<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_811156_0001104659-16-152440_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17224112</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>173145</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>499174</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5583251</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7517163</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2827286</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-16-152440.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027095642
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-16-152440
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CMS ENERGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000811156
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				382726431
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09513
		FILM NUMBER:		161954190

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ENERGY PLAZA
		CITY:			JACKSON
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5177880550

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ENERGY PLAZA
		CITY:			JACKSON
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49201

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONSUMERS ENERGY CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000201533
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				380442310
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05611
		FILM NUMBER:		161954191

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ENERGY PLAZA
		CITY:			JACKSON
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5177880550

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ENERGY PLAZA
		CITY:			JACKSON
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONSUMERS POWER CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-16-152440.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 a16-17147_110q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   
     
   FORM 10-Q   

For the transition period from_____to_____  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

CMS Energy   Corporation:   Yes  x   No    o       
 
   Consumers Energy Company:   Yes    x   No  o              
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data file required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

CMS Energy   Corporation:   Yes  x   No    o       
 
   Consumers Energy Company:   Yes    x   No  o              
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

CMS Energy   Corporation:        

Large   accelerated filer   x       
 
  Accelerated filer   o           

Non-Accelerated   filer   o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)      
 
  Smaller reporting   company   o           

Consumers   Energy Company:        

Large   accelerated filer   o       
 
  Accelerated filer   o           

Non-Accelerated   filer   x    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)      
 
  Smaller reporting   company   o              
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

CMS Energy   Corporation:   Yes  o   No    x       
 
   Consumers Energy Company:   Yes    o   No  x              
     
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock at October 11, 2016:  

Table of Contents   
     
  CMS Energy Corporation  
  Consumers Energy Company  
   Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the Period Ended September 30, 2016   
     
   TABLE OF CONTENTS     

Glossary         
 
  2           

Filing Format         
 
  7           

Available Information         
 
  7           

Forward-Looking Statements and Information         
 
  7           

Part I Financial Information         
 
  11           

Item 1. Financial Statements         
 
  11           

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial   Condition and Results of Operations         
 
  69           

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market   Risk         
 
  69           

Item 4. Controls and Procedures         
 
  69           

Part II Other   Information         
 
  69           

Item 1.   Legal Proceedings         
 
  69           

Item 1A.   Risk Factors         
 
  70           

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of   Proceeds         
 
  70           

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities         
 
  70           

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures         
 
  70           

Item 5.   Other Information         
 
  70           

Item 6. Exhibits        
 
  70           

Signatures         
 
  71              
     
 1   

Table of Contents   
     
   GLOSSARY     
     
  Certain terms used in the text and financial statements are defined below.  
     
   2008 Energy Law   
  Comprehensive energy reform package enacted in Michigan in 2008  
     
   2015 Form 10-K   
  Each of CMS Energy s and Consumers  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015  
     
   ABATE   
  Association of Businesses Advocating Tariff Equity  
     
   AOCI   
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)  
     
   ASU   
  Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update  
     
   Bay Harbor   
  A residential/commercial real estate area located near Petoskey, Michigan, in which CMS Energy sold its interest in 2002  
     
   bcf   
  Billion cubic feet  
     
   Cantera Gas Company   
  Cantera Gas Company LLC, a non-affiliated company, formerly known as CMS Field Services  
     
   Cantera Natural Gas, Inc.   
  Cantera Natural Gas, Inc., a non-affiliated company that purchased CMS Field Services  
     
   CCR   
  Coal combustion residual  
     
   CEO   
  Chief Executive Officer  
     
   CERCLA   
  Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980  
     
   CFO   
  Chief Financial Officer  
     
   Clean Air Act   
  Federal Clean Air Act of 1963, as amended  
     
   Clean Water Act   
  Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended  
     
   CMS Capital   
  CMS Capital, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Energy  
     
 2   

Table of Contents   
     
   CMS Energy   
  CMS Energy Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise noted; the parent of Consumers and CMS Enterprises  
     
   CMS Enterprises   
  CMS Enterprises Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Energy  
     
   CMS Field Services   
  CMS Field Services, Inc., a former wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Gas Transmission Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Enterprises  
     
   CMS Land   
  CMS Land Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Capital  
     
   CMS MST   
  CMS Marketing, Services and Trading Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Enterprises, whose name was changed to CMS Energy Resource Management Company in 2004  
     
   Consumers   
  Consumers Energy Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise noted; a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Energy  
     
   CSAPR   
  The Cross-State Air Pollution Rule  
     
   DB Pension Plan   
  Defined benefit pension plan of CMS Energy and Consumers, including certain present and former affiliates and subsidiaries  
     
   DB SERP   
  Defined Benefit Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan  
     
   DIG   
  Dearborn Industrial Generation, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of Dearborn Industrial Energy, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Energy  
     
   Dodd-Frank Act   
  Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010  
     
   DTIA   
  Distribution-Transmission Interconnection Agreement dated April 1, 2001 between METC and Consumers, as amended  
     
   EBITDA   
  Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization  
     
   EnerBank   
  EnerBank USA, a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Capital  
     
   EPA   
  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  
     
   EPS   
  Earnings per share  
     
 3   

Table of Contents   
     
   Exchange Act   
  Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
     
   FDIC   
  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  
     
   FERC   
  The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission  
     
   FMB   
  First Mortgage Bond  
     
   FTR   
  Financial transmission right  
     
   GAAP   
  U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles  
     
   Gas AMR   
  Consumers  gas automated meter reading project, which involves the installation of communication modules to allow drive-by meter reading  
     
   GCR   
  Gas cost recovery  
     
   Genesee   
  Genesee Power Station Limited Partnership, a variable interest entity in which HYDRA-CO Enterprises, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of CMS Enterprises, has a 50 percent interest  
     
   kWh   
  Kilowatt-hour, a unit of energy equal to one thousand watt-hours  
     
   Ludington   
  Ludington pumped-storage plant, jointly owned by Consumers and DTE Electric Company, a non-affiliated company  
     
   MATS   
  Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, which limit mercury, acid gases, and other toxic pollution from coal-fueled and oil-fueled power plants  
     
   MD A   
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     
   MDEQ   
  Michigan Department of Environmental Quality  
     
   METC   
  Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC, a non-affiliated company  
     
   MGP   
  Manufactured gas plant  
     
 4   

Table of Contents   
     
   Michigan Mercury Rule   
  Michigan Air Pollution Control Rules, Part 15, Emission Limitations and Prohibitions   Mercury, addressing mercury emissions from coal-fueled electric generating units  
     
   MISO   
  Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc.  
     
   mothball   
  To place a generating unit into a state of extended reserve shutdown in which the unit is inactive and unavailable for service for a specified period, during which the unit can be brought back into service after receiving appropriate notification and completing any necessary maintenance or other work; generation owners in MISO must request approval to mothball a unit, and MISO then evaluates the request for reliability impacts  
     
   MPSC   
  Michigan Public Service Commission  
     
   MW   
  Megawatt, a unit of power equal to one million watts  
     
   NAAQS   
  National Ambient Air Quality Standards  
     
   NAV   
  Net asset value  
     
   NERC   
  The North American Electric Reliability Corporation, a non-affiliated company responsible for developing and enforcing reliability standards, monitoring the bulk power system, and educating and certifying industry personnel  
     
   NPDES   
  National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, a permit system for regulating point sources of pollution under the Clean Water Act  
     
   NREPA   
  Part 201 of the Michigan Natural Resources and Environmental Protection Act, a statute that covers environmental activities including remediation  
     
   NSR   
  New Source Review, a construction-permitting program under the Clean Air Act  
     
   OPEB   
  Other Post-Employment Benefits  
     
   OPEB Plan   
  Postretirement health care and life insurance plans of CMS Energy and Consumers, including certain present and former affiliates and subsidiaries  
     
   PCB   
  Polychlorinated biphenyl  
     
   PSCR   
  Power supply cost recovery  
     
 5   

Table of Contents   
     
   REC   
  Renewable energy credit established under the 2008 Energy Law  
     
   ROA   
  Retail Open Access, which allows electric generation customers to choose alternative electric suppliers pursuant to a Michigan statute enacted in 2000  
     
   SEC   
  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  
     
   securitization   
  A financing method authorized by statute and approved by the MPSC which allows a utility to sell its right to receive a portion of the rate payments received from its customers for the repayment of securitization bonds issued by a special-purpose entity affiliated with such utility  
     
   Sherman Act   
  Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890  
     
   Smart Energy   
  Consumers  Smart Energy grid modernization project, which includes the installation of smart meters that transmit and receive data, a two-way communications network, and modifications to Consumers  existing information technology system to manage the data and enable changes to key business processes  
     
 6   

Table of Contents   
     
   FILING FORMAT     
     
  This combined Form 10-Q is separately filed by CMS Energy and Consumers. Information in this combined Form 10-Q relating to each individual registrant is filed by such registrant on its own behalf. Consumers makes no representation regarding information relating to any other companies affiliated with CMS Energy other than its own subsidiaries. None of CMS Energy, CMS Enterprises, nor any of CMS Energy s other subsidiaries (other than Consumers) has any obligation in respect of Consumers  debt securities and holders of such debt securities should not consider the financial resources or results of operations of CMS Energy, CMS Enterprises, nor any of CMS Energy s other subsidiaries (other than Consumers and its own subsidiaries (in relevant circumstances)) in making a decision with respect to Consumers  debt securities. Similarly, neither Consumers nor any other subsidiary of CMS Energy has any obligation in respect of debt securities of CMS Energy.  
     
  This report should be read in its entirety. No one section of this report deals with all aspects of the subject matter of this report. This report should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes and with MD A included in the 2015 Form 10-K.  
     
   AVAILABLE INFORMATION     
     
  CMS Energy s internet address is www.cmsenergy.com. CMS Energy routinely posts important information on its website and considers the Investor Relations section, www.cmsenergy.com/investor-relations, a channel of distribution. Information contained on CMS Energy s website is not incorporated herein.  
     
   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION     
     
  This Form 10-Q and other CMS Energy and Consumers disclosures may contain forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of  might,   may,   could,   should,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   projects,   forecasts,   predicts,   assumes,  and other similar words is intended to identify forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. This discussion of potential risks and uncertainties is designed to highlight important factors that may impact CMS Energy s and Consumers  businesses and financial outlook. CMS Energy and Consumers have no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements regardless of whether new information, future events, or any other factors affect the information contained in the statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to various factors that could cause CMS Energy s and Consumers  actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in these statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following, all of which are potentially significant:  
     
                        the impact of new regulation by the MPSC, FERC, and other applicable governmental proceedings and regulations, including any associated impact on electric or gas rates or rate structures  
     
                        potentially adverse regulatory treatment or failure to receive timely regulatory orders affecting Consumers that are or could come before the MPSC, FERC, or other governmental authorities  
     
                        changes in the performance of or regulations applicable to MISO, METC, pipelines, railroads, vessels, or other service providers that CMS Energy, Consumers, or any of their affiliates rely on to serve their customers  
     
                        the adoption of federal or state laws or regulations or changes in applicable laws, rules, regulations, principles, or practices, or in their interpretation, such as those related to energy  
     
 7   

Table of Contents   
     
  policy and ROA, infrastructure security, gas pipeline safety, gas pipeline capacity, energy efficiency, the environment, regulation or deregulation, reliability, health care reforms (including comprehensive health care reform enacted in 2010), taxes, accounting matters, climate change, air emissions, renewable energy, potential effects of the Dodd-Frank Act, and other business issues that could have an impact on CMS Energy s, Consumers , or any of their affiliates  businesses or financial results  
     
                        factors affecting operations, such as costs and availability of personnel, equipment, and materials; weather conditions; natural disasters; catastrophic weather-related damage; scheduled or unscheduled equipment outages; maintenance or repairs; environmental incidents; failures of equipment or materials; and electric transmission and distribution or gas pipeline system constraints  
     
                        increases in demand for renewables by customers seeking to meet sustainability goals  
     
                        the ability of Consumers to execute its cost-reduction strategies  
     
                        potentially adverse regulatory or legal interpretations or decisions regarding environmental matters, or delayed regulatory treatment or permitting decisions that are or could come before the MDEQ, EPA, and/or U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and potential environmental remediation costs associated with these interpretations or decisions, including those that may affect Bay Harbor or Consumers  routine maintenance, repair, and replacement classification under NSR regulations  
     
                        changes in energy markets, including availability and price of electric capacity and the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices and availability and deliverability of coal, natural gas, natural gas liquids, electricity, oil, and certain related products  
     
                        the price of CMS Energy common stock, the credit ratings of CMS Energy and Consumers, capital and financial market conditions, and the effect of these market conditions on CMS Energy s and Consumers  interest costs and access to the capital markets, including availability of financing to CMS Energy, Consumers, or any of their affiliates  
     
                        the investment performance of the assets of CMS Energy s and Consumers  pension and benefit plans, the discount rates used in calculating the plans  obligations, and the resulting impact on future funding requirements  
     
                        the impact of the economy, particularly in Michigan, and potential future volatility in the financial and credit markets on CMS Energy s, Consumers , or any of their affiliates  revenues, ability to collect accounts receivable from customers, or cost and availability of capital  
     
                        changes in the economic and financial viability of CMS Energy s and Consumers  suppliers, customers, and other counterparties and the continued ability of these third parties, including those in bankruptcy, to meet their obligations to CMS Energy and Consumers  
     
                        population changes in the geographic areas where CMS Energy and Consumers conduct business  
     
                        national, regional, and local economic, competitive, and regulatory policies, conditions, and developments  
     
                        loss of customer demand for electric generation supply to alternative energy suppliers, increased use of distributed generation, or energy efficiency  
     
 8   

Table of Contents   
     
                        federal regulation of electric sales and transmission of electricity, including periodic re-examination by federal regulators of CMS Energy s and Consumers  market-based sales authorizations  
     
                        the impact of credit markets, economic conditions, and any new banking regulations on EnerBank  
     
                        the availability, cost, coverage, and terms of insurance, the stability of insurance providers, and the ability of Consumers to recover the costs of any insurance from customers  
     
                        the effectiveness of CMS Energy s and Consumers  risk management policies, procedures, and strategies, including strategies to hedge risk related to future prices of electricity, natural gas, and other energy-related commodities  
     
                        factors affecting development of electric generation projects and gas and electric transmission and distribution infrastructure replacement, conversion, and expansion projects, including factors related to project site identification, construction material pricing, schedule delays, availability of qualified construction personnel, permitting, and government approvals  
     
                        potential disruption to, interruption of, or other impacts on facilities, utility infrastructure, or operations due to accidents, explosions, physical disasters, cyber incidents, vandalism, war, or terrorism, and the ability to obtain or maintain insurance coverage for these events  
     
                        changes or disruption in fuel supply, including but not limited to supplier bankruptcy and delivery disruptions  
     
                        potential costs, lost revenues, or other consequences resulting from misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data, or operational disruption in connection with a cyber attack or other cyber incident  
     
                        technological developments in energy production, storage, delivery, usage, and metering  
     
                        the ability to implement technology successfully  
     
                        the impact of CMS Energy s and Consumers  integrated business software system and its effects on their operations, including utility customer billing and collections  
     
                        adverse consequences resulting from any past, present, or future assertion of indemnity or warranty claims associated with assets and businesses previously owned by CMS Energy or Consumers, including claims resulting from attempts by foreign or domestic governments to assess taxes on or to impose environmental liability associated with past operations or transactions  
     
                        the outcome, cost, and other effects of any legal or administrative claims, proceedings, investigations, or settlements  
     
                        the reputational impact on CMS Energy and Consumers of operational incidents, violations of corporate policies, regulatory violations, inappropriate use of social media, and other events  
     
                        restrictions imposed by various financing arrangements and regulatory requirements on the ability of Consumers and other subsidiaries of CMS Energy to transfer funds to CMS Energy in the form of cash dividends, loans, or advances  
     
 9   

Table of Contents   
     
                        earnings volatility resulting from the application of fair value accounting to certain energy commodity contracts or interest rate contracts  
     
                        changes in financial or regulatory accounting principles or policies  
     
                        other matters that may be disclosed from time to time in CMS Energy s and Consumers  SEC filings, or in other public documents  
     
  All forward-looking statements should be considered in the context of the risk and other factors described above and as detailed from time to time in CMS Energy s and Consumers  SEC filings. For additional details regarding these and other uncertainties, see Part I Item 1. Financial Statements MD A Outlook and Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2, Regulatory Matters and Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments; and Part II Item 1A. Risk Factors.  
     
 10   

Table of Contents   
     
  Part I Financial Information    
     
   Item 1. Financial Statements     
     
   INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and   Results of Operations         
 
  12           

CMS Energy Consolidated Financial Statements       
 
  34           

Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)         
 
  34           

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)         
 
  35           

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)         
 
  37           

Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)         
 
  38           

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited)         
 
  40           

Consumers Consolidated Financial Statements       
 
  42           

Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)         
 
  42           

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)         
 
  43           

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)         
 
  45           

Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)         
 
  46           

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited)         
 
  48           

Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements         
 
  49           

1:         
 
    New   Accounting Standards         
 
  49           

2:         
 
    Regulatory   Matters         
 
  51           

3:         
 
    Contingencies   and Commitments         
 
  53           

4:         
 
    Financings   and Capitalization         
 
  57           

5:         
 
    Fair Value   Measurements         
 
  59           

6:         
 
    Financial   Instruments         
 
  61           

7:         
 
    Notes   Receivable         
 
  63           

8:         
 
    Retirement   Benefits         
 
  63           

9:         
 
    Income Taxes         
 
  65           

10:         
 
    Earnings Per   Share CMS Energy         
 
  66           

11:         
 
    Reportable   Segments         
 
  66              

11   

Table of Contents   
     
  CMS Energy Corporation  
  Consumers Energy Company  
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
     
  This MD A is a combined report of CMS Energy and Consumers.  
     
   EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW   
     
  CMS Energy is an energy company operating primarily in Michigan. It is the parent holding company of several subsidiaries, including Consumers, an electric and gas utility, and CMS Enterprises, primarily a domestic independent power producer. Consumers  electric utility operations include the generation, purchase, transmission, distribution, and sale of electricity, and Consumers  gas utility operations include the purchase, transmission, storage, distribution, and sale of natural gas. Consumers  customer base consists of a mix of residential, commercial, and diversified industrial customers. CMS Enterprises, through its subsidiaries and equity investments, owns and operates power generation facilities.  
     
  CMS Energy and Consumers manage their businesses by the nature of services each provides. CMS Energy operates principally in three business segments: electric utility; gas utility; and enterprises, its non-utility operations and investments. Consumers operates principally in two business segments: electric utility and gas utility.  
     
  CMS Energy and Consumers earn revenue and generate cash from operations by providing electric and natural gas utility services; electric distribution, transmission, and generation; gas transmission, storage, and distribution; and other energy-related services. Their businesses are affected primarily by:  
     
                        regulation and regulatory matters  
                        economic conditions  
                        weather  
                        energy commodity prices  
                        interest rates  
                        their securities  credit ratings  
     
  The key elements of CMS Energy s and Consumers  business strategy are depicted below:  

12   

Table of Contents   
     
  CMS Energy and Consumers are committed to sustainable business practices and to pursuing the goals of safe and excellent operations, a strong ethical culture, environmental quality, and social responsibility. Consumers  2016 Sustainability Report, which is available to the public, provides an overview of Consumers  efforts to continue meeting Michigan s energy needs safely, efficiently, affordably, and reliably. The report also highlights Consumers  commitment to Michigan businesses, its corporate citizenship, and its role in reducing the state s air emissions.   
     
  Safe, Excellent Operations  
     
  The safety of employees, customers, and the general public remains a priority of CMS Energy and Consumers. Accordingly, CMS Energy and Consumers have worked to integrate a set of safety principles into their business operations and culture. These principles include complying with applicable safety, health, and security regulations and implementing programs and processes aimed at continually improving safety and security conditions. In 2015, Consumers reduced recordable safety incidents by 29 percent compared with 2014. The number of recordable safety incidents in 2015 was the lowest in Consumers  history. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Consumers reduced recordable safety incidents by a further 21 percent compared with the same period in 2015.  
     
  Customer Value  
     
  Consumers continues to place a high priority on customer value. Consumers  capital investment program is aimed at improving safety and increasing electric and gas reliability, which has resulted in measureable improvements in customer satisfaction.  
     
  Additionally, Consumers has undertaken several initiatives to keep electricity and natural gas affordable for its customers. These include accelerated pension funding, employee and retiree health care cost sharing, replacement of coal-fueled generation with more efficient gas-fueled generation, targeted infrastructure investment, including the installation of smart meters, negotiated labor agreements, information and control system efficiencies, and productivity improvements. Consumers  gas commodity costs declined by 64 percent from 2005 through 2015, due in part to Consumers  improvements to its gas infrastructure and optimization of its gas purchasing and storage strategy. These savings are all passed on to customers.  
     
  Utility Investment  
     
  Consumers expects to make capital investments of about $17 billion from 2016 through 2025. While Consumers has substantially more investment opportunities that would add customer value, Consumers has limited its capital investment program to those investments it believes are needed to provide safe, reliable, and efficient service to its customers. Consumers  capital investment program is expected to result in annual rate-base growth of six to eight percent. This rate-base growth, together with Consumers  cost-control initiatives, should allow Consumers to maintain sustainable customer base rate increases (excluding PSCR and GCR charges) at or below the rate of inflation.  
     
 13   

Table of Contents   
     
  Presented in the following illustration are planned capital investments of about $8.5 billion that Consumers expects to make in 2016 through 2020:  

Electric   base ($2.6 billion)           

Gas   base ($1.8 billion)           

Gas   reliability enhancements    ($1.6 billion)           

Electric   reliability    enhancements ($0.7 billion)           

Environmental   ($0.6 billion)           

Smart   Energy and Gas AMR    ($0.5 billion)           

Other   ($0.7 billion)           

Consumers  planned base capital investments of $4.4 billion represent projects to maintain Consumers  system and comprise $2.6 billion at the electric utility to preserve reliability and capacity and $1.8 billion at the gas utility to sustain deliverability and enhance pipeline integrity. An additional $2.3 billion of planned reliability investments at Consumers are aimed at reducing outages and improving customer satisfaction; these investments comprise $1.6 billion at the gas utility to replace mains and enhance transmission and storage systems and $0.7 billion at the electric utility to strengthen circuits and substations and replace poles. Consumers also expects to spend $0.6 billion on environmental investments needed to comply with state and federal laws and regulations.  
     
  Consumers  Smart Energy program also represents a major capital investment. The full-scale deployment of advanced metering infrastructure began in 2012 and is planned to continue through 2017. Consumers has spent $0.5 billion through 2015 on its Smart Energy program, and expects to spend an additional $0.3 billion, following a phased approach, through 2017. In addition, Consumers expects to spend $0.2 billion through 2019 in deploying Gas AMR technology beginning in 2017.  
     
  Regulation  
     
  Regulatory matters are a key aspect of CMS Energy s and Consumers  businesses, particularly Consumers  rate cases and regulatory proceedings before the MPSC. Important regulatory events and developments are summarized below.  
     
                         Electric Rate Case:    In March 2016, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of $225 million, based on a 10.7 percent authorized return on equity. The filing also seeks approval of an investment recovery mechanism that would provide for additional annual rate increases of $38 million beginning in 2017, $92 million beginning in 2018, and $92 million beginning in 2019 for incremental investments that Consumers plans to make in those years, subject to reconciliation. In September 2016, Consumers self-implemented an annual rate increase of $170 million, subject to refund with interest.  
     
 14   

Table of Contents   
     
                         Gas Rate Case:    In August 2016, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of $90 million, based on a 10.6 percent authorized return on equity. The largest component of the request is an annual revenue requirement of $84 million related to new investments that will allow Consumers to strengthen infrastructure and improve system capacity and deliverability.  
     
  The filing also seeks approval of two rate adjustment mechanisms: one that would reconcile annually Consumers  actual nonfuel revenues with the revenues approved by the MPSC, and another that would provide for additional annual rate increases of $35 million beginning in 2018 and another $35 million beginning in 2019 for incremental investments that Consumers plans to make in those years, subject to reconciliation. These future investments are intended to help ensure adequate system capacity and deliverability.  
     
  In 2015, Michigan s governor outlined several key goals for the state s energy policy, with a focus on increasing the use of clean energy sources, reducing Michigan s reliance on coal, deploying smart meters, investing in the power grid and pipeline system, eliminating energy waste, and ensuring affordable, reliable, and adaptable energy while protecting the environment. The Michigan Senate and House of Representatives are considering two separate but similar pieces of legislation to address energy policy. Consumers is unable to predict the form and timing of any final legislation. While most of the proposed changes represent potential benefits to Consumers  customers, Consumers  business plan assumes no changes to the existing law.  
     
  In September 2016, Michigan s governor and MISO announced that MISO will submit a proposal to FERC in November 2016 that would impose capacity requirements on alternative electric suppliers operating in Michigan. Presently, under the 2008 Energy Law, electric customers in Consumers  service territory are allowed to buy electric generation service from alternative electric suppliers in an aggregate amount up to ten percent of Consumers  weather-adjusted retail sales for the preceding calendar year. Under the joint proposal, alternative electric suppliers would be required to procure enough capacity to cover their anticipated requirements for the subsequent three-year period. If the alternative electric supplier did not procure enough capacity, its customers would then pay a capacity charge set by the MPSC. The capacity charge would be determined in a separate proceeding in 2017, should FERC approve MISO s proposal. Consumers cannot predict the outcome of this proposal.  
     
  Environmental and health and safety regulations are other areas of importance for CMS Energy and Consumers, and they are monitoring numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives, including those to regulate greenhouse gases, and related litigation. CMS Energy and Consumers believe that these laws and regulations related to their operations will continue to become more stringent and require them to make additional substantial capital expenditures for emissions control equipment, CCR disposal and storage, cooling water intake equipment, effluent treatment, PCB remediation, and gas pipeline safety. Present and reasonably anticipated state and federal environmental statutes and regulations, including but not limited to the Clean Air Act, including the Clean Power Plan, as well as the Clean Water Act, the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, CERCLA, and the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011, will continue to have a material effect on CMS Energy and Consumers.  
     
  Financial Performance  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, CMS Energy s net income available to common stockholders was $474 million and diluted EPS were $1.70. This compares with net income available to common stockholders of $417 million and diluted EPS of $1.51 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Among the primary factors contributing to CMS Energy s increased earnings in 2016 were benefits from electric and gas rate increases and higher electric sales due mainly to warmer-than-normal summer weather. These changes were offset partially by higher depreciation and property   
     
 15   

Table of Contents   
     
  taxes on increased plant in service and by lower gas deliveries, reflecting the second-warmest winter in Consumers  history.  
     
  Consumers  utility operations are seasonal. The consumption of electric energy typically increases in the summer months, due primarily to the use of air conditioners and other cooling equipment, while peak demand for natural gas occurs in the winter due to colder temperatures and the resulting use of natural gas as heating fuel. In addition, Consumers  electric rates, which follow a seasonal rate design, are higher in the summer months than in the remaining months of the year. A more detailed discussion of the factors affecting CMS Energy s and Consumers  performance can be found in the Results of Operations section that follows this Executive Overview.  
     
  Consumers expects that a continued rise in industrial production in its service territory will drive its total electric deliveries to increase annually by about one-half percent on average through 2020. Excluding the impacts of energy efficiency programs, Consumers expects its total electric deliveries to increase by about one percent annually through 2020. Consumers is projecting that its gas deliveries will remain stable through 2020. This outlook reflects growth in gas demand offset by energy efficiency and conservation.  
     
  As Consumers seeks to continue to receive fair and timely regulatory treatment, delivering customer value will remain a key strategic priority. In order to minimize increases in customer base rates, Consumers has set goals to achieve further annual productivity improvements. Additionally, Consumers will strive to give priority to capital investments that increase customer value or lower costs.  
     
  Consumers expects to continue to have sufficient borrowing capacity to fund its investment-based growth plans. CMS Energy also expects its sources of liquidity to remain sufficient to meet its cash requirements. To identify potential implications for CMS Energy s and Consumers  businesses and future financial needs, the companies will continue to monitor developments in the financial and credit markets, as well as government policy responses to those developments.  
     
 16   

Table of Contents   
     
   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
     
  CMS Energy Consolidated Results of Operations  

Presented in the following table are specific after-tax changes to net income available to common stockholders:  

17   

Table of Contents   
     
  Consumers Electric Utility Results of Operations  

Following is a discussion of significant changes to net income available to common stockholders.  
     
   Electric Deliveries and Rate Increases:    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, electric delivery revenues increased $45 million compared with 2015. This change reflected a $52 million increase in sales due primarily to favorable weather. Additionally, revenues increased $14 million due to a rate increase self-implemented in September 2016. These increases were offset partially by a $15 million decrease resulting from lower summer rates as authorized in the December 2015 rate order and a $6 million decrease in other revenues associated with securitization bonds that Consumers issued in 2001 and retired in October 2015. Deliveries to end-use customers were 10.7 billion kWh in 2016 and 10.1 billion kWh in 2015.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, electric delivery revenues increased $88 million compared with 2015. This change reflected $59 million from a December 2015 rate increase and a September 2016 self-implemented rate increase, $46 million from an increase in sales due primarily to favorable weather, and a $9 million increase associated with energy efficiency programs. These increases were offset partially by a $26 million decrease in revenue associated with securitization bonds that Consumers issued in 2001 and retired in October 2015. Deliveries to end-use customers were 28.9 billion kWh in 2016 and 28.4 billion kWh in 2015.  
     
   Maintenance and Other Operating Expenses:    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, maintenance and other operating expenses decreased $15 million compared with 2015. This change was due to a $10 million decrease in expenses at the seven coal-fueled electric generating units that Consumers retired in April 2016 and a $6 million decrease in postretirement benefit costs attributable primarily to the change to a full-yield-curve approach to calculate the service cost and interest expense components of net periodic benefit costs for the DB Pension and OPEB Plans. Also contributing to the change were a $4 million reduction in service restoration expenses and a $1 million decrease in other operating and maintenance costs. These reductions were offset partially by a $6 million charge associated with a voluntary separation program.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, maintenance and other operating expenses decreased $36 million compared with 2015. This change was due to a $21 million decrease in expenses at the seven coal-fueled electric generating units that Consumers retired in April 2016, a $19 million decrease in  
     
 18   

Table of Contents   
     
  postretirement benefit costs attributable primarily to the change to a full-yield-curve approach to calculate the service cost and interest expense components of net periodic benefit costs for the DB Pension and OPEB Plans, and a $10 million decrease in uncollectible accounts expense. Also contributing to the change was a $4 million decrease associated with a State of Michigan use tax settlement reached in June 2016. These decreases were offset partially by a $9 million increase associated with energy efficiency programs, a $6 million charge associated with a voluntary separation program, and a $3 million increase in forestry expenses.  
     
   Depreciation and Amortization:    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation and amortization expense increased $6 million compared with 2015. This change reflected a $27 million increase in depreciation expense related to increased plant in service and an increase in depreciation rates that became effective in December 2015, offset partially by a $21 million decrease in amortization of securitized assets, reflecting the conclusion in October 2015 of Consumers  2001 securitization program.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation and amortization expense increased $16 million compared with 2015. This change reflected a $72 million increase in depreciation expense related to increased plant in service and an increase in depreciation rates that became effective in December 2015, offset partially by a $56 million decrease in amortization associated primarily with securitized assets, reflecting the conclusion in October 2015 of Consumers  2001 securitization program.  
     
   General Taxes:    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, general taxes increased $9 million compared with 2015. This change was due primarily to an $8 million increase in property taxes, reflecting higher capital spending, and a $1 million increase to payroll taxes related to a voluntary separation program.  
     
   Other Income, Net of Expenses:    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, other income, net of expenses, decreased $8 million compared with 2015. This decrease reflected the absence, in 2016, of a $6 million gain related to a donation of CMS Energy stock by Consumers. The gain was eliminated on CMS Energy s consolidated statements of income. The decrease also reflected a $2 million charitable contribution made in 2016.  
     
   Interest Charges:    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest charges increased $5 million compared with 2015. These changes were due primarily to higher average debt levels.  
     
   Income Taxes:    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, income taxes increased $18 million compared with 2015. This change was attributable primarily to higher electric utility earnings.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, income taxes increased $30 million compared with 2015. This increase reflected $34 million related to higher electric utility earnings, offset partially by a $4 million decrease due to a change in the treatment of excess tax benefits on restricted stock awards as a result of the early adoption of a new accounting standard. For additional details on the implementation of this standard, see Note 1, New Accounting Standards.  
     
 19   

Table of Contents   
     
  Consumers Gas Utility Results of Operations  

Following is a discussion of significant changes to net income available to common stockholders.  
     
   Gas Deliveries and Rate Increases:    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, gas delivery revenues increased $8 million compared with 2015. This change reflected a $4 million increase from a January 2016 rate increase and a $4 million increase in other revenues. Deliveries to end-use customers were 26 bcf in 2016 and 27 bcf in 2015.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, gas delivery revenues decreased $27 million compared with 2015. This change reflected a $50 million decrease in sales due primarily to milder winter weather. This decrease was offset partially by $23 million related to a January 2016 rate increase. Deliveries to end-use customers were 196 bcf in 2016 and 223 bcf in 2015.  
     
   Maintenance and Other Operating Expenses:    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, maintenance and other operating expenses decreased $9 million compared with 2015. This change was due to a $4 million decrease in postretirement benefit costs attributable primarily to the change to a full-yield-curve approach to calculate the service cost and interest expense components of net periodic benefit costs for the DB Pension and OPEB Plans and a $2 million decrease in uncollectible accounts expense. Also contributing to the change was a $7 million reduction in other gas distribution operating and maintenance expenses, offset partially by a $4 million charge associated with a voluntary separation program.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, maintenance and other operating expenses decreased $22 million compared with 2015. This change was due to a $12 million decrease in postretirement benefit costs attributable primarily to the change to a full-yield-curve approach to calculate the service cost and interest expense components of net periodic benefit costs for the DB Pension and OPEB Plans and a $6 million decrease in uncollectible accounts expense. Additionally, there was an $8 million reduction in other gas distribution operating and maintenance expenses. These decreases were offset partially by a $4 million charge associated with a voluntary separation program.  
     
   Depreciation and Amortization:    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation and amortization expense increased $15 million compared with 2015, due primarily to increased plant in service.  
     
   General Taxes:    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, general taxes increased $4 million compared with 2015, due primarily to increased property taxes, reflecting higher capital spending.  
     
 20   

Table of Contents   
     
   Income Taxes:    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, income taxes decreased $12 million compared with 2015. This change reflected a $10 million reduction related to lower gas utility earnings and a $2 million decrease due to a change in the treatment of excess tax benefits on restricted stock awards as a result of the early adoption of a new accounting standard. For additional details on the implementation of this standard, see Note 1, New Accounting Standards.  
     
  Enterprises Results of Operations  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, net income of the enterprises segment increased $5 million compared with 2015, due primarily to higher prices for capacity and demand revenue from DIG and $1 million resulting from delays in planned maintenance at equity method investees.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net income of the enterprises segment increased $7 million compared with 2015, due primarily to higher prices for capacity and demand revenue from DIG and $2 million resulting from lower maintenance expenses at equity method investees.  
     
  Corporate Interest and Other Results of Operations  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, corporate interest and other net expenses increased $2 million compared with 2015, due primarily to higher fixed charges reflecting higher debt levels, offset partially by lower average interest rates.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, corporate interest and other net expenses decreased $10 million compared with 2015, due primarily to a settlement reached with the Michigan Department of Treasury that resulted in after-tax reductions of $2 million in general taxes and $3 million in income tax expense. Also contributing to the change were the absence, in 2016, of a $5 million intercompany charge related to a donation of CMS Energy stock by Consumers and $2 million of higher net earnings at EnerBank. These decreases were offset partially by higher fixed charges.  
     
  For additional details on the settlement with the Michigan Department of Treasury, see Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments Other Contingencies.  
     
 21   

Table of Contents   
     
   CASH POSITION, INVESTING, AND FINANCING   
     
  At September 30, 2016, CMS Energy had $367 million of consolidated cash and cash equivalents, which included $28 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents. At September 30, 2016, Consumers had $49 million of consolidated cash and cash equivalents, which included $28 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents.  
     
  Operating Activities  
     
  Presented in the following table are specific components of net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

1                      Non-cash transactions comprise depreciation and amortization, changes in deferred income taxes, postretirement benefits expense, and other non-cash operating activities. 
     
  2                      Core working capital comprises accounts receivable, notes receivable, accrued revenue, inventories, accounts payable, and accrued rate refunds. 
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities at CMS Energy decreased $179 million compared with 2015 and net cash provided by operating activities at Consumers decreased $139 million compared with 2015. These decreases were due primarily to lower collections from customers, including collections of GCR underrecoveries and gas sold at lower prices in 2016, and higher energy optimization spending. These changes were offset partially by a decrease in postretirement benefits contributions, gas purchases at lower prices in 2016, and higher net income. At Consumers, the greater impact from changes in other assets and liabilities and the increase in non-cash transactions reflected an increase in the deferred income tax liability and expense associated with bonus depreciation on higher capital expenditures.  
     
 22   

Table of Contents   
     
  Investing Activities  
     
  Presented in the following table are specific components of net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in investing activities at CMS Energy increased $65 million compared with 2015 and net cash used in investing activities at Consumers increased $123 million compared with 2015. These changes were due primarily to higher capital expenditures and costs to retire property at Consumers, offset partially by the absence, in 2016, of DB SERP fund contributions. The change at CMS Energy was also due to the absence, in 2016, of proceeds from the sale of EnerBank notes receivable and was offset partially by slower growth in EnerBank consumer lending.  
     
 23   

Table of Contents   
     
  Financing Activities  
     
  Presented in the following table are specific components of net cash provided by (used in) financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities at CMS Energy increased $374 million compared with 2015 and net cash used in financing activities at Consumers decreased $261 million compared with 2015. At CMS Energy, the change was due to an increase in debt and common stock issuances. These changes were offset partially by higher repayments under Consumers  commercial paper program and an increase in debt retirements.  
     
  At Consumers, the change was due primarily to an increase in debt issuances and contributions from CMS Energy, offset partially by higher debt repayments under the commercial paper program and an increase in debt retirements.  
     
   CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY   
     
  CMS Energy uses dividends and tax-sharing payments from its subsidiaries and external financing and capital transactions to invest in its utility and non-utility businesses, retire debt, pay dividends, and fund its other obligations. The ability of CMS Energy s subsidiaries, including Consumers, to pay dividends to CMS Energy depends upon each subsidiary s revenues, earnings, cash needs, and other factors. In addition, Consumers  ability to pay dividends is restricted by certain terms included in its debt covenants and articles of incorporation and potentially by FERC requirements and provisions under the Federal Power Act and the Natural Gas Act. For additional details on Consumers  dividend restrictions, see Note 4, Financings and Capitalization Dividend Restrictions. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Consumers paid $361 million in dividends on its common stock to CMS Energy.  
     
  As a result of federal tax legislation passed in December 2015 that extends bonus depreciation, CMS Energy expects to be able to extend the use of federal net operating loss carryforwards and, accordingly, defer its federal income tax payments through 2020. As a consequence, however, CMS Energy expects to receive lower tax-sharing payments from Consumers during that period. This may require CMS Energy to maintain higher levels of debt in order to invest in its businesses, pay  
     
 24   

Table of Contents   
     
  dividends, and fund its general obligations. Despite this, CMS Energy does not anticipate a need for a block equity offering.  
     
  In April 2015, CMS Energy entered into an updated continuous equity offering program. Under this program, CMS Energy may sell, from time to time in  at the market  offerings, common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to $100 million. CMS Energy issued common stock under the program and received net proceeds of $60 million in March 2016 and $30 million in 2015.  
     
  Consumers uses cash flows generated from operations and external financing transactions, as well as stockholder contributions from CMS Energy, to fund capital expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, contribute to its employee benefit plans, and fund its other obligations. As a result of accelerated pension funding in recent years and several initiatives to reduce costs, Consumers anticipates continued strong cash flows from operating activities for the remainder of 2016.  
     
  Access to the financial and capital markets depends on CMS Energy s and Consumers  credit ratings and on market conditions. As evidenced by past financing transactions, CMS Energy and Consumers have had ready access to these markets. Barring major market dislocations or disruptions, CMS Energy and Consumers expect to continue to have ready access to the financial and capital markets. If access to these markets were to diminish or otherwise become restricted, CMS Energy and Consumers would implement contingency plans to address debt maturities, which could include reduced capital spending.  
     
  At September 30, 2016, CMS Energy had $549 million of its secured revolving credit facility available and Consumers had $893 million available. CMS Energy and Consumers use these credit facilities for general working capital purposes and to issue letters of credit. An additional source of liquidity is Consumers  commercial paper program, which allows Consumers to issue, in one or more placements, up to $500 million in the aggregate in commercial paper notes with maturities of up to 365 days and that bear interest at fixed or floating rates. These issuances are supported by one of Consumers  revolving credit facilities. While the amount of outstanding commercial paper does not reduce the revolving credit facility s available capacity, Consumers does not intend to issue commercial paper in an amount exceeding the available facility capacity. At September 30, 2016, $75 million of commercial paper notes were outstanding under this program. For additional details on CMS Energy s and Consumers  secured revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program, see Note 4, Financings and Capitalization.  
     
  Certain of CMS Energy s and Consumers  credit agreements, debt indentures, and other facilities contain covenants that require CMS Energy and Consumers to maintain certain financial ratios, as defined therein. At September 30, 2016, no default had occurred with respect to any financial covenants contained in CMS Energy s and Consumers  credit agreements, debt indentures, or other facilities. CMS Energy and Consumers were each in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2016, as presented in the following table:  

1                      Applies to CMS Energy s $550 million revolving and $180 million term loan credit agreements. 
     
  2                      Applies to Consumers  $650 million, $250 million, and $30 million revolving credit agreements, and $35 million and $68 million reimbursement agreements. 
     
 25   

Table of Contents   
     
  Components of CMS Energy s and Consumers  cash management plan include controlling operating expenses and capital expenditures and evaluating market conditions for financing and refinancing opportunities. CMS Energy s and Consumers  present level of cash and expected cash flows from operating activities, together with access to sources of liquidity, are anticipated to be sufficient to fund the companies  contractual obligations for 2016 and beyond.  
     
  Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements  
     
  CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain of their subsidiaries enter into various arrangements in the normal course of business to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties. These arrangements include indemnities, surety bonds, letters of credit, and financial and performance guarantees. Indemnities are usually agreements to reimburse a counterparty that may incur losses due to outside claims or breach of contract terms. The maximum payment that could be required under a number of these indemnity obligations is not estimable; the maximum obligation under indemnities for which such amounts were estimable was $153 million at September 30, 2016. While CMS Energy and Consumers believe it is unlikely that they will incur any material losses related to indemnities they have not recorded as liabilities, they cannot predict the impact of these contingent obligations on their liquidity and financial condition. For additional details on these and other guarantee arrangements, see Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments Guarantees.  
     
   OUTLOOK   
     
  Several business trends and uncertainties may affect CMS Energy s and Consumers  financial condition and results of operations. These trends and uncertainties could have a material impact on CMS Energy s and Consumers  consolidated income, cash flows, or financial position. For additional details regarding these and other uncertainties, see Forward-Looking Statements and Information; Note 2, Regulatory Matters; Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments; and Part II Item 1A. Risk Factors.  
     
  Consumers Electric Utility and Gas Utility Outlook and Uncertainties  
     
   Smart Energy and Gas AMR:    Consumers began the full-scale deployment of smart meters in 2012 and expects to complete it in 2017. Smart meters allow customers to monitor and manage their energy usage, which Consumers expects will help reduce demand during critical peak times, resulting in lower peak electric capacity requirements. In addition, Consumers is able to disconnect and reconnect service, read, and bill from smart meters remotely. Consumers will continue to add further functionality to its smart meters. Consumers is also installing communication modules on gas meters in areas where it provides both electricity and natural gas to customers. The communication modules allow Consumers to read and bill from gas meters remotely.  
     
  Consumers expects that under its Smart Energy program it will have installed a total of 1.8 million smart meters and 600,000 communication modules throughout its service territory by the end of 2017. As of September 30, 2016, Consumers had upgraded 1.2 million electric customers to smart meters and had installed 250,000 communication modules on gas meters.  
     
  In areas where it provides only natural gas to customers, Consumers will deploy Gas AMR technology beginning in 2017. Under this program, communication modules are expected to be installed on 1.2 million gas meters, allowing Consumers to conduct drive-by meter reading.  
     
  Consumers Electric Utility Outlook and Uncertainties  
     
   Clean Energy Plan:    Consumers continues to experience increasing demand for electricity due to Michigan s recovering economy and increased use of air conditioning, consumer electronics, and other  
     
 26   

Table of Contents   
     
  electric devices, offset partially by the predicted effects of energy efficiency and conservation. In order to address future capacity requirements and growing electric demand in Michigan, Consumers has a comprehensive clean energy plan designed to meet the short-term and long-term electricity needs of its customers through:  
     
                        energy efficiency  
                        demand management  
                        expanded use of renewable energy  
                        construction or purchase of electric generating units  
                        continued operation or upgrade of existing units  
                        purchases of short-term market capacity  
     
  In April 2016, Consumers retired seven of its coal-fueled electric generating units, representing 950 MW of generating capacity. Even with these retirements, Consumers expects to meet the capacity requirements of its full-service customers for 2016 through 2020 through the use of a 540-MW natural gas-fueled electric generating plant purchased in December 2015, upgrades at Ludington, expanded use of renewable energy, energy efficiency programs, and demand management programs. In October 2016, Consumers completed an auction to purchase generation capacity for 2017. The MSPC must approve any contracts that Consumers enters into as a result of the auction. As demand forecasts become more certain, Consumers may take additional actions to cover any remaining capacity requirements for its full-service customers, including participation in the annual MISO planning resource auction.  
     
   Renewable Energy Plan:    Consumers  renewable energy plan details how Consumers expects to meet REC and capacity standards prescribed by the 2008 Energy Law. This law requires Consumers to submit RECs, which represent proof that the associated electricity was generated from a renewable energy resource, in an amount equal to at least ten percent of Consumers  electric sales volume each year. Under its renewable energy plan, Consumers expects to meet its renewable energy requirement each year with a combination of newly generated RECs and previously generated RECs carried over from prior years.  
     
  In conjunction with its renewable energy plan, Consumers signed a 15-year agreement in September 2015 to purchase renewable capacity, energy, and RECs from a 100-MW wind park to be constructed in Huron County, Michigan. The wind park is expected to be operational in 2017. In September 2016, Consumers applied for a special land use permit for the construction of its Cross Winds      Energy Park Phases II and III. This project will qualify for certain federal production tax credits that are expected to reduce the cost of the construction. These cost savings will be passed on to customers. Consumers also completed construction of two community solar projects in 2016. Together, these solar projects provide a combined four MW of nameplate capacity.  
     
   Electric Customer Deliveries and Revenue:    Consumers  electric customer deliveries are largely dependent on Michigan s economy. Consumers expects weather-adjusted electric deliveries to increase in 2016 by one-half to one percent compared with 2015.  
     
  Over the next five years, Consumers plans conservatively for average electric delivery growth of about one-half percent annually. This increase reflects growth in electric demand, offset partially by the predicted effects of energy efficiency programs and appliance efficiency standards. Actual delivery levels will depend on:  
     
                        energy conservation measures and results of energy efficiency programs  
                        weather fluctuations  
                        Michigan s economic conditions, including utilization, expansion, or contraction of manufacturing facilities, population trends, and housing activity  
     
 27   

Table of Contents   
     
   Electric ROA:    The 2008 Energy Law allows electric customers in Consumers  service territory to buy electric generation service from alternative electric suppliers in an aggregate amount up to ten percent of Consumers  weather-adjusted retail sales for the preceding calendar year. At September 30, 2016, electric deliveries under the ROA program were at the ten-percent limit and alternative electric suppliers were providing 748 MW of generation service to ROA customers. Of Consumers  1.8 million electric customers, 302 customers, or 0.02 percent, purchased electric generation service under the ROA program.  
     
   Michigan Energy Policy:    In 2015, Michigan s governor outlined several key goals for the state s energy policy, with a focus on increasing the use of clean energy sources, reducing Michigan s reliance on coal, deploying smart meters, investing in the power grid and pipeline system, eliminating energy waste, and ensuring affordable, reliable, and adaptable energy while protecting the environment. The Michigan Senate and House of Representatives are considering two separate but similar pieces of legislation to address energy policy. Consumers is unable to predict the form and timing of any final legislation. While most of the proposed changes represent potential benefits to Consumers  customers, Consumers  business plan assumes no changes to the existing law.  
     
  In September 2016, Michigan s governor and MISO announced that MISO will submit a proposal to FERC in November 2016 that would impose capacity requirements on alternative electric suppliers operating in Michigan. Under the joint proposal, alternative electric suppliers would be required to procure enough capacity to cover their anticipated requirements for the subsequent three-year period. If the alternative electric supplier did not procure enough capacity, its customers would then pay a capacity charge set by the MPSC. The capacity charge would be determined in a separate proceeding in 2017, should FERC approve MISO s proposal. Consumers cannot predict the outcome of this proposal.  
     
   Electric Rate Matters:    Rate matters are critical to Consumers  electric utility business. For additional details on rate matters, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters.  
     
   FERC Transmission Order:    In September 2016, FERC issued an order reducing the rate of return on equity earned by transmission owners operating within MISO to a base of 10.32 percent from 12.38 percent. FERC ordered MISO and transmission owners to provide refunds, with interest, to transmission customers such as Consumers for the period from November 2013 through February 2015. Consumers would return to its electric customers any refund it received as a result of this order, which is subject to further legal proceedings.  
     
  As a transmission owner since April 2016, Consumers would provide no refund to its transmission customers. In addition, Consumers is eligible for a 50-basis-point increase to its transmission return on equity as a transmission-owning member of MISO.  
     
   Electric Environmental Outlook:    Consumers  operations are subject to various state and federal environmental laws and regulations. Consumers estimates that it will incur capital expenditures of $0.6 billion from 2016 through 2020 to continue to comply with the Clean Air Act, Clean Water Act, and numerous state and federal environmental regulations. Consumers expects to recover these costs in customer rates, but cannot guarantee this result. Consumers  primary environmental compliance focus includes, but is not limited to, the following matters.  
     
   Air Quality:    CSAPR, which became effective in January 2015, requires Michigan and 27 other states to improve air quality by reducing power plant emissions that, according to EPA computer models, contribute to ground-level ozone and fine particle pollution in other downwind states. In September 2016, the EPA finalized new ozone season standards for CSAPR, which will begin in May 2017. Consumers expects its emissions to be within the CSAPR allowance allocations.  
     
 28   

Table of Contents   
     
  In 2012, the EPA published emission standards for electric generating units, based on Section 112 of the Clean Air Act, calling the final rule MATS. Under MATS, all of Consumers  existing coal-fueled electric generating units were required to add additional controls for hazardous air pollutants. Consumers met the extended deadline of April 2016 for five coal-fueled units and two oil/gas-fueled units it continues to operate and retired its seven remaining coal-fueled units. MATS is presently being litigated, but any decision is not expected to impact Consumers  MATS compliance strategy. In addition, Consumers must still comply with the Michigan Mercury Rule and with its settlement agreement with the EPA entered into in November 2014 concerning opacity and NSR.  
     
  In October 2015, the EPA released its new rule to lower the NAAQS for ozone. The new ozone NAAQS will make it more difficult to construct or modify power plants in many areas of the country, including some parts of Michigan, if the areas are designated to be in nonattainment of the new standard. Consumers is monitoring the designation process of this rule to determine what, if any, effect it will have on its electric generating units.  
     
  Consumers  strategy to comply with air quality regulations, including CSAPR, NAAQS, and MATS, involved the installation of emission control equipment at some facilities and the suspension of operations at others; however, Consumers continues to evaluate these rules in conjunction with other EPA rulemakings, litigation, and congressional action. This evaluation could result in:  
     
                        a change in Consumers  fuel mix  
                        changes in how certain units are used  
                        the retirement, mothballing, or repowering with an alternative fuel of some of Consumers  generating units  
                        changes in Consumers  environmental compliance costs  
     
   Greenhouse Gases:    There have been numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives at the state, regional, national, and international levels that involve the potential regulation of greenhouse gases. Consumers continues to monitor and comment on these initiatives and to follow litigation involving greenhouse gases. Consumers believes Congress may eventually pass greenhouse gas legislation, but is unable to predict the form and timing of any final legislation.  
     
  In August 2015, the EPA finalized new rules pursuant to Section 111(b) of the Clean Air Act to limit carbon dioxide emissions from new electric generating units. New coal-fueled units will not be able to meet this limit without installing carbon dioxide control equipment using such methods as carbon capture and sequestration. Also in August 2015, the EPA finalized new rules pursuant to Section 111(b) of the Clean Air Act to limit carbon dioxide emissions from modified or reconstructed electric generating units. Both of these rules are being litigated.  
     
  In October 2015, the EPA published final rules pursuant to Section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act to limit carbon dioxide emissions from existing electric generating units, calling the rules the  Clean Power Plan.  Certain states, corporations, and industry groups have initiated litigation opposing the proposed Clean Power Plan. In February 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court stayed the Clean Power Plan while the litigation proceeds. While Michigan s Attorney General has joined the litigation, the governor had indicated that Michigan intended to file a state carbon implementation plan, which was to be submitted for EPA review and approval in 2018. Work on this plan has ceased, however, in light of the stay of the Clean Power Plan and pending outcome of the litigation.  
     
  The rules would require a 32 percent nationwide reduction in carbon emissions from existing power plants by 2030 (based on 2005 levels). Initial state implementation plans would have been due September 2016 with extensions available until 2018. It is expected that these deadlines will be extended as a result of the rules being stayed. States choosing not to develop their own implementation plans would be subject to the federal plan.  
     
 29   

Table of Contents   
     
  In December 2015, a group of 195 countries finalized the Paris Agreement, which governs carbon dioxide reduction measures beginning in 2020. As part of this agreement, the United States pledged a 26 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2025 (with aspirations to achieve a 28 percent reduction) compared with 2005 levels. These targets are in line with the now-stayed Clean Power Plan targets. While these emission reduction commitments are non-binding, they will be governed by the Clean Power Plan should it survive judicial scrutiny.  
     
  Consumers believes that it is favorably positioned to deal with the impact of carbon regulation through its clean energy plan, its present carbon reduction target, and its emphasis on supply diversity. Consumers cannot, however, predict the outcome of these EPA rules in court, or of Michigan s potential implementation plan. Consumers will continue to monitor regulatory activity regarding greenhouse gas emissions standards that may affect electric generating units.  
     
  Litigation, as well as federal laws, EPA regulations regarding greenhouse gases, or similar treaties, state laws, or rules, if enacted or ratified, could require Consumers to replace equipment, install additional emission control equipment, purchase emission allowances, curtail operations, arrange for alternative sources of supply, or take other steps to manage or lower the emission of greenhouse gases. Although associated capital or operating costs relating to greenhouse gas regulation or legislation could be material and cost recovery cannot be assured, Consumers expects to recover these costs and capital expenditures in rates consistent with the recovery of other reasonable costs of complying with environmental laws and regulations.  
     
   CCRs:    In April 2015, the EPA published a final rule regulating CCRs, such as coal ash, under the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976. The final rule adopts minimum standards for beneficially reusing and disposing of non-hazardous CCRs. The rule establishes new minimum requirements for site location, groundwater monitoring, flood protection, storm water design, fugitive dust control, and public disclosure of information. The rule also sets out conditions under which CCR units would be forced to cease receiving CCR and non-CCR waste and initiate closure based on the inability to achieve minimum safety standards, meet a location standard, or meet minimum groundwater standards. Consumers continues to develop work plans for submission to the MDEQ for concurrence to ensure coordination between federal and state requirements. As a result, Consumers may need to adjust its recorded asset retirement obligation associated with coal ash disposal sites depending on the outcome of its submissions to the MDEQ.  
     
   Water:    The EPA s rule to regulate existing electric generating plant cooling water intake systems under Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act became effective in October 2014. The rule is aimed at reducing alleged harmful impacts on fish and shellfish. In November 2015, the EPA released its final effluent limitation guidelines, which set stringent new requirements for the discharge from electric generating units into wastewater streams. Consumers believes its environmental strategy will allow it to achieve compliance with these final rules.  
     
  In June 2015, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers published a final rule redefining  waters of the United States,  which designates the EPA s jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act. Numerous states and other interested parties, including Michigan s Attorney General, have filed suits in federal courts to block the rule, which was stayed in October 2015, and that litigation remains pending. Consumers does not expect any adverse changes to its environmental strategy as a result of the final rule.  
     
  Many of Consumers  facilities maintain NPDES permits, which are valid for five years and vital to the facilities  operations. Failure of the MDEQ to renew any NPDES permit, a successful appeal against a permit, or onerous terms contained in a permit could have a significant detrimental effect on the operations of a facility.  
     
 30   

Table of Contents   
     
   PCBs:    In 2010, the EPA issued an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, indicating that it is considering a variety of regulatory actions with respect to PCBs. One approach would aim to phase out equipment containing PCBs by 2025. Another approach would eliminate an exemption for small equipment containing PCBs. To comply with any such regulatory actions, Consumers could incur substantial costs associated with existing electrical equipment potentially containing PCBs. A proposed rule is expected in 2017.  
     
  Other electric environmental matters could have a material impact on Consumers  outlook. For additional details on other electric environmental matters, see Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments Consumers Electric Utility Contingencies Electric Environmental Matters.  
     
  Consumers Gas Utility Outlook and Uncertainties  
     
   Gas Deliveries:    Consumers expects weather-adjusted gas deliveries in 2016 to increase by about two percent compared with 2015. Over the next five years, Consumers plans conservatively for stable deliveries. This outlook reflects modest growth in gas demand offset by the predicted effects of energy efficiency and conservation. Actual delivery levels from year to year may vary from this expectation due to:  
     
                        weather fluctuations  
                        use by power producers  
                        availability and development of renewable energy sources  
                        gas price changes  
                        Michigan economic conditions, including population trends and housing activity  
                        the price of competing energy sources or fuels  
                        energy efficiency and conservation impacts  
     
   Gas Rate Matters:    Rate matters are critical to Consumers  gas utility business. For details on rate matters, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters.  
     
   Gas Rate Case:    In August 2016, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of $90 million, based on a 10.6 percent authorized return on equity. The largest component of the request is an annual revenue requirement of $84 million related to new investments that will allow Consumers to strengthen infrastructure and improve system capacity and deliverability.  
     
  The filing also seeks approval of two rate adjustment mechanisms: one that would reconcile annually Consumers  actual nonfuel revenues with the revenues approved by the MPSC, and another that would provide for additional annual rate increases of $35 million beginning in 2018 and another $35 million beginning in 2019 for incremental investments that Consumers plans to make in those years, subject to reconciliation  . These future investments are intended to help ensure adequate system capacity and deliverability.  
     
   Depreciation Rate Case:    In August 2016, Consumers filed a depreciation rate case related to its gas utility property, requesting to decrease depreciation expense by $3 million annually.  
     
   Gas Pipeline Safety   : In October 2016, the U.S. Department of Transportation s Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration published a final rule that will require the installation of additional safety valves on certain gas distribution service lines beginning in 2017. Consumers is evaluating the cost of complying with this rule, but expects that it will be able to recover the cost in rates, consistent with the recovery of other reasonable costs of complying with laws and regulations.  
     
 31   

Table of Contents   
     
   Gas Environmental Outlook:    Consumers expects to incur response activity costs at a number of sites, including 23 former MGP sites. For additional details, see Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments Consumers Gas Utility Contingencies Gas Environmental Matters.  
     
  Enterprises Outlook and Uncertainties  
     
  The primary focus with respect to CMS Energy s non-utility businesses is to optimize cash flow and maximize the value of their generating assets, which represent 1,077 MW of capacity.  
     
  Trends, uncertainties, and other matters that could have a material impact on CMS Energy s consolidated income, cash flows, or financial position include:  
     
                        changes in energy and capacity prices  
                        changes in commodity prices and interest rates on certain derivative contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting and must be marked to market through earnings  
                        changes in various environmental laws, regulations, principles, or practices, or in their interpretation  
                        the outcome of certain legal proceedings  
                        indemnity and environmental remediation obligations at Bay Harbor  
                        obligations related to a tax claim from the government of Equatorial Guinea  
                        representations, warranties, and indemnities provided by CMS Energy in connection with previous sales of assets  
     
  For additional details regarding the enterprises segment s uncertainties, see Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments.  
     
  Other Outlook and Uncertainties  
     
   EnerBank:    EnerBank is a Utah state-chartered, FDIC-insured industrial bank providing unsecured consumer installment loans for financing home improvements. EnerBank represented four percent of CMS Energy s net assets at September 30, 2016 and five percent of CMS Energy s net income available to common stockholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The carrying value of EnerBank s loan portfolio was $1.2 billion at September 30, 2016. Its loan portfolio was funded primarily by certificates of deposit of $1.2 billion. The twelve-month rolling average net default rate on loans held by EnerBank was 0.8 percent at September 30, 2016. CMS Energy is required both by law and by contract to provide financial support, including infusing additional capital, to ensure that EnerBank satisfies mandated capital requirements and has sufficient liquidity to operate. With its self-funding plan, EnerBank has exceeded these requirements historically and exceeded them as of September 30, 2016.  
     
   Employee Separation Program:    In June 2016, CMS Energy and Consumers announced a voluntary separation program for non-union employees. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, CMS Energy and Consumers recorded a charge of $11 million related to this program, under which 176 employees accepted and were approved for early separation. After hiring replacements for certain positions, CMS Energy and Consumers expect a net reduction of 140 employees. This will result in future cost savings, as employee staffing levels will be better matched to workload demand, which reflects CMS Energy s and Consumers  ongoing productivity and quality improvements.  
     
   Litigation:    CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain of their subsidiaries are named as parties in various litigation matters, as well as in administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental agencies, arising in the ordinary course of business. For additional details regarding these and other legal matters, see Note 2, Regulatory Matters and Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments.  
     
 32   

Table of Contents   
     
   NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS   
     
  For details regarding new accounting standards issued but not yet effective, see Note 1, New Accounting Standards.  
     
 33   

Table of Contents   
     
  CMS Energy Corporation  
   Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   
     
 34   

Table of Contents   
     
  CMS Energy Corporation  
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   
     
 35   

Table of Contents   
     
  (This page intentionally left blank)  
     
 36   

Table of Contents   
     
  CMS Energy Corporation  
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   
     
 37   

Table of Contents   
     
  CMS Energy Corporation  
   Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)     
     
   ASSETS   

38   

Table of Contents   
     
   LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   
     
 39   

Table of Contents   
     
  CMS Energy Corporation  
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited)     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   
     
 40   

Table of Contents   
     
  (This page intentionally left blank)  
     
 41   

Table of Contents   
     
  Consumers Energy Company  
   Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   
     
 42   

Table of Contents   
     
  Consumers Energy Company  
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   
     
 43   

Table of Contents   
     
  (This page intentionally left blank)  
     
 44   

Table of Contents   
     
  Consumers Energy Company  
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)     

In Millions        

Nine Months   Ended September 30       

2016       

2015       

Cash   Flows from Operating Activities        

Net income       

$       
 
  499       

$       
 
  459       

Adjustments   to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities        

Depreciation and   amortization       

592       

560       

Deferred income   taxes and investment tax credit       

220       

33       

Other non-cash   operating activities       

45       

116       

Cash   provided by (used in) changes in assets and liabilities        

Accounts   receivable, notes receivable, and accrued revenue       

72       

221       

Inventories       

35       

53       

Accounts payable   and accrued refunds       

(31       
 
  )       
 
  (30       
 
  )           

Other current   and non-current assets and liabilities       

(144       
 
  )       
 
  15       

Net cash   provided by operating activities       

1,288       

1,427       

Cash   Flows from Investing Activities        

Capital expenditures   (excludes assets placed under capital lease)       

(1,214       
 
  )       
 
  (1,093       
 
  )           

Cost to retire   property and other investing activities       

(95       
 
  )       
 
  (93       
 
  )           

Net cash used in   investing activities       

(1,309       
 
  )       
 
  (1,186       
 
  )           

Cash   Flows from Financing Activities        

Proceeds from   issuance of long-term debt       

446       

-       

Stockholder   contribution       

275       

150       

Payment of   dividends on common and preferred stock       

(362       
 
  )       
 
  (360       
 
  )           

Retirement of   long-term debt       

(185       
 
  )       
 
  (48       
 
  )           

Increase   (decrease) in notes payable       

(174       
 
  )       
 
  8       

Payment of   capital lease obligations and other financing costs       

(8       
 
  )       
 
  (19       
 
  )           

Net cash used in   financing activities       

(8       
 
  )       
 
  (269       
 
  )           

Net   Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents        

(29       
 
  )       
 
  (28       
 
  )           

Cash   and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period        

50       

71       

Cash   and Cash Equivalents, End of Period        

$       
 
  21       

$       
 
  43       

Other   non-cash investing and financing activities        

Non-cash   transactions        

Capital expenditures not paid       

$       
 
  145       

$       
 
  147       

Note receivable recorded for future refund of use   taxes paid and capitalized       

29       

-       

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   
     
 45   

Table of Contents   
     
  Consumers Energy Company  
   Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)     
     
   ASSETS   

46   

Table of Contents   
     
   LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   
     
 47   

Table of Contents   
     
  Consumers Energy Company  
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited)     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   
     
 48   

Table of Contents   
     
  CMS Energy Corporation  
  Consumers Energy Company  
   Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements     
     
  These interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared by CMS Energy and Consumers in accordance with GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. As a result, CMS Energy and Consumers have condensed or omitted certain information and note disclosures normally included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. CMS Energy and Consumers have reclassified certain prior period amounts to conform to the presentation in the current period. In management s opinion, the unaudited information contained in this report reflects all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary to ensure the fair presentation of financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented. The notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements and the related unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in the 2015 Form 10-K. Due to the seasonal nature of CMS Energy s and Consumers  operations, the results presented for this interim period are not necessarily indicative of results to be achieved for the fiscal year.  
     
   1:                          NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS   
     
  Implementation of New Accounting Standards  
     
   ASU 2014-12, Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period:    This standard, which was effective on January 1, 2016 for CMS Energy and Consumers, addresses stock awards with performance targets that can be met after an employee has completed the required service period. The standard was issued to resolve diversity in practice regarding the accounting treatment for this type of award. Under the new guidance, the probability of the performance target being met should be factored into compensation expense each period. This guidance is consistent with the accounting that CMS Energy and Consumers already applied to awards of this type. Therefore, the standard had no impact on CMS Energy s or Consumers  consolidated financial statements.  
     
   ASU 2015-02, Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis:    This standard, which was effective on January 1, 2016 for CMS Energy and Consumers, provides amended guidance on whether reporting entities should consolidate certain legal entities, including limited partnerships. CMS Energy and Consumers determined that the standard does not change any of their consolidation conclusions or have any impact on their consolidated income, cash flows, or financial position.  
     
   ASU 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs:    This standard, which was effective on January 1, 2016 for CMS Energy and Consumers, requires that debt issuance costs be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of long-term debt on the balance sheet. Previously, debt issuance costs were reported as an asset. The new guidance aligns the presentation of debt issuance costs with debt discounts and premiums. In accordance with the standard, CMS Energy included $44 million and Consumers included $25 million of unamortized debt issuance costs in long-term debt on their consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016. In addition, this standard requires that companies apply the new guidance retrospectively to all prior periods presented. Accordingly, CMS Energy reclassified $41 million and Consumers reclassified $23 million of unamortized debt issuance costs from other non-current assets to long-term debt on their consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2015.  
     
 49   

Table of Contents   
     
   ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting:    This standard was issued to simplify and improve the accounting for employee share-based payment awards. The standard will be effective on January 1, 2017 for CMS Energy and Consumers, but early adoption is permitted. CMS Energy and Consumers elected to adopt the standard as of January 1, 2016. The standard requires all excess tax benefits and deficiencies that occur upon vesting of employee stock awards to be recognized in net income. Previously, CMS Energy and Consumers did not record excess tax benefits on restricted stock awards in net income but, under this standard, CMS Energy and Consumers recorded $7 million of excess tax benefits in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Also, in accordance with the standard, CMS Energy recorded a $33 million cumulative adjustment to its accumulated deficit at January 1, 2016. This amount represented excess federal tax benefits that CMS Energy had not recognized in prior periods due to the use of tax loss carryforwards. The implementation of this standard had no other major impacts on CMS Energy s or Consumers  consolidated financial statements.  
     
  New Accounting Standards Not Yet Effective    
     
   ASU 2014-09,     Revenue from Contracts with Customers:    This standard, which will become effective January 1, 2018 for CMS Energy and Consumers, provides new guidance for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. A primary objective of the standard is to provide a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model that will be applied across entities, industries, and capital markets. The new guidance will replace most of the existing revenue recognition requirements in GAAP, although certain guidance specific to rate-regulated utilities will be retained. Entities will have the option to apply the standard retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or to apply it retrospectively only to contracts existing at the effective date, with the cumulative effect of the standard recorded as an adjustment to beginning retained earnings. CMS Energy and Consumers are evaluating the impact of the standard on their consolidated financial statements.  
     
   ASU 2016-01, Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities:    This standard, which will be effective January 1, 2018 for CMS Energy and Consumers, is intended to improve the accounting for financial instruments. The standard will require investments in equity securities to be measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in net income, except for certain investments such as those that qualify for equity-method accounting. The standard will no longer permit unrealized gains and losses for certain equity investments to be recorded in AOCI. CMS Energy and Consumers presently record unrealized gains and losses on certain equity investments, including the mutual funds in the DB SERP and Consumers  investment in CMS Energy common stock, in AOCI. For further details on these investments, see Note 6, Financial Instruments. Entities will apply the standard using a modified retrospective approach, with a cumulative-effect adjustment recorded to beginning retained earnings on the effective date.  
     
   ASU 2016-02, Leases:    This standard, which will be effective January 1, 2019 for CMS Energy and Consumers, establishes a new accounting model for leases. The standard will require companies to recognize lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for all leases with a term of more than one year, including operating leases, which are not recorded on the balance sheet under existing standards. The new guidance will also amend the definition of a lease to require that a lessee control the use of a specified asset, and not simply control or take the output of the asset. On the income statement, leases that meet existing capital lease criteria will generally be accounted for under a financing model, while operating leases will generally be accounted for under a straight-line expense model. CMS Energy and Consumers are evaluating the impact of the standard on their consolidated financial statements.  
     
   ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments:    This standard, which will be effective January 1, 2020 for CMS Energy and Consumers, provides new guidance for estimating and recording credit losses on financial instruments. The standard will apply to the recognition of loan losses  
     
 50   

Table of Contents   
     
  at EnerBank as well as to the recognition of uncollectible accounts expense at Consumers. CMS Energy and Consumers are evaluating the impact of the standard on their consolidated financial statements.  
     
   ASU 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments:    This standard provides guidance on how certain cash receipts and cash payments should be classified in the statement of cash flows, with the objective of reducing diversity in practice. The standard addresses various cash flow issues, including the classification of debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs. Under the new guidance, these costs, including premiums paid, will be classified as cash flows from financing activities. CMS Energy and Consumers presently classify premiums paid to retire debt early as cash flows from operating activities, but will classify these payments as cash flows from financing activities under this guidance. CMS Energy and Consumers do not expect the other issues addressed in this standard to have a major impact on their consolidated financial statements. The standard will be effective on January 1, 2018 for CMS Energy and Consumers, but early adoption is permitted. The standard is to be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented, unless impracticable. CMS Energy and Consumers are considering adopting this standard early.  
     
   2:                          REGULATORY MATTERS     
     
  Regulatory matters are critical to Consumers. The Michigan Attorney General, ABATE, the MPSC Staff, and certain other parties typically participate in MPSC proceedings concerning Consumers, such as Consumers  rate cases and PSCR and GCR processes. These parties often challenge various aspects of those proceedings, including the prudence of Consumers  policies and practices, and seek cost disallowances and other relief. The parties also have appealed significant MPSC orders. Depending upon the specific issues, the outcomes of rate cases and proceedings, including judicial proceedings challenging MPSC orders or other actions, could negatively affect CMS Energy s and Consumers  liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Consumers cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.  
     
  There are multiple appeals pending that involve various issues concerning cost recovery from customers, the adequacy of the record evidence supporting the recovery of Smart Energy investments, and other matters. Consumers is unable to predict the outcome of these appeals.  
     
   2014 Electric Rate Case:    In December 2014, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of $163 million, and in June 2015, Consumers self-implemented an annual rate increase of $110 million, subject to refund with interest. The MPSC issued an order in November 2015, authorizing an annual rate increase of $165 million, based on a 10.3 percent authorized rate of return on equity. In April 2016, upon the retirement of seven coal-fueled electric generating units, the annual rate increase was reduced to $126 million.  
     
  In February 2016, Consumers filed a reconciliation of total revenues collected during self-implementation to those that would have been collected under final rates. In June 2016, the MPSC approved a settlement agreement that resulted in a $1 million refund to customers.  
     
 51   

Table of Contents   
     
   2016 Electric Rate Case:    In March 2016, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of $225 million, based on a 10.7 percent authorized return on equity. The filing requested authority to recover new investment in system reliability, environmental compliance, and technology enhancements. Presented in the following table are the components of the requested increase in revenue:  

In Millions        

Components of   the rate increase       

Investment in   rate base       

$       
 
  161       

Operating and   maintenance costs       

21       

Gross margin       

17       

Cost of capital       

15       

Working capital       

11       

Total       

$       
 
  225       

The filing also seeks approval of an investment recovery mechanism that would provide for additional annual rate increases of $38 million beginning in 2017, $92 million beginning in 2018, and $92 million beginning in 2019 for incremental investments that Consumers plans to make in those years, subject to reconciliation.  
     
  In September 2016, Consumers   self-implemented an annual rate increase of $170 million, subject to refund with interest. Consumers had a recorded reserve for customer refunds at September 30, 2016 that it believes is adequate.  
     
   Gas Rate Case:    In July 2015, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of $85 million, based on a 10.7 percent authorized return on equity. In January 2016, Consumers self-implemented an annual rate increase of $60 million, subject to refund with interest. In April 2016, the MPSC approved a settlement agreement authorizing a $40 million annual rate increase.  
     
  In July 2016, Consumers filed a reconciliation of total revenues collected during self-implementation to those that would have been collected under final rates. The reconciliation indicated that a $10 million refund would be required, which Consumers had recorded as a reserve for customer refunds at September 30, 2016.  
     
   Energy Optimization Plan Incentive:    In September 2016, the MPSC approved a settlement agreement authorizing Consumers   to collect $18 million during 2017 as an incentive for exceeding its statutory savings targets in 2015 and for achieving certain other goals. Consumers recognized incentive revenue under this program of $18 million in 2015.  
     
   Electric Transmission    :    Consumers became registered under NERC standards as a transmission owner, transmission planner, and transmission operator in October 2015. Consumers had previously received approval from the MPSC in 2014 and FERC in 2015 to reclassify $34 million of net plant assets from distribution to transmission. In March 2016, Consumers received FERC approval to begin collecting transmission revenues under MISO s transmission tariff effective April 2016. Consumers completed the reclassification of plant assets from distribution to transmission in April 2016.  
     
  In a separate matter, in February 2015, METC notified Consumers that the reclassified assets need to be conveyed by Consumers to METC under the terms of the DTIA. Consumers disagrees with METC s interpretation of the provisions of the DTIA. The parties remain in dispute resolution.  
     
  In April 2016, METC filed a formal challenge to Consumers  transmission revenue requirement calculation filed at FERC. METC claims that Consumers  annual transmission revenue requirement should be reduced from $9 million to $6 million. Consumers is disputing METC s claim at FERC.  
     
 52   

Table of Contents   
     
   2016 PSCR Plan:    In October 2016, the MPSC approved Consumers  2016 PSCR plan, with the exception of the recovery of litigation costs related to a complaint that Consumers filed against a rail transportation company. In its order, the MPSC indicated that this expense could be included for consideration in a general rate case. In connection with this disallowance, Consumers recognized, in September 2016, a charge of $6 million related to litigation costs incurred during 2015 and 2016.  
     
   3:                          CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS     
     
  CMS Energy and Consumers are involved in various matters that give rise to contingent liabilities. Depending on the specific issues, the resolution of these contingencies could negatively affect CMS Energy s and Consumers  liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. In their disclosures of these matters, CMS Energy and Consumers provide an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss when such an estimate can be made. Disclosures that state that CMS Energy or Consumers cannot predict the outcome of a matter indicate that they are unable to estimate a possible loss or range of loss for the matter.  
     
  CMS Energy Contingencies  
     
   Gas Index Price Reporting Litigation:    CMS Energy, along with CMS MST, CMS Field Services, Cantera Natural Gas, Inc., and Cantera Gas Company, have been named as defendants in four class action lawsuits and one individual lawsuit arising as a result of alleged inaccurate natural gas price reporting to publications that report trade information. Allegations include price-fixing conspiracies, restraint of trade, and artificial inflation of natural gas retail prices in Kansas, Missouri, and Wisconsin. Plaintiffs are making claims for the following: treble damages, full consideration damages, exemplary damages, costs, interest, and/or attorneys  fees.  
     
  After removal to federal court, all of the cases were transferred to a single federal district court pursuant to the multidistrict litigation process. In 2010 and 2011, all claims against CMS Energy defendants were dismissed by the district court based on FERC preemption. Plaintiffs filed appeals in all of the cases. The issues on appeal were whether the district court erred in dismissing the cases based on FERC preemption and denying the plaintiffs  motions for leave to amend their complaints to add a federal Sherman Act antitrust claim.  
     
  In 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed the district court decision. The appellate court found that FERC preemption does not apply under the facts of these cases. The appellate court affirmed the district court s denial of leave to amend to add federal antitrust claims. The matter was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, which in 2015 upheld the Ninth Circuit s decision. The cases were remanded back to the federal district court. In May 2016, the federal district court granted the defendants  motion for summary judgment in the individual lawsuit based on a release in a prior settlement involving similar allegations and reinstated CMS Energy as a defendant in one of the class action lawsuits. Other CMS Energy entities remain as defendants in all four remaining class action lawsuits.  
     
  These cases involve complex facts, a large number of similarly situated defendants with different factual positions, and multiple jurisdictions. Presently, any estimate of liability would be highly speculative; the amount of CMS Energy s reasonably possible loss would be based on widely varying models previously untested in this context. If the outcome after appeals is unfavorable, these cases could negatively affect CMS Energy s liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.  
     
   Bay Harbor:    CMS Land retained environmental remediation obligations for the collection and treatment of leachate, a liquid consisting of water and other substances, at Bay Harbor after selling its interests in the development in 2002. Leachate is produced when water enters into cement kiln dust piles left over from former cement plant operations at the site. In 2012, CMS Land and the MDEQ finalized an agreement that established the final remedies and the future water quality criteria at the site. CMS Land  
     
 53   

Table of Contents   
     
  completed all construction necessary to implement the remedies required by the agreement and will continue to maintain and operate a system to discharge treated leachate into Little Traverse Bay under an NPDES permit issued in 2010 and renewed in October 2016. The renewed NPDES permit is valid through September 2020.  
     
  Various claims have been brought against CMS Land or its affiliates, including CMS Energy, alleging environmental damage to property, loss of property value, insufficient disclosure of environmental matters, breach of agreement relating to access, or other matters. CMS Land and other parties have received a demand for payment from the EPA in the amount of $8 million, plus interest. The EPA is seeking recovery under CERCLA of response costs allegedly incurred at Bay Harbor. These costs exceed what was agreed to in a 2005 order between CMS Land and the EPA, and CMS Land has communicated to the EPA that it does not believe that this is a valid claim. The EPA has filed a lawsuit to collect these costs.  
     
  At September 30, 2016, CMS Energy had a recorded liability of $52 million for its remaining obligations. CMS Energy calculated this liability based on discounted projected costs, using a discount rate of 4.34 percent and an inflation rate of one percent on annual operating and maintenance costs. The undiscounted amount of the remaining obligation is $67 million. CMS Energy expects to pay the following amounts for long-term liquid disposal and operating and maintenance costs in 2016 and in each of the next four years:  

CMS Energy s estimate of response activity costs and the timing of expenditures could change if there are changes in circumstances or assumptions used in calculating the liability. Although a liability for its present estimate of remaining response activity costs has been recorded, CMS Energy cannot predict the ultimate financial impact or outcome of this matter.  
     
   Equatorial Guinea Tax Claim:    In 2002, CMS Energy sold its oil, gas, and methanol investments in Equatorial Guinea. The government of Equatorial Guinea claims that CMS Energy owes $152 million in taxes, plus significant penalties and interest, in connection with the sale. The matter is proceeding to formal arbitration. CMS Energy has concluded that the government s tax claim is without merit and is contesting the claim, but cannot predict the financial impact or outcome of the matter. An unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy s liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.  
     
  Consumers Electric Utility Contingencies  
     
   Electric Environmental Matters:    Consumers  operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations. Historically, Consumers has generally been able to recover, in customer rates, the costs to operate its facilities in compliance with these laws and regulations.  
     
   Cleanup and Solid Waste:    Consumers expects to incur remediation and other response activity costs at a number of sites under the NREPA. Consumers believes that these costs should be recoverable in rates, but cannot guarantee that outcome. Consumers estimates that its liability for NREPA sites for which it can estimate a range of loss will be between $3 million and $4 million. At September 30, 2016, Consumers had a recorded liability of $3 million, the minimum amount in the range of its estimated probable NREPA liability.  
     
 54   

Table of Contents   
     
  Consumers is a potentially responsible party at a number of contaminated sites administered under CERCLA. CERCLA liability is joint and several. In 2010, Consumers received official notification from the EPA that identified Consumers as a potentially responsible party for cleanup of PCBs at the Kalamazoo River CERCLA site. The notification claimed that the EPA has reason to believe that Consumers disposed of PCBs and arranged for the disposal and treatment of PCB-containing materials at portions of the site. In 2011, Consumers received a follow-up letter from the EPA requesting that Consumers agree to participate in a removal action plan along with several other companies for an area of lower Portage Creek, which is connected to the Kalamazoo River. All parties, including Consumers, that were asked to participate in the removal action plan declined to accept liability. Until further information is received from the EPA, Consumers is unable to estimate a range of potential liability for cleanup of the river.  
     
  Based on its experience, Consumers estimates that its share of the total liability for known CERCLA sites will be between $3 million and $8 million. Various factors, including the number and creditworthiness of potentially responsible parties involved with each site, affect Consumers  share of the total liability. At September 30, 2016, Consumers had a recorded liability of $3 million for its share of the total liability at these sites, the minimum amount in the range of its estimated probable CERCLA liability.  
     
  The timing of payments related to Consumers  remediation and other response activities at its CERCLA and NREPA sites is uncertain. Consumers periodically reviews these cost estimates. A change in the underlying assumptions, such as an increase in the number of sites, different remediation techniques, the nature and extent of contamination, and legal and regulatory requirements, could affect its estimates of NREPA and CERCLA liability.  
     
   Ludington PCB:    In 1998, during routine maintenance activities, Consumers identified PCB as a component in certain paint, grout, and sealant materials at Ludington. Consumers removed part of the PCB material and replaced it with non-PCB material. Consumers has had several communications with the EPA regarding this matter. Consumers cannot predict the financial impact or outcome of this matter.  
     
  Consumers Gas Utility Contingencies  
     
   Gas Environmental Matters:    Consumers expects to incur remediation and other response activity costs at a number of sites under the NREPA. These sites include 23 former MGP facilities. Consumers operated the facilities on these sites for some part of their operating lives. For some of these sites, Consumers has no present ownership interest or may own only a portion of the original site.  
     
  At September 30, 2016, Consumers had a recorded liability of $108 million for its remaining obligations for these sites. This amount represents the present value of long-term projected costs, using a discount rate of 2.57 percent and an inflation rate of 2.5 percent. The undiscounted amount of the remaining obligation is $118 million. Consumers expects to pay the following amounts for remediation and other response activity costs in 2016 and in each of the next four years:  

Consumers periodically reviews these cost estimates. Any significant change in the underlying assumptions, such as an increase in the number of sites, changes in remediation techniques, or legal and regulatory requirements, could affect Consumers  estimates of annual response activity costs and the MGP liability.  
     
 55   

Table of Contents   
     
  Pursuant to orders issued by the MPSC, Consumers defers its MGP-related remediation costs and recovers them from its customers over a ten-year period. At September 30, 2016, Consumers had a regulatory asset of $140 million related to the MGP sites.  
     
  Consumers estimates that its liability to perform remediation and other response activities at NREPA sites other than the MGP sites could reach $3 million. At September 30, 2016, Consumers had a recorded liability of less than $1 million, the minimum amount in the range of its estimated probable liability.  
     
  Guarantees  
     
  Presented in the following table are CMS Energy s and Consumers  guarantees at September 30, 2016:  

In Millions        

Maximum       

Carrying       

Guarantee   Description       

Issue Date       

Expiration Date       

Obligation       

Amount       

CMS Energy,   including Consumers        

Indemnity   obligations from stock and asset sales agreements  1       

Various       

Indefinite       

$       
 
  153       

$       
 
  7       

Guarantees  2       

Various       

Indefinite       

48       

-       

Consumers        

Gurarantee  2       

July 2011       

Indefinite       

$       
 
  30       

$       
 
  -       

1                      These obligations arose from stock and asset sale agreements under which CMS Energy or a subsidiary of CMS Energy indemnified the purchaser for losses resulting from various matters, primarily claims related to taxes. CMS Energy believes the likelihood of material loss to be remote for the indemnity obligations not recorded as liabilities. 
     
  2                      At Consumers, this obligation comprises a guarantee provided to the U.S. Department of Energy in connection with a settlement agreement regarding damages resulting from the department s failure to accept spent nuclear fuel from nuclear power plants formerly owned by Consumers. At CMS Energy, the guarantee obligations comprise Consumers  guarantee to the U.S. Department of Energy and CMS Energy s 1994 guarantee of non-recourse revenue bonds issued by Genesee. 
     
  Additionally, in the normal course of business, CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain other subsidiaries of CMS Energy have entered into various agreements containing tax and other indemnity provisions for which they are unable to estimate the maximum potential obligation. The current carrying value of these indemnity obligations is less than $1 million. CMS Energy and Consumers consider the likelihood that they would be required to perform or incur substantial losses related to these indemnities to be remote.  
     
  Other Contingencies  
     
   Michigan Sales and Use Tax Litigation:    In 2010, the Michigan Department of Treasury finalized a sales and use tax audit of Consumers for the period from October 1997 through December 2004. It determined that Consumers  electric distribution equipment and its natural gas system were not eligible for an industrial-processing exemption and therefore were subject to the use tax. Consumers paid the tax for the period from 1997 through 2004 and filed a claim in the Michigan Court of Claims disputing the tax determination. Consumers continued to apply the industrial-processing exemption for the years subsequent to 2004.  
     
  In December 2015 and June 2016, Consumers and the Michigan Department of Treasury reached settlement agreements under which the Michigan Department of Treasury will refund to Consumers $60 million of use tax that Consumers paid on its electric distribution equipment and its natural gas  
     
 56   

Table of Contents   
     
  system from 1997 through 2015. This amount comprises a $42 million refund of taxes paid, a $12 million refund of interest paid, and $6 million of interest owed to Consumers.  
     
  In June 2016, Consumers received $13 million of the total settlement amount and recorded a note receivable for the remainder, of which $30 million will be received in 2017 and $17 million in 2018. Also in June 2016, Consumers recorded a $4 million reduction in maintenance and other operating expenses, and a reduction in plant, property, and equipment for the portion of the taxes paid that had been capitalized as a cost of equipment. Consumers had previously recognized the effects of $37 million of the total settlement amount in its consolidated financial statements in December 2015.  
     
  Concurrently with the June 2016 sales and use tax settlement, CMS Energy reached agreement with the Michigan Department of Treasury on two other tax matters that were under dispute relating to Michigan single business tax and Michigan corporate income tax. As a result, CMS Energy recognized a $3 million reduction in income tax expense and a $3 million reduction in general taxes.  
     
   Other:    In addition to the matters disclosed in this Note and Note 2, Regulatory Matters, there are certain other lawsuits and administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental agencies arising in the ordinary course of business to which CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain other subsidiaries of CMS Energy are parties. These other lawsuits and proceedings may involve personal injury, property damage, contracts, environmental matters, federal and state taxes, rates, licensing, employment, and other matters. Further, CMS Energy and Consumers occasionally self-report certain regulatory non-compliance matters that may or may not eventually result in administrative proceedings. CMS Energy and Consumers believe that the outcome of any one of these proceedings will not have a material negative effect on their consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.  
     
   4:                          FINANCINGS AND CAPITALIZATION     
     
   Financings:    Presented in the following table is a summary of major long-term debt transactions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Term Loan:    In April 2016, CMS Energy reached an agreement to extend the maturity date of its $180 million term loan by one year, through April 2018.  
     
   Regulatory Authorization for Financings:    Consumers is required to maintain FERC authorization for financings. In June 2016, Consumers received authorization from FERC to have outstanding, at any one time, up to $800 million of secured and unsecured short-term securities for general corporate purposes. FERC also authorized Consumers to issue and sell up to $1.795 billion of secured and unsecured long-  
     
 57   

Table of Contents   
     
  term securities for general corporate purposes. The authorization was effective July 1, 2016 and will terminate on June 30, 2018.  
     
   Revolving Credit Facilities:    The following secured revolving credit facilities with banks were available at September 30, 2016:  

1                      In May 2016, the expiration date of this revolving credit agreement was extended from 2020 to 2021. 
     
  2                      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, CMS Energy s average borrowings totaled $3 million with a weighted-average interest rate of 1.68 percent. Obligations under this facility are secured by Consumers common stock. 
     
  3                      Obligations under this facility are secured by FMBs of Consumers. 
     
   Short-term Borrowings:    Under Consumers  commercial paper program, Consumers may issue, in one or more placements, commercial paper notes with maturities of up to 365 days and that bear interest at fixed or floating rates. These issuances are supported by Consumers  $650 million revolving credit facility and may have an aggregate principal amount outstanding of up to $500 million. While the amount of outstanding commercial paper does not reduce the revolver s available capacity, Consumers does not intend to issue commercial paper in an amount exceeding the available revolver capacity. At September 30, 2016, $75 million of commercial paper notes were outstanding under this program and are recorded as current notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets of CMS Energy and Consumers.  
     
   Dividend Restrictions:    At September 30, 2016, payment of dividends by CMS Energy on its common stock was limited to $4.3 billion under provisions of the Michigan Business Corporation Act of 1972.  
     
  Under the provisions of its articles of incorporation, at September 30, 2016, Consumers had $1.0 billion of unrestricted retained earnings available to pay dividends on its common stock to CMS Energy. Provisions of the Federal Power Act and the Natural Gas Act appear to restrict dividends payable by Consumers to the amount of Consumers  retained earnings. Several decisions from FERC suggest that under a variety of circumstances dividends from Consumers on its common stock would not be limited to amounts in Consumers  retained earnings. Any decision by Consumers to pay dividends on its common stock in excess of retained earnings would be based on specific facts and circumstances and would be subject to a formal regulatory filing process.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Consumers paid $361 million in dividends on its common stock to CMS Energy.  
     
 58   

Table of Contents   
     
   Issuance of Common Stock:    In April 2015, CMS Energy entered into an updated continuous equity offering program permitting it to sell, from time to time in  at the market  offerings, common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to $100 million. Presented in the following table are the transactions that CMS Energy entered into under the program:  

5:                          FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS     
     
  Accounting standards define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. When measuring fair value, CMS Energy and Consumers are required to incorporate all assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. A fair value hierarchy prioritizes inputs used to measure fair value according to their observability in the market. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:  
     
                        Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
     
                        Level 2 inputs are observable, market-based inputs, other than Level 1 prices. Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices in inactive markets, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.  
     
                        Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that reflect CMS Energy s or Consumers  own assumptions about how market participants would value their assets and liabilities.  
     
  CMS Energy and Consumers classify fair value measurements within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.  
     
 59   

Table of Contents   
     
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  
     
  Presented in the following table are CMS Energy s and Consumers  assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis:  

1                      All assets and liabilities were classified as Level 1 with the exception of some commodity contracts, which were classified as Level 3. 
     
   Cash Equivalents:    Cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents consist of money market funds with daily liquidity. Short-term debt instruments classified as cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets are not included since they are recorded at amortized cost.  
     
   Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan Assets and Liabilities:    The nonqualified deferred compensation plan assets consist of mutual funds, which are valued using daily quoted NAVs. CMS Energy and Consumers value their nonqualified deferred compensation plan liabilities based on the fair values of the plan assets, as they reflect what is owed to the plan participants in accordance with their investment elections. CMS Energy and Consumers report the assets in other non-current assets and the liabilities in other non-current liabilities on their consolidated balance sheets.  
     
   DB SERP Assets:    The DB SERP cash equivalents consist of a money market fund with daily liquidity. The DB SERP invests in mutual funds that hold primarily fixed-income instruments of varying maturities. In order to meet their investment objectives, the funds hold investment-grade debt securities and may invest a portion of their assets in high-yield securities, foreign debt, and derivative instruments. CMS Energy and Consumers value these funds using daily quoted NAVs. CMS Energy and Consumers report their DB SERP assets in other non-current assets on their consolidated balance sheets. For additional details about DB SERP securities, see Note 6, Financial Instruments.  
     
   Derivative Instruments:    CMS Energy and Consumers value their derivative instruments using either a market approach that incorporates information from market transactions, or an income approach that discounts future expected cash flows to a present value amount. CMS Energy values its exchange-traded  
     
 60   

Table of Contents   
     
  derivative contracts based on Level 1 quoted prices. CMS Energy s and Consumers  remaining derivatives are classified as Level 3.  
     
  The majority of these derivatives are FTRs held by Consumers. Consumers uses FTRs to manage price risk related to electricity transmission congestion. An FTR is a financial instrument that entitles its holder to receive compensation or requires its holder to remit payment for congestion-related transmission charges. Under regulatory accounting, all changes in fair value associated with FTRs are deferred as regulatory assets and liabilities until the instruments are settled. Due to the lack of quoted pricing information, Consumers determines the fair value of its FTRs based on Consumers  average historical settlements.  
     
   6:                          FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS     
     
  Presented in the following table are the carrying amounts and fair values, by level within the fair value hierarchy, of CMS Energy s and Consumers  financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value. The table does not include information on cash, cash equivalents, short-term accounts and notes receivable, short-term investments, and current liabilities since the carrying amounts of these items approximate their fair values because of their short-term nature. For information about assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and for additional details regarding the fair value hierarchy, see Note 5, Fair Value Measurements.  

1                      Includes current accounts receivable of $13 million at September 30, 2016. 
     
  2                      Includes current portion of notes receivable of $187 million at September 30, 2016 and $144 million at December 31, 2015. 
     
 61   

Table of Contents   
     
  3                      Includes current portion of long-term debt of $984 million at September 30, 2016 and $684 million at December 31, 2015. 
     
  4                      Includes current portion of long-term payables of $1 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
     
  5                      Includes current portion of long-term debt of $275 million at September 30, 2016 and $198 million at December 31, 2015. 
     
  At CMS Energy, notes receivable consist primarily of EnerBank s fixed-rate installment loans. EnerBank estimates the fair value of these loans using a discounted cash flows technique that incorporates market interest rates as well as assumptions about the remaining life of the loans and credit risk.  
     
  CMS Energy and Consumers estimate the fair value of their long-term debt using quoted prices from market trades of the debt, if available. In the absence of quoted prices, CMS Energy and Consumers calculate market yields and prices for the debt using a matrix method that incorporates market data for similarly rated debt. Depending on the information available, other valuation techniques and models may be used that rely on assumptions that cannot be observed or confirmed through market transactions.  
     
  The effects of third-party credit enhancements are excluded from the fair value measurements of long-term debt. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, CMS Energy s long-term debt included $103 million principal amount that was supported by third-party credit enhancements. This entire principal amount was at Consumers.  
     
  Presented in the following table are CMS Energy s and Consumers  investment securities classified as available for sale or held to maturity:  

The mutual funds classified as available for sale hold primarily fixed-income instruments of varying maturities. Debt securities classified as held to maturity consist primarily of mortgage-backed securities and Utah Housing Corporation bonds held by EnerBank.  
     
 62   

Table of Contents   
     
   7:                          NOTES RECEIVABLE     
     
  Presented in the following table are details of CMS Energy s and Consumers  current and non-current notes receivable:  

EnerBank notes receivable are unsecured consumer installment loans for financing home improvements. EnerBank records its notes receivable at cost, less an allowance for loan losses. At September 30, 2016, $41 million of notes receivable were classified as held for sale; the fair value of notes receivable held for sale exceeded their carrying value. These notes are expected to be sold in 2016.  
     
  Authorized contractors pay fees to EnerBank to provide borrowers with same-as-cash, zero interest, or reduced interest loans. Unearned income associated with the loan fees, which is recorded as a reduction to notes receivable on CMS Energy s consolidated balance sheets, was $82 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Unearned income associated with the loan fees for notes receivable held for sale was $8 million at September 30, 2016 and $3 million at December 31, 2015.  
     
  The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance to reflect estimated credit losses. The allowance is increased by the provision for loan losses and decreased by loan charge-offs net of recoveries. Management estimates the allowance balance required by taking into consideration historical loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio, economic conditions, and other factors. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when the loss is confirmed, but no later than the point at which a loan becomes 120 days past due.  
     
  Loans that are 30 days or more past due are considered delinquent. The balance of EnerBank s delinquent consumer loans was $10 million at September 30, 2016 and $8 million at December 31, 2015.  
     
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $1 million of EnerBank s loans had been modified as troubled debt restructurings.  
     
   8:                          RETIREMENT BENEFITS     
     
  CMS Energy and Consumers provide pension, OPEB, and other retirement benefits to employees under a number of different plans.  
     
  In January 2016, CMS Energy and Consumers changed the method they use to determine the discount rate used to calculate the service cost and interest expense components of net periodic benefit costs for the DB Pension and OPEB Plans. Historically, the discount rate used for this purpose represented a single weighted-average rate derived from the yield curve used to determine the benefit obligation. CMS Energy  
     
 63   

Table of Contents   
     
  and Consumers have elected to use instead a full-yield-curve approach in the estimation of service cost and interest expense; this approach is more accurate in that it applies individual spot rates along the yield curve to future projected benefit payments based on the time of payment. As a result of changing to the full-yield-curve approach to determine the discount rate, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the service cost and interest expense components of net periodic benefit costs were reduced by $17 million for the DB Pension Plan and $9 million for the OPEB Plan for CMS Energy and by $17 million for the DB Pension Plan and $9 million for the OPEB Plan for Consumers.  
     
  Presented in the following table are the costs (credits) and other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations incurred in CMS Energy s and Consumers  retirement benefits plans:  

64   

Table of Contents   
     
   9:                          INCOME TAXES     
     
  Presented in the following table is a reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to the effective income tax rate from continuing operations:  

1                      Since 2014, Consumers has followed a new regulatory treatment ordered by the MPSC that accelerates the return of certain income tax benefits to customers. This change, which also accelerates Consumers  recognition of the income tax benefits, reduced Consumers  income tax expense by $30 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and by $29 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
     
  2                      CMS Energy and Consumers elected to adopt ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , as of January 1, 2016. For further details on the implementation of this standard, see Note 1, New Accounting Standards. 
     
 65   

Table of Contents   
     
   10:                EARNINGS PER SHARE CMS ENERGY     
     
  Presented in the following table are CMS Energy s basic and diluted EPS computations based on net income:  

Nonvested Stock Awards  
     
  CMS Energy s nonvested stock awards are composed of participating and non-participating securities. The participating securities accrue cash dividends when common stockholders receive dividends. Since the recipient is not required to return the dividends to CMS Energy if the recipient forfeits the award, the nonvested stock awards are considered participating securities. As such, the participating nonvested stock awards were included in the computation of basic EPS. The non-participating securities accrue stock dividends that vest concurrently with the stock award. If the recipient forfeits the award, the stock dividends accrued on the non-participating securities are also forfeited. Accordingly, the non-participating awards and stock dividends were included in the computation of diluted EPS, but not basic EPS.  
     
   11:                REPORTABLE SEGMENTS     
     
  Reportable segments consist of business units defined by the products and services they offer. CMS Energy and Consumers evaluate the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net income available to CMS Energy s common stockholders.  
     
  CMS Energy  
     
  The reportable segments for CMS Energy are:  
     
                        electric utility, consisting of regulated activities associated with the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity in Michigan  
                        gas utility, consisting of regulated activities associated with the transportation, storage, and distribution of natural gas in Michigan  
                        enterprises, consisting of various subsidiaries engaging primarily in domestic independent power production  
     
  CMS Energy presents EnerBank and corporate interest and other expenses within other reconciling items.  
     
 66   

Table of Contents   
     
  Consumers  
     
  The reportable segments for Consumers are:  
     
                        electric utility, consisting of regulated activities associated with the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity in Michigan  
                        gas utility, consisting of regulated activities associated with the transportation, storage, and distribution of natural gas in Michigan  
     
  Consumers  other consolidated entities are presented within other reconciling items.  
     
  Presented in the following tables is financial information by reportable segment:  

67   

Table of Contents   

1                      Amounts include a portion of Consumers  other common assets attributable to both the electric and gas utility businesses. 
     
  2                      CMS Energy and Consumers changed the reporting of debt issuance costs on their consolidated balance sheets in accordance with ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , as of January 1, 2016, and retrospectively adjusted prior-period amounts for comparability. For further details on the implementation of this standard, see Note 1, New Accounting Standards. 
     
 68   

Table of Contents   
     
   Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
     
  Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for CMS Energy and Consumers is contained in Part I Item 1. Financial Statements MD A, which is incorporated by reference herein.  
     
   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     
     
  There have been no material changes to market risk as previously disclosed in Part II Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in the 2015 Form 10-K.  
     
   Item 4. Controls and Procedures     
     
   CMS ENERGY   
     
   Disclosure Controls and Procedures:    CMS Energy s management, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, CMS Energy s CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of such period, its disclosure controls and procedures are effective.  
     
   Internal Control Over Financial Reporting:    There have not been any changes in CMS Energy s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting.  
     
   CONSUMERS   
     
   Disclosure Controls and Procedures:    Consumers  management, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, Consumers  CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of such period, its disclosure controls and procedures are effective.  
     
   Internal Control Over Financial Reporting:    There have not been any changes in Consumers  internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting.  
     
  Part II Other Information    
     
   Item 1. Legal Proceedings     
     
  CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain of their affiliates are parties to various lawsuits and regulatory matters in the ordinary course of business. For information regarding material legal proceedings, including updates to information reported under Part I Item 3. Legal Proceedings, of the 2015 Form 10-K, see Part I Item 1. Financial Statements Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2, Regulatory Matters and Note 3, Contingencies and Commitments.  
     
 69   

Table of Contents   
     
   Item 1A. Risk Factors     
     
  There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors as previously disclosed in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors, in the 2015 Form 10-K, which Risk Factors are incorporated herein by reference.  
     
   Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     
     
   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
     
  None.  
     
   ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
     
  Presented in the following table are CMS Energy s repurchases of equity securities for the three months ended September 30, 2016:  

1                      All of the common shares were repurchased to satisfy the minimum statutory income tax withholding obligation for common shares that have vested under the Performance Incentive Stock Plan. The value of shares repurchased is based on the market price on the vesting date. 
     
   Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities     
     
  None.  
     
   Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures     
     
  Not applicable.  
     
   Item 5. Other Information     
     
  None.  
     
   Item 6. Exhibits     
     
  See CMS Energy s and Consumers  Exhibit Index included as the last part of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
     
 70   

Table of Contents   
     
   SIGNATURES     
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. The signature for each undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company or its subsidiary.  

CMS ENERGY CORPORATION           

Dated:   October 27, 2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/ Thomas J. Webb           

Thomas J. Webb           

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer           

CONSUMERS ENERGY COMPANY           

Dated:   October 27, 2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/ Thomas J. Webb           

Thomas J. Webb           

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer              
     
 71   

Table of Contents   
     
  (This page intentionally left blank)  
     
 72   

Table of Contents   
     
  EXHIBITS  

Table of Contents   
     
   CMS ENERGY S AND CONSUMERS  EXHIBIT INDEX   
     
  The agreements included as exhibits to this Form 10-Q filing are included solely to provide information regarding the terms of the agreements and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about CMS Energy, Consumers, or other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties made by each of the parties to each of the agreements that were made exclusively for the benefit of the parties involved in each of the agreements and should not be treated as statements of fact. The representations and warranties were made as a way to allocate risk if one or more of those statements prove to be incorrect. The statements were qualified by disclosures of the parties to each of the agreements that may not be reflected in each of the agreements. The agreements may apply standards of materiality that are different than standards applied to other investors. Additionally, the statements were made as of the date of the agreements or as specified in the agreements and have not been updated. The representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs of the parties to each agreement.  
     
  Additional information about CMS Energy and Consumers may be found in this filing, at www.cmsenergy.com, at www.consumersenergy.com, and through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.  

Exhibits         

Description             

4.1       

127  th  Supplemental Indenture dated as of   August 10, 2016 between Consumers and The Bank of New York Mellon,   as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed August 10, 2016   and incorporated herein by reference)          

12.1       

Statement regarding computation of CMS Energy s   Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred   Dividends           

12.2       

Statement regarding computation of Consumers  Ratios   of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred   Dividends           

31.1       

CMS Energy s certification of the CEO pursuant   to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002           

31.2       

CMS Energy s certification of the CFO pursuant   to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002           

31.3       

Consumers  certification of the CEO pursuant to   Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002           

31.4       

Consumers  certification of the CFO pursuant to   Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002           

32.1       

CMS Energy s certifications pursuant to   Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002           

32.2       

Consumers  certifications pursuant to   Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002           

101.INS  1       

XBRL Instance Document           

101.SCH  1       

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema           

101.CAL  1       

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase           

101.DEF  1       

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase           

101.LAB  1       

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase           

101.PRE  1       

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase              

1                      The financial information contained in the XBRL-related information is  unaudited  and  unreviewed.  

<EX-12.1>
 2
 a16-17147_1ex12d1.htm
 EX-12.1

Exhibit 12.1  
     
  CMS Energy Corporation  
   Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges   
   and Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends   

1                      Earnings and fixed charges as defined in instructions for Item 503 of Regulation S-K. 
     
  2                      Preferred dividends of a consolidated subsidiary are included in fixed charges, but excluded from earnings as defined because the amount was not deducted in arriving at pretax income from continuing operations. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-12.2>
 3
 a16-17147_1ex12d2.htm
 EX-12.2

Exhibit 12.2  
     
  Consumers Energy Company  
   Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges   and Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends   

1                      Earnings and fixed charges as defined in instructions for Item 503 of Regulation S-K. 

</EX-12.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a16-17147_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1  
     
   CERTIFICATION OF PATRICIA K. POPPE   
     
  I, Patricia K. Poppe, certify that:  
     
  1.                I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of CMS Energy Corporation;  
     
  2.                Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.                Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.                The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     
  a)          Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
     
  b)         Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
     
  c)          Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
     
  d)         Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
     
  5.                The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     
  a)          All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
     
  b)         Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:   October 27, 2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/ Patricia K. Poppe           

Patricia K. Poppe           

President and Chief Executive Officer              

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a16-17147_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2  
     
   CERTIFICATION OF THOMAS J. WEBB   
     
  I, Thomas J. Webb, certify that:  
     
  1.                I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of CMS Energy Corporation;  
     
  2.                Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.                Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.                The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     
  a)          Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
     
  b)         Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
     
  c)          Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
     
  d)         Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
     
  5.                The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     
  a)          All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
     
  b)         Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:   October 27, 2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/ Thomas J. Webb           

Thomas J. Webb           

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer              

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 6
 a16-17147_1ex31d3.htm
 EX-31.3

Exhibit 31.3  
     
   CERTIFICATION OF PATRICIA K. POPPE   
     
  I, Patricia K. Poppe, certify that:  
     
  1.                I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Consumers Energy Company;  
     
  2.                Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.                Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.                The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     
  a)          Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
     
  b)         Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
     
  c)          Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
     
  d)         Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
     
  5.                The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     
  a)          All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
     
  b)         Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:   October 27, 2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/ Patricia K. Poppe           

Patricia K. Poppe           

President and Chief Executive Officer              

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 7
 a16-17147_1ex31d4.htm
 EX-31.4

Exhibit 31.4  
     
   CERTIFICATION OF THOMAS J. WEBB   
     
  I, Thomas J. Webb, certify that:  
     
  1.                I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Consumers Energy Company;  
     
  2.                Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.                Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.                The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     
  a)          Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
     
  b)         Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
     
  c)          Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
     
  d)         Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
     
  5.                The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     
  a)          All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
     
  b)         Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:   October 27, 2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/ Thomas J. Webb           

Thomas J. Webb           

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer              

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 a16-17147_1ex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1  
     
   CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CMS Energy Corporation (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Patricia K. Poppe, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Thomas J. Webb, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his or her knowledge:  
     
  (1)          The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
     
  (2)          The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Patricia K. Poppe       

Name:       
 
  Patricia   K. Poppe       

Title:       
 
  President   and Chief Executive Officer       

Date:       
 
  October 27, 2016       

/s/ Thomas J. Webb       

Name:       
 
  Thomas   J. Webb       

Title:       
 
  Executive   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer       

Date:       
 
  October 27, 2016       

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 a16-17147_1ex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2  
     
   CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Consumers Energy Company (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Patricia K. Poppe, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Thomas J. Webb, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his or her knowledge:  
     
  (1)          The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
     
  (2)          The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Patricia K. Poppe       

Name:       
 
  Patricia   K. Poppe       

Title:       
 
  President and   Chief Executive Officer       

Date:       
 
  October 27, 2016       

/s/ Thomas J. Webb       

Name:       
 
  Thomas   J. Webb       

Title:       
 
  Executive   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer       

Date:       
 
  October 27, 2016       

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 cms-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cms-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cms-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cms-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cms-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cms-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

