<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1042893_0001042893-16-000009_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2712279</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>94808</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>173342</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>980555</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>974467</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>426674</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001042893-16-000009.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161026190230
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001042893-16-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DRIL-QUIP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001042893
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		IRS NUMBER:				742162088
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13439
		FILM NUMBER:		161953600

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 N. ELDRIDGE PARKWAY
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77041
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7139397711

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 N. ELDRIDGE PARKWAY
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77041

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001042893-16-000009.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 a201693010-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  _______________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  _______________________________________________________ 
  (MARK ONE) 

For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

Commission file number 001-13439 
  _______________________________________________________ 
  DRIL-QUIP, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  _______________________________________________________ 
                   DELAWARE 
      
    74-2162088 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

6401 N. ELDRIDGE PARKWAY 
  HOUSTON, TEXAS 
  77041 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
  (713) 939-7711 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  _______________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of regulations S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 
      
      Non-accelerated filer 
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).    Yes           No      
  As of   October 26, 2016  , the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, was   37,581,391  .  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
      PART I 
      Item 1. 
     Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    3 
        
     Balance Sheets  
    3 
        
     Statements of Income  
    4 
        
     Statements of Comprehensive Income  
    5 
        
     Statements of Cash Flows  
    6 
        
     Notes to Financial Statements  
    7 
      Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    13 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    22 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    22 
      PART II 
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    24 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    24 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    24 
        
     Index to Exhibits  
    27 
        
     Signatures  
    28 

Table of Contents  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.        Financial Statements 
   
  DRIL-QUIP, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

DRIL-QUIP, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

DRIL-QUIP, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

DRIL-QUIP, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

DRIL-QUIP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
   
  1. Organization and Principles of Consolidation 
  Dril-Quip, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company  or  Dril-Quip ), designs, manufactures, sells and services highly engineered offshore drilling and production equipment that is well suited for use in deepwater, harsh environment and severe service applications. The Company s principal products consist of subsea and surface wellheads, subsea and surface production trees, subsea control systems and manifolds, mudline hanger systems, specialty connectors and associated pipe, drilling and production riser systems, liner hangers, wellhead connectors and diverters. Dril-Quip s products are used by major integrated, large independent and foreign national oil and gas companies in offshore areas throughout the world. Dril-Quip also provides technical advisory assistance on an as-requested basis during installation of its products, as well as rework and reconditioning services for customer-owned Dril-Quip products. In addition, Dril-Quip s customers may rent or purchase running tools from the Company for use in the installation and retrieval of the Company s products. 
  The Company s operations are organized into   three   geographic segments Western Hemisphere (including North and South America; headquartered in Houston, Texas), Eastern Hemisphere (including Europe and Africa; headquartered in Aberdeen, Scotland) and Asia-Pacific (including the Pacific Rim, Southeast Asia, Australia, India and the Middle East; headquartered in Singapore). Each of these segments sells similar products and services and the Company has major manufacturing facilities in all   three   of its headquarter locations as well as Macae, Brazil. 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements included herein are unaudited. The balance sheet at   December 31, 2015   has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements include all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position as of   September 30, 2016   and the results of operations and comprehensive income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and the cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Management believes the unaudited interim related disclosures in these condensed consolidated financial statements are adequate. The results of operations, comprehensive income and cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. The condensed consolidated financial statements included herein should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  2. Significant Accounting Policies 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Some of the Company s more significant estimates are those affected by critical accounting policies for revenue recognition, inventories and contingent liabilities. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  Product revenues 
  The Company recognizes product revenues from   two   methods: 
             
    product revenues recognized under the percentage-of-completion method; and 
                
    product revenues from the sale of products that do not qualify for the percentage-of-completion method. 

7 

     Table of Contents  

Revenues recognized under the percentage-of-completion method 
  The Company uses the percentage-of-completion method on long-term project contracts that have the following characteristics: 
             
    the contracts call for products which are designed to customer specifications; 
                
    the structural designs are unique and require significant engineering and manufacturing efforts generally requiring more than one year in duration; 
                
    the contracts contain specific terms as to milestones, progress billings and delivery dates; and 
                
    product requirements cannot be filled directly from the Company s standard inventory. 
     For each project, the Company prepares a detailed analysis of estimated costs, profit margin, completion date and risk factors which include availability of material, production efficiencies and other factors that may impact the project. On a quarterly basis, management reviews the progress of each project, which may result in revisions of previous estimates, including revenue recognition. The Company calculates the percentage complete and applies the percentage to determine the revenues earned and the appropriate portion of total estimated costs. Losses, if any, are recorded in full in the period they become known. Historically, the Company s estimates of total costs and costs to complete have approximated actual costs incurred to complete the project. 
  Under the percentage-of-completion method, billings may not correlate directly to the revenue recognized. Based upon the terms of the specific contract, billings may be in excess of the revenue recognized, in which case the amounts are included in customer prepayments as a liability on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Likewise, revenue recognized may exceed customer billings in which case the amounts are reported in trade receivables. Unbilled revenues are expected to be billed and collected within one year. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , receivables included $  66.2 million   and $  70.8 million   of unbilled receivables, respectively. For the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there were   4   projects representing approximately   12%   of the Company s total revenues and approximately   14%   of its product revenues that were accounted for using percentage-of-completion accounting, compared to   9   projects during the   third   quarter of   2015  , which represented approximately   17%   of the Company s total revenues and approximately   22%   of its product revenues. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were   10   projects representing approximately   14%   of the Company's total revenues and approximately   17%   of its product revenues, compared to   14   projects that represented approximately   16%   of the Company's total revenues and approximately   20%   of its product revenues for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , all of which were accounted for using percentage-of-completion accounting.  
  Revenues not recognized under the percentage-of-completion method 
  Revenues from the sale of inventory products, not accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method, are recorded at the time the manufacturing processes are complete and ownership is transferred to the customer. 
  Service revenues 
  The Company recognizes service revenues from   three   sources: 
             
    technical advisory assistance; 
                
    rental of running tools; and 
                
    rework and reconditioning of customer-owned Dril-Quip products. 
     The Company does not install products for its customers, but it does provide technical advisory assistance. At the time of delivery of the product, the customer is not obligated to buy or rent the Company s running tools and the Company is not obligated to perform any subsequent services relating to installation. Technical advisory assistance service revenue is recorded at the time the service is rendered. Service revenues associated with the rental of running and installation tools are recorded as earned. Rework and reconditioning service revenues are recorded when the refurbishment process is complete. 
  The Company normally negotiates contracts for products, including those accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method, and services separately. For all product sales, it is the customer s decision as to the timing of the product installation as well as whether Dril-Quip running tools will be purchased or rented. Furthermore, the customer is under no obligation to utilize the Company s technical advisory assistance services. The customer may use a third party or their own personnel. 

8 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  The Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, receivables and payables. The carrying values of these financial instruments approximate their respective fair values as they are short-term in nature. 
  Earnings Per Share 
  Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed considering the dilutive effect of stock options and awards using the treasury stock method. 
  In each relevant period, the net income used in the basic and dilutive earnings per share calculations is the same. The following table reconciles the weighted average basic number of common shares outstanding and the weighted average diluted number of common shares outstanding for the purpose of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share: 

3. New Accounting Standards 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-09  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (Topic 718).  The standard simplifies several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating the impact of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02  Leases (Topic 842).  The new standard requires lessees to recognize lease assets (right of use) and lease obligations (lease liability) for leases previously classified as operating leases under generally accepted accounting principles on the balance sheet for leases with terms in excess of 12 months.  The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Company is evaluating the impact of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17  Income Taxes (Topic 740).  In an effort to reduce complexity, the requirement to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts will no longer be necessary. In the future, all deferred income taxes will be considered noncurrent and will continue to be offset into a single amount within each country. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company s financial statements will be revised to reflect this amendment beginning in the first quarter of 2017.  
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (Topic 330).  This standard states that inventory within the scope of this update should be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling price in the normal course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating the impact of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The amendment applies a new five-step revenue recognition model to be used in recognizing revenues associated with customer contracts. The amendment requires disclosure sufficient to enable readers of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers, including qualitative and quantitative disclosures, significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill the contract. The standard s effective date was originally for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. On April 1, 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date by one year to December 15, 2017 and interim periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is evaluating the impact of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
  4. Stock-Based Compensation and Stock Awards 
  The Company recognized approximately   $3.2 million   and   $3.3 million  , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , which is included in the selling, general and administrative expense line on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , stock-based compensation expense totaled   $9.4 million   and   $9.8 million  , respectively.    No   stock-based compensation expense was capitalized during the   three   or   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 
   
  5. Inventories, net 
  Inventories consist of the following: 

10 

Table of Contents  

6. Geographic Areas 

11 

Table of Contents  

7  . Commitments and Contingencies 
  Brazilian Tax Issue 
  From 2002 to 2007, the Company s Brazilian subsidiary imported goods through the State of Espirito Santo in Brazil and subsequently transferred them to its facility in the State of Rio de Janeiro. During that period, the Company s Brazilian subsidiary paid taxes to the State of Espirito Santo on its imports. Upon the final sale of these goods, the Company s Brazilian subsidiary collected taxes from customers and remitted them to the State of Rio de Janeiro net of the taxes paid on importation of those goods to the State of Espirito Santo in accordance with the Company s understanding of Brazilian tax laws. 
  In August 2007, the State of Rio de Janeiro served the Company s Brazilian subsidiary with assessments to collect a state tax on the importation of goods through the State of Espirito Santo from 2002 to 2007 claiming that these taxes were due and payable to it under applicable law. The Company settled these assessments with payments to the State of Rio de Janeiro of $  12.2 million   in March 2010 and $  3.9 million   in December 2010. Approximately $  7.8 million   of these settlement payments were attributable to penalties, interest and amounts that had expired under the statute of limitations so that amount was recorded as an expense. The remainder of the settlement payments generated credits (recorded as a long-term prepaid tax) to be used to offset future state taxes on sales to customers in the State of Rio de Janeiro, which were subject to certification by the tax authorities. During the second quarter of 2015, the tax authorities certified approximately $  8.3 million   of those credits paid in 2010 and granted an additional $  2.3 million   in inflation-related credits. The additional amount of credits granted by the tax authorities increased long-term prepaid taxes and decreased selling, general and administrative expenses by $  2.3 million  . 
  In December 2010 and January 2011, the Company s Brazilian subsidiary was served with   two   additional assessments totaling approximately $  13.0 million   from the State of Rio de Janeiro to cancel the credits associated with the tax payments to the State of Espirito Santo (Santo Credits) on the importation of goods from July 2005 to October 2007. The Santo Credits are not related to the credits described above. The Company has objected to these assessments on the grounds that they would represent double taxation on the importation of the same goods and that the Company is entitled to the credits under applicable Brazilian law. With regard to the December 2010 assessment, the Company s Brazilian subsidiary has filed an appeal with the relevant State of Rio de Janeiro judicial court to annul the tax assessment following a ruling against the Company by the tax administration s highest council. In connection with the appeal of the December 2010 assessment, the Company was required to deposit with the court approximately $  3.1 million   in December 2014 as the full amount of the assessment with penalties and interest. The Company intends to file a similar appeal in the judicial system with regard to the January 2011 assessment as a result of a ruling against the Company by the tax administration's highest council. The Company believes that these credits are valid and that success in the judicial court process is probable. Based upon this analysis, the Company has not accrued any liability in conjunction with this matter. 
  Since 2007, the Company s Brazilian subsidiary has paid taxes on the importation of goods directly to the State of Rio de Janeiro and the Company does not expect any similar issues to exist for periods subsequent to 2007. 
  General 
  The Company operates its business and markets its products and services in most of the significant oil and gas producing areas in the world and is, therefore, subject to the risks customarily attendant to international operations and dependent on the condition of the oil and gas industry. Additionally, products of the Company are used in potentially hazardous drilling, completion, and production applications that can cause personal injury, product liability and environmental claims. Although exposure to such risk has not resulted in any significant problems in the past, there can be no assurance that ongoing and future developments will not adversely impact the Company. 
  The Company is also involved in a number of legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. Although no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of such legal action, in the opinion of management, the ultimate liability with respect thereto will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
   
  8. Subsequent Event 
    On October 14, 2016, the Company entered into a definitive agreement (Stock Purchase Agreement), dated as of October 14, 2016, with Pearce Industries, Inc. Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company will acquire all the outstanding common stock, par value   $100.00   per share, of TIW Corporation, a Texas Corporation, for a cash purchase price of   $142.7 million  . The purchase price is subject to adjustment for cash and working capital at the closing of the transaction and the payment by the Company of certain post-closing bonuses. Closing of the transaction is currently expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  
   12 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.        Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  The following is management s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors that have affected aspects of the Company s financial position, results of operations, comprehensive income and cash flows during the periods included in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes therein presented elsewhere herein as well as the discussion under  Risk Factors,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and the financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Overview 
  Dril-Quip designs, manufactures, sells and services highly engineered offshore drilling and production equipment that is well suited for use in deepwater, harsh environment and severe service applications. The Company designs and manufactures subsea equipment, surface equipment and offshore rig equipment for use by major integrated, large independent and foreign national oil and gas companies and drilling contractors in offshore areas throughout the world. The Company s principal products consist of subsea and surface wellheads, subsea and surface production trees, subsea control systems and manifolds, mudline hanger systems, specialty connectors and associated pipe, drilling and production riser systems, liner hangers, wellhead connectors and diverters. Dril-Quip also provides technical advisory assistance on an as-requested basis during installation of its products, as well as rework and reconditioning services for customer-owned Dril-Quip products. In addition, Dril-Quip customers may rent or purchase running tools from the Company for use in the installation and retrieval of the Company s products. 
  Oil and Gas Prices 
  Both the market for offshore drilling and production equipment and services and the Company s business are substantially dependent on the condition of the oil and gas industry and, in particular, the willingness of oil and gas companies to make capital expenditures on exploration, drilling and production operations offshore. Oil and gas prices and the level of offshore drilling activity have historically been characterized by significant volatility. 
  According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA) of the U.S. Department of Energy, Brent Crude oil prices per barrel are listed below for the periods covered by this report: 

According to the September   2016   release of the Short-Term Energy Outlook published by the EIA, Brent Crude oil prices are expected to average approximately   $42.54   per barrel in   2016   and   $51.58   per barrel in   2017  . In its September   2016   Oil Market Report, the International Energy Agency projected that world demand for oil will be approximately   96.1   million barrels per day in   2016  , increasing to   97.3   million barrels per day in 2017. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Rig Count 
  Detailed below is the average contracted offshore rig count (rigs currently drilling as well as rigs committed, but not yet drilling) for the Company s geographic regions for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The rig count data includes floating rigs (semi-submersibles and drillships) and jack-up rigs. The Company has included only these types of rigs as they are the primary assets used to deploy the Company s products. 

Source: IHS Petrodata RigBase     September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  According to IHS-Petrodata RigBase, as of   September 30, 2016  , there were   481   rigs under contract for the Company s geographic regions (  163   floating rigs and   318   jack-up rigs), which represents a   20.6%   decrease from the rig count of   606   rigs (  223   floating rigs and   383   jack-up rigs) as of   September 30, 2015  .  
  The Company believes that the number of rigs (semi-submersibles, drillships and jack-up rigs) under construction impacts its revenues and backlog because in certain cases, its customers order some of the Company s products during the construction of such rigs. As a result, an increase in rig construction activity tends to favorably impact the Company s backlog while a decrease in rig construction activity tends to negatively impact the Company s backlog. According to IHS-Petrodata RigBase, as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there were   171   and   204   rigs, respectively, under construction, which represents an approximate   16.2%   decline in rigs under construction. The expected delivery dates for the rigs under construction at   September 30, 2016   are as follows: 

However, given the sustained low level in oil and gas prices and oversupply of offshore drilling rigs, the Company believes it is possible that delivery of some rigs under construction could be postponed or cancelled, decreasing the opportunity for supply of the Company s products. 
  Regulation 
  The demand for the Company s products and services is also affected by laws and regulations relating to the oil and gas industry in general, including those specifically directed to offshore operations. The adoption of new laws and regulations, or changes to existing laws or regulations that curtail exploration and development drilling for oil and gas for economic or other policy reasons, could adversely affect the Company s operations by decreasing demand for its products. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

Business Environment 
  Oil and gas prices and the level of offshore drilling and production activity have been characterized by significant volatility in recent years. Worldwide military, political, economic and other events have contributed to oil and natural gas price volatility and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Lower crude oil and natural gas prices have resulted in a trend of customers seeking to renegotiate contract terms with the Company, including reductions in the prices of its products and services, extensions of delivery terms and, in some instances, contract cancellations or revisions. In some cases, a customer may already hold an inventory of the Company's equipment, which may delay the placement of new orders. In addition, some of the Company s customers could experience liquidity or solvency issues or could otherwise be unable or unwilling to perform under a contract, which could ultimately lead a customer to enter bankruptcy or otherwise encourage a customer to seek to repudiate, cancel or renegotiate a contract. An extended period of reduced crude oil and natural gas prices may accelerate these trends. If the Company experiences significant contract terminations, suspensions or scope adjustments to its contracts, then its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted. 
  The Company expects continued volatility in both crude oil and natural gas prices, as well as in the level of drilling and production related activities. Even during periods of high prices for oil and natural gas, companies exploring for oil and gas may cancel or curtail programs, seek to renegotiate contract terms, including the price of products and services, or reduce their levels of capital expenditures for exploration and production for a variety of reasons. A continued significant and prolonged decline in hydrocarbon prices would likely have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
  The Company believes that its backlog should help mitigate the impact of negative market conditions; however, a continued decline in commodity prices or an extended downturn in the global economy or future restrictions on or declines in offshore oil and gas exploration and production could have a negative impact on the Company and its backlog. The Company s backlog at   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $378 million  , compared to approximately   $824 million   at   September 30, 2015   and approximately   $685 million   at   December 31, 2015  . In June   2016  , the Company was awarded a contract valued at approximately   $40 million   to supply subsea drilling and production equipment and related services to Kangean Energy Indonesia, Ltd., a contractor for SKK Migas, for the development of its Terang/Sirasun/Batur gas fields project located offshore Indonesia. Of the   $40 million   contract,   $29 million   is related to equipment, which is included in the Company's backlog at   September 30, 2016  , and   $11 million   is related to services, which is not included in backlog. The Company's backlog balance during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was positively impacted by   $5 million   in translation adjustments due primarily to the strengthening of the Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar and negatively impacted by approximately   $76 million   in cancellations, of which   $52 million   was attributable to the cancellation of one contract during the first quarter of 2016 for wellhead equipment for a development project. 
  In August 2012, the Company s Brazilian subsidiary, Dril-Quip do Brasil LTDA, was awarded a four-year contract by Petroleo Brasileiro S.A. (Petrobras), Brazil s national oil company. The contract was valued at   $650 million  , net of Brazilian taxes, at exchange rates in effect at that time (approximately   $408 million   based on the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate of   3.25   Brazilian real to 1.00 U.S. dollar) if all equipment under the contract was ordered. Amounts are included in the Company s backlog as purchase orders under the contract are received. Revenues of approximately   $126 million   have been recognized on this contract through   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s backlog included   $41 million   of purchase orders under this Petrobras contract. The Company has not yet recognized revenue of approximately   $14 million   as of   September 30, 2016   for certain items of equipment that were completed but not yet accepted for delivery by Petrobras. If Petrobras does not ultimately accept these items for delivery or if they refuse to accept these or similar items completed in the future, the Company s results of operations may be adversely affected. Following an interim amendment to extend the term of the contract pending the resolution of discussions, the Company entered into an amendment on October 17, 2016 to extend the duration of the contract until July 2020. As part of the amendment to the contract, Petrobras agreed to issue purchase orders totaling a minimum of approximately   $31 million   (based on current exchange rates) before 2019. The Company cannot provide assurances that Petrobras will order all of the equipment under the contract. 
  As a result of declining oil prices and the Company's decreasing backlog, the Company's total number of employees worldwide decreased from   2,720   as of   December 31, 2014   to   2,319   as of   December 31, 2015   and to   1,980   as of   September 30, 2016   due to employee attrition and workforce reductions. 
  The Company operates its business and markets its products and services in most of the significant oil and gas producing areas in the world and is, therefore, subject to the risks customarily attendant to international operations and investments in foreign countries. These risks include nationalization, expropriation, war, acts of terrorism and civil disturbance, restrictive action by local governments, limitation on repatriation of earnings, change in foreign tax laws and change in currency exchange rates, any of which could have an adverse effect on either the Company s ability to manufacture its products in its facilities abroad or the demand in certain regions for the Company s products, or both. To date, the Company has not experienced any significant problems in foreign countries arising from local government actions or political instability, but there is no assurance that such problems will not arise in the future. Interruption of the Company s international operations could have a material adverse effect on its overall operations. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

The June 23, 2016 referendum by British voters to exit the European Union (Brexit) adversely impacted global markets, including currencies, and resulted in a decline in the value of the British pound sterling, as compared to the U.S. dollar and other currencies. Volatility in exchange rates could be expected to continue in the short term as the United Kingdom (U.K.) negotiates its exit from the European Union. A weaker British pound sterling compared to the U.S. dollar during a reporting period would cause local currency results of the Company's U.K. operations to be translated into fewer U.S. dollars. Continued adverse consequences such as deterioration in economic conditions and volatility in currency exchange rates could have a negative impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 
  Revenues  . Dril-Quip s revenues are generated from two sources: products and services. Product revenues are derived from the sale of offshore drilling and production equipment. Service revenues are earned when the Company provides technical advisory assistance and rental tools during installation and retrieval of the Company s products. Additionally, the Company earns service revenues when rework and reconditioning services are provided. For the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company derived   82%   and   78%  , respectively, of its revenues from the sale of its products and   18%   and   22%  , respectively, of its revenues from services. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company derived   81%   of its revenues from the sale of its products and   19%   of its revenues from services.  Service revenues generally correlate to revenues from product sales because increased product sales typically generate increased demand for technical advisory assistance services during installation and rental of running tools. The Company has substantial international operations, with approximately   61%   and   63%  , respectively, of its revenues derived from foreign sales for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and   58%   and   64%  , respectively, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Substantially all of the Company s domestic revenue relates to operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Domestic revenue approximated   39%   and   37%  , respectively, of the Company s total revenues for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and   42%   and   36%  , respectively, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  Product contracts are negotiated and sold separately from service contracts. In addition, service contracts are not typically included in the product contracts or related sales orders and are not offered to the customer as a condition of the sale of the Company s products. The demand for products and services is generally based on worldwide economic conditions in the offshore oil and gas industry, and is not based on a specific relationship between the two types of contracts. Substantially all of the Company s sales are made on a purchase order basis. Purchase orders are subject to change and/or termination at the option of the customer. In case of a change or termination, the customer is required to pay the Company for work performed and other costs necessarily incurred as a result of the change or termination. 
  Generally, the Company attempts to raise its prices as its costs increase. However, the actual pricing of the Company s products and services is impacted by a number of factors, including global oil prices, competitive pricing pressure, the level of utilized capacity in the oil service sector, maintenance of market share, the introduction of new products and general market conditions. 
  The Company accounts for larger and more complex projects that have relatively longer manufacturing time frames on a percentage-of-completion basis. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   10   projects representing approximately   14%   of the Company's total revenues and approximately   17%   of its product revenues were accounted for using percentage-of-completion accounting, compared to   14   projects representing approximately   16%   of the Company's total revenues and approximately   20%   of its product revenues for the first   nine   months   2015  . For the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there were   4   projects representing approximately   12%   of the Company s total revenues and approximately   14%   of its product revenues that were accounted for using percentage-of-completion accounting, compared to   9   projects during the   third   quarter of   2015  , which represented approximately   17%   of the Company s total revenues and approximately   22%   of its product revenues. These percentages may fluctuate in the future. Revenues accounted for in this manner are generally recognized based upon a calculation of the percentage complete, which is used to determine the revenue earned and the appropriate portion of total estimated cost of sales. Accordingly, price and cost estimates are reviewed periodically as the work progresses, and adjustments proportionate to the percentage complete are reflected in the period when such estimates are revised. Losses, if any, are recorded in full in the period they become known. Amounts received from customers in excess of revenues recognized are classified as a current liability. 
  Cost of Sales  . The principal elements of cost of sales are labor, raw materials and manufacturing overhead. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenues is influenced by the product mix sold in any particular period, costs from projects accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method, over/under manufacturing overhead absorption and market conditions. The Company s costs related to its foreign operations do not significantly differ from its domestic costs. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  . Selling, general and administrative expenses include the costs associated with sales and marketing, general corporate overhead, business development expenses, compensation expense, stock-based compensation expense, legal expenses, foreign currency transaction gains and losses and other related administrative functions. The Company s U.K. subsidiary, whose functional currency is the British pound sterling, conducts a portion of its operations in U.S. dollars. As a result, this subsidiary holds significant monetary assets denominated in U.S. dollars. These monetary assets are subject to changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the British pound sterling, which has resulted in pre-tax non-cash foreign currency gains during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   totaling   $28.3 million  .  
  Engineering and Product     Development Expenses  . Engineering and product development expenses consist of new product development and testing, as well as application engineering related to customized products. 
  Income Tax Provision  . The Company s effective income tax rate has historically been lower than the statutory rate primarily due to foreign income tax rate differentials, research and development credits and deductions related to domestic manufacturing activities. 
  
   17 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain statement of operations data expressed as a percentage of revenues: 

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a breakdown of our products and service revenues: 

18 

     Table of Contents  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Revenues decreased by   $77.8 million  , or approximately   38.6%  , to   $123.6 million   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $201.4 million   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Product revenues decreased by approximately   $56.5 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   as a result of decreased revenues of   $49.1 million   in subsea equipment,   $2.1 million   in surface equipment and   $5.3 million   in offshore rig equipment. Product revenues decreased in the Eastern Hemisphere, Western Hemisphere and Asia-Pacific by   $18.8 million  ,   $14.6 million   and   $23.1 million  , respectively, largely due to the decline in oil and gas prices resulting in decreases in the demand for exploration and production equipment, especially subsea equipment. In any given time period, the revenues recognized between the various product lines and geographic areas will vary depending upon the timing of shipments to customers, completion status of the projects accounted for under the percentage-of-completion accounting method, market conditions and customer demand. Service revenues decreased by approximately   $21.3 million   resulting from decreased service revenues of   $9.9 million   in the Western Hemisphere,   $3.5 million   in Asia-Pacific and   $7.9 million   in the Eastern Hemisphere. The decrease in service revenues is largely due to the decline in oil and gas prices leading to decreased exploration and production activities. 
    
  Cost of Sales.   Cost of sales decreased by   $30.5 million  , or approximately   28.2%  , to   $77.6 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $108.1 million   for the same period in   2015   as a result of lower revenues. As a percentage of revenues, cost of sales increased to   62.8%   from   53.7%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily as a result of unabsorbed manufacturing costs and product mix. 
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.   For the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by approximately   $4.8 million  , or   27.6%  , to   $12.5 million   from   $17.3 million   for the same period in 2015. The majority of the decrease in expense was due to a reduction in personnel and related costs associated with workforce reductions. This decrease was offset by an increase of approximately   $1.2 million   in professional fees incurred in conjunction with pursuing acquisition opportunities as well as a decrease of approximately   $1.0 million   in the pre-tax foreign currency transaction gain, which was   $5.5 million   during   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $6.5 million   during the same period in   2015  . Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues increased to   10.2%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   8.6%   in the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily as a result of the   38.6%   decrease in revenues.  
  Engineering and Product Development Expenses.   For the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , engineering and product development expenses totaled   $10.6 million   compared to   $11.7 million   for the same period in   2015  , a decrease of   $1.1 million  , or   9.9%  . The majority of the decrease in expense was due to a reduction in personnel and related costs associated with workforce reductions. Engineering and product development expenses as a percentage of revenues increased to   8.5%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   5.8%   in the   third   quarter of   2015   mainly resulting from the   38.6%   decrease in revenues.  
  Income Tax Provision  . Income tax expense for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $4.9 million   on income before taxes of   $23.9 million  , resulting in an effective income tax rate of approximately   20.4%  . Income tax expense for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   was   $13.8 million   on income before taxes of   $64.6 million  , resulting in an effective income tax rate of approximately   21.4%  . The decrease in the effective income tax rate percentage primarily reflects the changes in taxable income among the Company s three geographic areas, which have different income tax rates.  
  Net Income.   Net income was approximately   $19.0 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $50.8 million   for the same period in   2015   for the reasons set forth above.  
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Revenues decreased by   $210.1 million  , or approximately   32.7%  , to   $432.6 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $642.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Product revenues decreased by approximately   $168.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   as a result of decreased revenues of   $155.8 million   in subsea equipment,   $3.5 million   in surface equipment and   $9.6 million   in offshore rig equipment. Product revenues decreased in the Eastern Hemisphere, Western Hemisphere and Asia-Pacific by   $96.0 million  ,   $47.6 million   and   $25.3 million  , respectively, largely due to the decline in oil and gas prices resulting in decreases in the demand for exploration and production equipment, especially subsea equipment. In any given time period, the revenues recognized between the various product lines and geographic areas will vary depending upon the timing of shipments to customers, completion status of the projects accounted for under the percentage-of-completion accounting method, market conditions and customer demand. Service revenues decreased by approximately   $41.2 million   resulting from decreased service revenues of   $19.9 million   in the Western Hemisphere,   $12.2 million   in the Eastern Hemisphere and   $9.1 million   in Asia-Pacific. The decrease in service revenues is largely due to the decline in oil and gas prices leading to decreased exploration and production activities. 

19 

     Table of Contents  

Cost of Sales.   Cost of sales decreased by   $100.3 million  , or approximately   28.6%  , to   $250.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $350.9 million   for the same period in   2015   as a result of lower revenues. As a percentage of revenues, cost of sales increased slightly to   57.9%   from   54.6%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily as a result of unabsorbed manufacturing costs.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.   For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by approximately   $36.4 million  , or   53.6%  , to   $31.5 million   from   $67.9 million   for the same period in 2015, primarily due to a pre-tax foreign currency transaction gain of   $28.1 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to a gain of   $1.1 million   for the same period in   2015  . The increase in the foreign exchange gain was caused by a   12.2%   decline in the value of the British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   primarily as a result of Brexit. During the first   nine   months of 2015, the value of the British pound sterling declined only   3.2%  . Stock award expense totaled   $9.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $9.8 million   for the same period in   2015  . The remaining decrease was primarily due to a reduction in personnel and related costs associated with workforce reductions. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to   7.4%   in the first   nine   months of   2016   from   10.6%   for the same period in   2015  .  
  Engineering and Product Development Expenses.   For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , engineering and product development expenses totaled   $33.1 million   compared to   $35.3 million   for the same period in   2015  , a decrease of   $2.2 million  , or   6.5%  . The majority of the decrease in expense was due to a reduction in personnel and related costs associated with workforce reductions. Engineering and product development expenses as a percentage of revenues increased to   7.6%   in the first   nine   months of   2016   from   5.5%   for the same period in   2015   mainly resulting from the   32.7%   decrease in revenues.  
  Income Tax Provision  . Income tax expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $27.5 million   on income before taxes of   $119.4 million  , resulting in an effective income tax rate of approximately   23.0%  . Income tax expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was   $45.4 million   on income before taxes of   $189.1 million  , resulting in an effective income tax rate of approximately   24.0%  . The decrease in the effective income tax rate percentage primarily reflects the changes in taxable income among the Company s three geographic areas, which have different income tax rates.  
  Net Income.   Net income was approximately   $91.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $143.7 million   for the same period in   2015   for the reasons set forth above.  

20 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Cash flows provided by (used in) type of activity were as follows: 

Statements of cash flows for entities with international operations that are local currency functional exclude the effects of the changes in foreign currency exchange rates that occur during any given period, as these are non-cash changes. As a result, changes reflected in certain accounts on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows may not reflect the changes in corresponding accounts on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
  The primary liquidity needs of the Company are (i) to fund capital expenditures to improve and expand facilities and manufacture additional running tools and (ii) to fund working capital. The Company s principal source of funds is cash flows from operations.  
  Net cash provided by operating activities increased   $62.8 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to changes in operating assets and liabilities of    $110.7 million   offset partially by lower net income of   $51.7 million   between the two periods.  
  The increase in operating assets and liabilities for the first   nine   months of   2016   of   $100.6 million   was due to a   $92.1 million   decrease in trade receivables primarily related to increased collection efforts and a decline in revenues. Prepaids and other assets decreased by   $34.4 million   due to decreases in vendor prepayments and the amortization of miscellaneous prepaid expenses.  Inventory increased   $12.5 million   due to increases in inventory for long-term projects. Accounts payable and accrued expenses decreased by approximately   $13.3 million   due largely to a decrease in customer prepayments of   $10.5 million   and a decrease in accrued compensation of   $5.2 million   primarily related to headcount reductions. 
    
  The decrease in operating assets and liabilities for the first   nine   months of   2015   of   $10.1 million   primarily reflected a   $70.7 million   decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by a decrease in trade receivables of   $60.3 million  . Trade receivables decreased in   2015   largely due to significant collections attributable to milestone billings on the Company's percentage-of-completion projects in the first quarter of   2015   partially offset by an increase in unbilled receivables. Inventory decreased by   $9.0 million   due to lower balances in finished goods. Accounts payable and accrued expenses decreased due to a decrease in customer prepayments of   $44.3 million   from recognition of revenues under the percentage-of-completion method and payments of accrued federal and local taxes.   
  Capital expenditures by the Company were   $20.3 million   and   $16.7 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. The capital expenditures for the first   nine   months of   2016   were   $10.7 million   for machinery and equipment,   $8.6 million   for facilities and   $1.0 million   for other capital expenditures. The capital expenditures for the first   nine   months of   2015   were primarily   $8.7 million   for machinery and equipment,   $6.4 million   for running tools and   $1.3 million   for other expenditures.  
  The exercise of stock options generated cash to the Company of   $0.9 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   as compared to   $2.0 million   in the same period of   2015  .  
  On February 26, 2015, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase plan under which the Company was authorized to repurchase up to $100 million of its common stock. The Company repurchased and cancelled 1,184,700 shares under this plan in 2015 for a total cost of $75.8 million. During the second quarter of   2016  , the Company completed the stock repurchase program by repurchasing and canceling 400,500 shares under this plan for a total cost of   $24.2 million  .  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

On July 26, 2016, the Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase plan under which the Company can repurchase up to $100 million of its common stock. The repurchase plan has no set expiration date and any repurchased shares are expected to be cancelled. No repurchases have been made pursuant to this plan. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has no commercial lending arrangement or lines of credit. The Company believes that cash generated from operations plus cash on hand will be sufficient to fund operations, working capital needs and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. However, continued significant declines in hydrocarbon prices, catastrophic events or significant changes in regulations affecting the Company or its customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity. Should market conditions result in unexpected cash requirements, the Company believes that borrowing from commercial lending institutions would be available and adequate to meet such requirements. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  The Company has no derivative instruments and no off-balance sheet hedging or financing arrangements, contracts or operations. 
   
  Other Matters 
  From time to time, the Company enters into discussions or negotiations to acquire other businesses or enter into joint ventures. The timing, size or success of any such efforts and the associated potential capital commitments are unpredictable and dependent on market conditions and opportunities existing at the time. The Company may seek to fund all or part of any such efforts with proceeds from debt or equity issuances. Debt or equity financing may not, however, be available at that time due to a variety of events, including, among others, the Company s credit ratings, industry conditions, general economic conditions and market conditions. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  Refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a discussion of our critical accounting policies. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were no material changes in our judgments and assumptions associated with the development of our critical accounting policies. 

Item 3.        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  The Company is currently exposed to certain market risks related to interest rate changes on its short-term investments and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The Company does not engage in any material hedging transactions, forward contracts or currency trading which could mitigate the market risks inherent in such transactions. There have been no material changes in market risks for the Company from   December 31, 2015  . 
  Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 
  The Company has operations in various countries around the world and conducts business in a number of different currencies.  Our significant foreign subsidiaries may also have monetary assets and liabilities not denominated in their functional currency.  These monetary assets and liabilities are exposed to changes in currency exchange rates which may result in non-cash gains and losses primarily due to fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and each subsidiary's functional currency. 
  The Company experienced a foreign currency pre-tax gain of approximately   $5.5 million   during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and a pre-tax gain  of   $28.1 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to approximately   $6.5 million   and   $1.1 million   in pre-tax gains during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. These gains were primarily due to the exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the British pound sterling.  
  The Company does not engage in any material hedging transactions, forward contracts or currency trading which could mitigate the effects and risks inherent in such transactions. Additionally, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to protect itself against currency fluctuations in the future.  

Item 4.        Controls and Procedures 
    In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

report. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016   to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 
  There has been no change in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.        Legal Proceedings 
  For a description of the Company s legal proceedings, see  Commitments and Contingencies,  Note 7 to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors 
  There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 2.        Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  None. 

24 

Table of Contents  

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes certain statements that may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Statements contained in all parts of this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are beyond the control of Dril-Quip, Inc. (the  Company  or  Dril-Quip ). You can identify the Company s forward-looking statements by the words  anticipate,   estimate,   expect,   may,   project,   believe  and similar expressions, or by the Company s discussion of strategies or trends. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct. These forward-looking statements include the following types of information and statements as they relate to the Company: 
             
    future operating results and cash flow; 
                
    scheduled, budgeted and other future capital expenditures; 
                
    working capital requirements; 
                
    the need for and the availability of expected sources of liquidity; 
                
    the introduction into the market of the Company s future products; 
                
    the market for the Company s existing and future products; 
                
    the Company s ability to develop new applications for its technologies; 
                
    the exploration, development and production activities of the Company s customers; 
                
    compliance with present and future environmental regulations and costs associated with environmentally related penalties, capital expenditures, remedial actions and proceedings; 
                
    effects of pending legal proceedings; 
                
    changes in customers  future product and service requirements that may not be cost effective or within the Company s capabilities; and 
                
    future operations, financial results, business plans and cash needs. 
     These statements are based on assumptions and analyses in light of the Company s experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors the Company believes were appropriate in the circumstances when the statements were made. Forward-looking statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could significantly impact expected results, and actual future results could differ materially from those described in such statements. While it is not possible to identify all factors, the Company continues to face many risks and uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially are the risks and uncertainties discussed under  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in Part I of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and the following: 
             
    the volatility of oil and natural gas prices; 
                
    the cyclical nature of the oil and gas industry; 
                
    uncertainties associated with the United States and worldwide economies; 
                
    uncertainties regarding political tensions in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere; 
                
    current and potential governmental regulatory actions in the United States and regulatory actions and political unrest in other countries; 
                
    uncertainties regarding future oil and gas exploration and production activities, including new regulations, customs requirements and product testing requirements; 
                
    operating interruptions (including explosions, fires, weather-related incidents, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties, transportation interruptions, spills and releases and other environmental risks); 
                
    project terminations, suspensions or scope adjustments to contracts reflected in the Company s backlog; 
                
    the Company s reliance on product development; 
                
    technological developments; 
                
    the Company s reliance on third-party technologies; 
     
   25 

     Table of Contents  

acquisition and merger activities involving the Company or its competitors; 
                
    the Company s dependence on key employees and skilled machinists, fabricators and technical personnel; 
                
    the Company s reliance on sources of raw materials; 
                
    impact of environmental matters, including future environmental regulations; 
                
    competitive products and pricing pressures; 
                
    fluctuations in foreign currency, including those attributable to Brexit; 
                
    the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to set and maintain production levels and pricing; 
                
    the Company s reliance on significant customers; 
                
    creditworthiness of the Company s customers; 
                
    fixed-price contracts; 
                
    changes in general economic, market or business conditions; 
                
    access to capital markets; 
                
    negative outcome of litigation, threatened litigation or government proceedings; 
                
    terrorist threats or acts, war and civil disturbances; and 
                
    the interpretation of foreign tax laws with respect to our foreign subsidiaries. 
     Many of such factors are beyond the Company s ability to control or predict. Any of the factors, or a combination of these factors, could materially affect the Company s future results of operations and the ultimate accuracy of the forward-looking statements. Management cautions against putting undue reliance on forward-looking statements or projecting any future results based on such statements or present or prior earnings levels. Every forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement, and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement. 
  
   26 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
  (a) Exhibits 
  The following exhibits are filed herewith: 
   
 ____________________________ 
  *    Incorporated herein by reference as indicated. 
  
   27 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

DRIL-QUIP, INC. 

Date: October 27, 2016 
    BY: 
    /s/ Jerry M. Brooks 

Jerry M. Brooks, 

Vice President Finance and 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer and 

Duly Authorized Signatory) 

28 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit1012016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDMENT TO CONTRACT #4600368806 between Petr leo Brasileiro S.A. - Petrobras and Dril Quip do Brasil Ltda. 
    
  Petroleo Brasileiro S.A. - Petrobras, society of mixed economy, with headquarters in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro State, the 1120 Republic of Chile, 65, entered in the National Register of Legal Entities under the n      the    33,000.167/0001-01, hereinafter referred to as the Petrobras, and Dril Quip do Brasil Ltda., with headquarters in the road of Imboassica, 853, Imboassica, Maca , State of Rio de Janeiro, entered in the National Register of Legal Entities under the n. 03,432.310/0001-73, hereinafter referred to as the Contractor, have each other just and agreed to amend the Contract #4600368806, subject to the following terms and conditions: 
    
  FIRST CLAUSE - OBJECT 
    
  1.1.     This amendment has the following object: 
    
  1.1.1.     to extend the contractual deadline, without any inflow of funds. 
    
  SECOND CLAUSE - AMENDMENT 
    
  2.1.     extend from 06/08/2016, inclusive, the contractual deadline set forth in item 1.13 of clause 1  - Term and duration, of the contract by an additional 90 calendar days without inflow of funds, with a new expiration date of 27/10/2016. 
    
  2.2. To     change the item 1.13 of the contract, which shall come into force with the following. 
    
  "1.13.     The term of this agreement will last for 1,530 days, with permission of renewal of period by up to the equivalent period in common agreement." 
    
  THIRD CLAUSE - DURATION 
    
  3.1.     This amendment becomes effective upon signature. 
    
  FOURTH CLAUSE - RATIFICATION 
    
  4.1.     The parties ratify the other conditions set forth in the contract/Carta-Contrato 4600368806 and its amendments, which are not expressly modified by this instrument. 
    
  And by being fair and agreed upon, the parties sign this amendment along with the witnesses below. 

/s/ Eduardo Antonio de Souza      
  Eduardo Antonio de Souza 
  Petroleo Brasileiro S.A. - Petrobras 
  Date: 29/7/2016 
    
  /s/ Fife Ellis                                   
  Fife Ellis 
  DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA. 
  Date: 27/7/2016 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exhibit1022016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 
  Page 1 

EXTRAJUDICIAL AGREEMENT 

PETR LEO BRASILEIRO S.A. - PETROBRAS  , a joint stock company, enrolled in the Brazilian Corporate Taxpayers Registry (CNPJ) under number 33.000.167/0001-01, headquartered in the city of Rio de Janeiro, state of Rio de Janeiro, at Avenida Rep blica do Chile, 65, Centro, hereinafter referred to as   PETROBRAS  , hereby represented by the General Manager of the Goods and Services Provision Unity for DP T-E P, Jo o Henrique Rittershaussen, the company   DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA  ., enrolled in the Brazilian Corporate Taxpayers Registry (CNPJ) under number 03.432.310/0001-73, headquartered at Estrada de Imboassica, 853, in the city of Maca , state of Rio de Janeiro, hereby represented by its representative Fife B. Ellis, hereinafter referred to as   CONTRACTOR   and the company   DRIL QUIP INC  ., headquartered at 6401 N. Eldridge Pkwy., Houston,   TX 77041  , EUA, hereby represented by its representative, Corbiano d'Aquino Fonseca Neto, and jointly referred to as   PARTIES  . 
    
  WHEREAS: 
  I -   PETR LEO BRASILEIRO S. A. - PETROBRAS   and   DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA.   have entered into the Contract no. 4600368806 on 08/20/2012 aimed at providing Subsea Wellhead System and Installation Tools; 
  II -   PETR LEO BRASILEIRO S. A. - PETROBRAS   and   DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA.   have entered into the Contract no. 4500864744 issued on 02/15/2006 for the acquisition of Slender 15  System; 
  III -   PETR LEO BRASILEIRO S. A. - PETROBRAS   and   DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA.   have entered into the Contract no. 4500864832 issued on 02/15/2006 for the acquisition of Slender 15  System; 
  IV -   PETR LEO BRASILEIRO S. A. - PETROBRAS   and   DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA.   have entered into the Contract no. 44600293366 on 05/12/2009 aimed at providing Subsea Wellhead System and Installation Tools; 
  V -   PETR LEO BRASILEIRO S. A. - PETROBRAS   and   DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA.   have agreed, in Contract no. 4600368806, (i) the elimination of the effective commitment for acquisition of eighty percent (80%) of the total contracted value for Consumables and Tools and; (ii) the extension of the term for the period of 1350 days upon execution of the amendment 03 to that Contract; 
  VI - due to the modifications above, other contractual instruments were affected, two of them entered by and between PETR LEO BRASILEIRO S.A. - PETROBRAS and DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA. (in this case, the contracts no. 4500864832 and 44600293366) and one of them entered by and between PETR LEO BRASILEIRO S.A. - PETROBRAS and DRIL QUIP INC. (in this case, contract no. 4500864744); 

Exhibit 10.1 
  Page 2 

VII - the   PARTIES   reached a fair agreement, preventing litigation on pending matters identified over ongoing negotiations concerning the Contract no. 4600368806 and under Contracts nos. 4500864832, 44600293366, 4500864744; 
  VIII - the   PARTIES   exercise their freedom to conduct legal business, following the precepts of public order and the principles of social role, economy, reasonability, probity and good faith, and under any circumstances this legal transaction will imply in abuse of rights or recognition of guilt in the pending matters aforementioned; 
  The parties execute this Extrajudicial Agreement, hereinafter referred to as   AGREEMENT  , based on clause 840 of the Brazilian Civil Code, with the following clauses and conditions: 
  CLAUSE ONE - PURPOSE 
  1.1.    This   AGREEMENT   aims to establish the effective resolution of the following matters: 
  1.1.1    In Contract no. 4600368806: 
  1.1.1.1      PETR LEO BRASILEIRO S. A. - PETROBRAS   and   DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA.   will enter into an amendment aimed at: 
  (a)    Eliminating the effective commitment for acquisition of eighty percent (80%) of the total contracted amount for Consumables and Tools in the relevant Contract. 
  (b)    Including PETROBRAS s commitment to issue three (3) Purchase Orders in the amount of thirty-two million six hundred and sixty-seven thousand Reals (R$32,667,000.00) each, totaling a total contractual commitment equivalent to ninety-eight million one thousand Reals (R$98,001,000.00), for the supply of equipment and bushings for Wellhead Systems, which scope will be defined by PETROBRAS. 
  (b.1) The parties mentioned before undertake to, within 30 days after the execution of the amendment, issue the first of the three orders, given that deliveries and payments of items contained in this Purchase Order will start only in the year 2017 and no financial advance event will be due in 2016. 
  (b.2) The parties mentioned before undertake to issue the remaining Purchase Orders in the years 2017 and 2018, respectively, and their delivery will begin only in the years 2018 and 2019, respectively. 
  (c)    Extend the term of the aforementioned Contract for the period of 1350 days, by means of amendment, to be signed on the same date of this   AGREEMENT  . 
  (d)    Modify (i) the percentage mentioned in item 8, "a", from 20% to 10%, and (ii) the percentage mentioned in item 8, "c , is revised from 70% to 80%. 

Exhibit 10.1 
  Page 3 

(e)    Include item 8.4, as below: 
  "8.4. The events referred to in item 8 may be requested only within the term for preparation of the items and requests must be bounded to a purchase order." 
  1.1.1.2.    PETROBRAS agrees to revoke all notifications of cancellation and return issued for all equipment listed in Tables 1, 2a, 2b and 3 of Annex 1 to this document, related to Contract no. 4600368806, preserving any applicable fines. 
  1.1.1.3.    PETROBRAS shall pay any amounts not paid related to the equipment listed in Tables 1, 2a and 2b of Annex 1 to this document, related to Contract no. 4600368806, and PETROBRAS irrevocably accepts to deliver all such equipment and goods, preserving any applicable fines. 
  1.1.1.4.    The PARTIES agree that PETROBRAS can keep the notifications of cancellation of purchase orders for the equipment listed in Table 4 of Annex 1, related to Contract no. 4600368806, without obligation to make any payment, preserving any applicable fines related to cancellation, without double penalty for the same act. 
  1.1.2    In Contracts no. 4500864744 and no. 4500864832; 
  1.1.2.1.    PETROBRAS agrees to revoke all notifications of cancellation and return issued for all equipment listed in Tables 1, 2a, 2b and 3 of Annex 1 to this document, related to Contracts no. 4500864744 and no. 4500864832, preserving any applicable fines. 
  1.1.2.2.    PETROBRAS shall pay any amounts not paid related to the equipment listed in Tables 1, 2a and 2b of Annex 1 to this document, related to Contracts no. 4500864744 and no. 4500864832, and PETROBRAS irrevocably accepts to deliver all such equipment and goods, preserving any applicable fines. 
  1.1.3    In Contract no. 4600293366: 
  1.1.3.1.    PETROBRAS agrees to revoke all notifications of cancellation and return issued for all equipment listed in Tables 1, 2a, 2b and 3 of Annex 1 to this document, related to Contract no. 4600293366, preserving any applicable fines. 
  1.1.3.2.    PETROBRAS shall pay any amounts not paid related to the equipment listed in Tables 1, 2a and 2b of Annex 1 to this document, related to Contract no. 4600293366, and PETROBRAS irrevocably accepts to deliver all such equipment and goods, preserving any applicable fines. 

Exhibit 10.1 
  Page 4 

1.1.3.3.    PETROBRAS agrees to revoke the notifications of cancellation of purchase orders for the equipment listed in Table 3 of Annex 1 related to the Contract no. 4600293366, and the parties hereby agree the payment, by PETROBRAS, of amount corresponding to the direct costs incurred from the equipment manufacturing to the time of issuance of notifications of cancellation, now under revocation, including costs of raw material and labor levied on them, to be duly proven by the respective contractor if verified by PETROBRAS, preserving any applicable fines. 
    
  CLAUSE THREE - RELEASE 
  2.1.    Immediately after the fulfillment of the obligations under this   AGREEMENT  , DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA. and DRIL QUIP INC.: 
  a)    give full, public, general and irrevocable release from all obligations and patrimonial and non-patrimonial damages that they may have suffered, directly or indirectly, as a result of the event(s) described in items 1.1.1 to 1.1.3 of this   AGREEMENT  , and no claim, in or out of court, for any reason, will be accepted. 
  b)    release PETROBRAS, as well as its employees, managers, representatives, contractors, insurers and reinsurers and eventual third parties involved, from any responsibility resulting from the event(s) described in items 1.1.1 to 1.1.3 of this   AGREEMENT  , and assume such responsibility, making their successors, representatives, contractors, employees, managers and delegates also responsible for such event(s). 
  c)    acknowledge that the fulfillment of the obligations provided for in this AGREEMENT and done without any direct or indirect guilt or responsibility arising from pending matters related to the event(s) described in item 1.1.1 to 1.1.3 of this AGREEMENT, as well as this AGREEMENT will not be used as acknowledgment of any responsibility for future or present claims that may be presented or be similar to the pending matters described in this AGREEMENT. 
  2.2    The execution of this   AGREEMENT   does not exempt DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA. and DRIL QUIP INC. from their responsibilities in the applicable laws regarding labor, pension, tax and environmental obligations. 
  2.3    This   AGREEMENT   is irrevocably signed, without right to retraction. 
  CLAUSE THREE - JURISDICTION 
  3.1.    The parties hereby elect the District Court of the City of Rio de Janeiro to resolve disputes arising from this   AGREEMENT  , waiving the right to any other, however privileged it may be. 

Exhibit 10.1 
  Page 5 

In witness whereof, the parties hereby execute this   AGREEMENT   in four (4) copies of equal content and form in the presence of the witnesses below, who also execute this instrument. 
  Rio de Janeiro, dated October 17, 2016 
    
  /s/   Jo o Henrique RittersHaussen        
  Jo o Henrique RittersHaussen 
  General Manager of the Goods and Services Provision Unity for DP T-E P  
  PETR LEO BRASILEIRO S.A. - PETROBRAS 
    
  /s/   Fife B. Ellis     
  Fife B. Ellis 
  Representative 
  DRIL QUIP DO BRASIL LTDA  . 
    
  /s/   Corbiano d Aquino Fonseca Neto        
  Corbiano d Aquino Fonseca Neto 
  Representative 
  DRIL QUIP INC. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit3112016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
  I, Blake T. DeBerry, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Dril-Quip, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                 Date: October 27, 2016 

/s/ Blake T. DeBerry 
        
    Blake T. DeBerry 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit3122016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
  I, Jerry M. Brooks, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Dril-Quip, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                 Date: October 27, 2016 

/s/ Jerry M. Brooks 
        
    Jerry M. Brooks 
        
    Vice President Finance and 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit3212016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Dril-Quip, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Blake T. DeBerry, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                 Date: October 27, 2016 

/s/ Blake T. DeBerry 
        
    Blake T. DeBerry 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit3222016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Dril-Quip, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jerry M. Brooks, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                 Date: October 27, 2016 

/s/ Jerry M. Brooks 
        
    Jerry M. Brooks 
        
    Vice President Finance and 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 drq-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 drq-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 drq-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 drq-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 drq-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 drq-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

