<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161223_10-K_edgar_data_96699_0001144204-16-141277_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5706889</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>184935</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>296611</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1566088</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2549436</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>970519</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>143</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-141277.hdr.sgml : 20161223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161223163232
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-141277
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TECHNICAL COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096699
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				042295040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34816
		FILM NUMBER:		162069209

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 DOMINO DR
		CITY:			CONCORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01742
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9782875100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 DOMINO DRIVE
		CITY:			CONCORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01742-2892

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-141277.txt : 20161223

10-K
 1
 v454761_10k.htm
 10-K

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

 (Mark One) 

For the transition
period from _______ to _______ 

Technical Communications Corporation 

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Common
    Stock, $0.10 par value  
         
      NASDAQ
    Capital Market   
 
     (Title of each class) 
       
     (Name of each exchange  

on which registered)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: 

Not applicable   

 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES   
 NO        

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. YES   
 NO     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES    
NO     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES    
NO     

Indicate by check
mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
         
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         
     Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES   
 NO        

Based on the closing
price as of April 1, 2016, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant
was $4,044,333. 

The number of shares
of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.10 per share, outstanding as of December 16, 2016 was 1,839,877. 

Portions of the Company s
Definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Company s 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to be held February 13, 2017 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

TECHNICAL COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION

Annual Report on Form 10-K  

  For the Year Ended October 1, 2016  

Table of Contents  

Part I   

Item 1. 
      Business  
     1  

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     9  

Item 1B. 
      Unresolved Staff Comments  
     14  

Item 2. 
      Properties  
     14  

Item 3. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     14  

Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     14  

Part II   

Item 5. 
      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
     15  

Item 6. 
      Selected Financial Data  
     16  

Item 7. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     16  

Item 7A. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     24  

Item 8. 
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
     24  

Item 9. 
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
     24  

Item 9A. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     24  

Item 9B. 
      Other Information  
     25  

Part III   

Item 10. 
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
     26  

Item 11. 
      Executive Compensation  
     26  

Item 12. 
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
     26  

Item 13. 
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
     26  

Item 14. 
      Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
     26  

Part IV   

Item 15. 
      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
     27  

Item 16. 
      Form 10-K Summary  
     28  

Signatures    
     29  

This annual report on Form 10-K contains
or incorporates by reference not only historical information, but also forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are subject
to the safe harbors created by those sections. We refer you to the information under the heading  Forward-Looking Statements. 
As used in this annual report on Form 10-K, references to the  Company,   TCC,   we,   our 
or  us,  unless the context otherwise requires, refer to Technical Communications Corporation and our subsidiaries.
All trademarks or trade names referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners. 

PART I  

Item 1.   BUSINESS  

Technical Communications
Corporation was organized in 1961 as a Massachusetts corporation to engage primarily in consulting activities. Since the late
1960s, the business has consisted entirely of the design, development, manufacture, distribution, marketing and sale of communications
security devices, systems and services. The secure communications solutions provided by TCC protect vital information transmitted
over a wide range of data, video, fax and voice networks. TCC s products have been sold into over 115 countries to governments,
military agencies, telecommunications carriers, financial institutions and multinational corporations. The Company s business
consists of one industry segment, which is the design, development, manufacture, distribution, marketing and sale of communications
security devices, systems and services. 

Overview  

The Company s
products consist of sophisticated electronic devices that enable users to transmit information in an encrypted format and permit
recipients to reconstitute the information in a deciphered format if the recipient possesses the right decryption  key .
The Company s products can be used to protect confidentiality in communications between radios, telephones, mobile phones,
facsimile machines and data network equipment over wires, fiber optic cables, radio waves, and microwave and satellite links.
The principal markets for the Company s products are foreign and domestic governmental agencies, law enforcement and military
agencies, financial institutions, and multinational companies requiring protection of mission-critical information. 

TCC historically and
presently designs and develops its own equipment and software to meet the requirements of general secure communications applications,
as well as the custom-tailored requirements of specific users. A customer may order equipment that is specially programmed to
encrypt transmissions in accordance with a code to which only the customer has access. Management believes the coordinated development
of cryptographic software and associated hardware allows TCC to provide high-strength encryption security products with efficient
processing and transmission. Both criteria, the Company believes, are essential to customer satisfaction. 

TCC manufactures most
of its products using third-party vendors for the supply of components and selected processing. Final assembly, software loading,
testing and quality assurance are performed by TCC at its factory. This manufacturing approach allows TCC to competitively procure
the components from multiple suppliers while maintaining control of the manufacture and performance of the final product. 

TCC s products
are sold worldwide through a variety of channels depending on the country and the customer. Generally, TCC does not use stocking
distributors because the Company s products are required to be sold under an applicable U.S. government license, which generally
requires end-user information. Rather, the Company sells directly to customers, original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs )
and value-added resellers using its in-house sales force as well as domestic and international representatives, consultants and
distributors. The marketing and selling approach varies with each country and often involves extensive test and demonstration
activity prior to the consummation of a sale. TCC has a network of in-country representatives and consultants who conduct performance
demonstrations, market the products and close the sale, and who handle on behalf of TCC many of the ancillary requirements pertaining
to importation duties, taxes, registration fees, and product receipt and acceptance. After-sale, in-country support by the representatives
maintains customer satisfaction and provides a liaison for the Company s customer support services. 

Providing secure communications
systems and services for government and military markets worldwide remains a principal focus for TCC, as the Company believes
continued concerns over security will sustain demand for increased protection of both voice and data networks. Our focus in the
government market also now includes law enforcement special operations customers. Additionally, we see increased interest for
secure communications in the corporate industrial sector. The Company is pursuing selected, evolutionary upgrades and product
derivatives of our government/military products both to provide entry into these new markets and meet new requirements of our
existing customers. We believe the ability of TCC to custom-tailor cryptographic functions and control systems to satisfy unique
customer requirements will meet a growing demand as customers become more sophisticated in defining their communications security
needs. 

2016 Highlights and Recent Events  

In fiscal 2016, TCC
completed delivery of several foreign and domestic contracts for its DSP 9000 radio encryption product family and services received
in fiscal 2015, and provided engineering services under contracts received in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016. The Company also sold
its 10.8% ownership stake in PulsedLight, Inc., an early-stage start-up company, which resulted in a gain on the sale of $462,000.
Additionally, in early fiscal 2017, the Company received an order valued at approximately $2,373,000 from Datron World Communications,
Inc. for our military-grade DSP 9000 radio encryption equipment. Follow-on orders are expected as part of Datron s five-year,
$495 million Foreign Military Sales Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity contract from the US Army Communications Electronic
Command. 

Revenue in fiscal
2016 was $2,523,000 with a net loss of $(2,472,000) or $(1.34) per share. Major domestic and international contracts did not materialize
during the fiscal year as expected due to long government procurement cycles. TCC s backlog at the end of fiscal 2016 was
$313,000, as compared to $717,000 at the end of fiscal 2015. However with the order from Datron indicated above, TCC began fiscal
2017 with a backlog of $2.7 million. 

Offering high-end
custom cryptographic services and solutions is an established market niche for the Company and we believe an important competitive
differentiator. In fiscal 2016, custom TCC equipment and services continued to provide recurring revenue opportunities within
the Company s established government systems product line, primarily the DSP 9000 radio encryption product family and engineering
services. The Company also has several significant opportunities it is pursuing for foreign government custom network security
systems. 

The market for high-end
communications security systems is competitive and subject to long government procurement cycles, unpredictable order fulfillment
lead times and fluctuating market conditions. While TCC has a pipeline of potential contracts and initiatives in development,
the timing and outcome of these potential contracts is unknown. As such, in fiscal 2016, TCC continued to closely monitor and
reduce operating expenses as appropriate, while strategically investing in business development efforts. 

Technical work continued
to focus on three principal areas: development of solutions that meet the needs of OEMs; product enhancements that include expanded
features, planned capability and applications growth; and custom solutions that tailor our products and services to meet the unique
needs of our customers. Going forward, the Company expects to continue technical efforts in these areas while also increasing
our systems design and integration capabilities and services offering portfolio. The following are highlights of our product development
efforts in fiscal 2016: 

Development to enhance the ability of the DSD 72B-SP
fiber optic network encryption family to integrate national algorithms. TCC believes custom algorithm integration is a competitive
differentiator for the Company in foreign markets. 

Custom development and feature expansion of our HSE
6000 radio encryption product. 

Custom engineering services for government applications. 

Production readiness of TCC products. 

Escalating turmoil
around the world presents both significant opportunities and challenges for TCC. The threat of terrorism and other political unrest
increases the demand for security products that provide both strategic and tactical benefits, and are readily available. At the
same time, political disruptions can cause unpredictable and erratic delays in the processing of procurements, delivery of products
and receipt of payments. The combined effects present a situation that challenges both our sales capture teams and our production
capabilities. The Company believes these market conditions will provide opportunities to build a successful future through its
efforts to enlarge and enhance its product line and expand its customer base by both identifying new customers for existing and
new products and offering such products to current customers. 

Products and Services  

Described below is
TCC s portfolio of communications security solutions for mission-critical voice, data and video networks for military, government
and corporate/industrial applications. 

The Government Systems
product line has traditionally been the Company s core product base and typically generates more than 80% of the Company s
revenue. During fiscal 2016 there was a shift in business whereby 60% of the Company s revenue was generated by our engineering
services. Although we expect engineering services to remain strong we also expect that sales of our Government Systems products
will constitute the majority of our revenue in the future. These products, such as the DSD 72A-SP military bulk encryptor, CSD
3324 SE telephone/fax encryptor, and DSP 9000 radio encryptor, have proven to be highly durable, which has led to significant
repeat business from our government customers. The Company believes that these products and their derivatives will continue to
be the Company s most significant source of near term future revenues. 

The Company s
Secure Office Systems product line had primarily consisted of products that were originally acquired through an asset and rights
purchase from a subsidiary of AT T in 1995. These products are no longer being marketed. While one of these products, the
CSD4100 secure executive telephone, is still available and remains profitable, demand for it has diminished in recent years. We
will continue to offer this product from existing inventory, which we anticipate will be sufficient for several more years. 

Offering CipherTalk  
 secure mobile phone communications since 2005,  the Company in fiscal
2016 introduced its next-generation CipherTalk secure mobile IP-based phone. The market for high-end  secure wireless mobile
phones is competitive and product demand  continues to develop modestly.

With the availability
of our next-generation IP and SONET/SDH encryptors and ability to integrate customer-specific national algorithms, the Company
believes that its Network Security Systems are competitive for a growing niche of mission-critical government and industrial/corporate
network applications worldwide. TCC is hopeful that future derivatives of its IP encryptor and KEYNET IP Manager system will expand
the market opportunity for these products. 

The Company also provides
customized tools, products and training upon a customer s request, as well as design solutions for OEM requirements. In
addition, the Company actively sells its engineering services in support of funded research and development. These services are
typically billed to a customer on a time and materials basis and can run for several months to several years depending on the
scope of the project. 

Government Systems  

The Company s
DSD 72A-SP Military Bulk Ciphering System is a rugged military system that provides a high level of cryptographic security for
data networks operating at up to 34 million bits per second. The product supports a wide variety of interfaces and is designed
to integrate into existing networks. Reliable secure communication is achieved with communication synchronization methods built
to maintain connections in error and jamming environments such as radio relay networks, missile systems and microwave systems. 

TCC s DSD 72A-SP
(STM) SONET/SDH network encryptor meets the environmental and operational requirements for military environments and operates
at 155 Mb/s and 622 Mb/s performance. It is designed to support customers with TCC s DSD 72A-SP system that are transitioning
to higher speed SONET/SDH networks. 

The Company s
DSP 9000 Radio Security family of products offers strategic-level security for voice and data communications sent over HF, VHF
and UHF channels. Designed for military environments, the Company believes these products provide high voice quality over poor
line connections, making them an attractive security solution for military aircraft, naval, base station and manpack radio applications.
These products provide automated key distribution for security and ease of use. They are also radio independent because software
programmable interfaces allow radio interface levels to be changed without configuring the hardware. Base station, handset and
implant board configurations are available options. All versions interoperate with TCC s HSE 6000 Squad Radio Headset and
Telephone Encryptor for cross-network secure voice conferencing. The DSP 9000 base station model also interoperates with the Company s
CSD 3324 SE secure telephone system to enable  office-to-field  communications. 

TCC s HSE 6000
Squad Radio Headset and Telephone Encryptor is designed for public safety special operations land mobile radio applications, as
well as military applications. With the optional Telephone Interconnect Kit, the HSE 6000 connects to corded handset telephones
for secure voice communications and radio-to-telephone conferencing over Voice over IP, digital, and analog telephone networks.
It is also interoperable with the DSP 9000 radio security product family, enabling secure voice communications and cross-network
conferencing across and between air, land, sea and office. 

The Company s
CSD 3324 SE Secure Telephone, Fax and Data system provides strategic-level communications security for voice, fax and data encryption
in a telephone package designed for government applications needing high reliability. The product has a fallback mode, which was
originally developed for poor HF channels. As a result, secure communications are possible even over poor line conditions. TCC's
high-level encryption and automated key distribution system protect sensitive information, and internal storage of 800 keys provides
hands-off security. 

The Company s
CSD 3324 SP telephone and fax system provides integrated secure voice and fax security in a telephone package designed for government
and corporate applications. The CSD 3324 SPV secure telephone secures voice communications over the public switched telephone
network and interoperates with the CSD 3324 SP system. TCC s CSD 3324 SPF fax encryptor attaches to fax machines to secure
fax transmissions and is also compatible with the CSD 3324 SP. 

Network Security
Systems  

TCC offers network
encryption systems with KEYNET centralized key and device management for IP, SONET/SDH and frame relay networks to secure data
in transit from local area network to local area network and across wide area networks. During 2014 the Company introduced KEYNET
Lite, a version of KEYNET for small networks. The Company supports the industry standard Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES )
256-bit cryptographic algorithm and can integrate customer-specific national algorithms to meet customer-specific needs. All of
TCC s encryption systems are designed to seamlessly overlay onto existing networks without requiring infrastructure changes.
Network performance impact is negligible and we believe the systems are easy to deploy, monitor and manage. Additionally, the
Cipher X family offers scalable performance to higher speeds without changing hardware. This minimizes the entry cost of deploying
a security solution and provides a cost-effective path to meet evolving business needs. Upgrades are licensed and made available
on-demand via the KEYNET management system. All performance levels interoperate and are designed to have identical functionality. 

Cipher X 7211 IP Encryption
with KEYNET IP Manager provides strategic-level secure communications for large IP networks for point-to-point and multicast applications
such as video conferencing. It offers a unique combination of flexibility, scalable 1 gigabit per second performance and KEYNET
IP Manager for ease of use. The Cipher X 7211 is a hardware-based, FIPS 140-2 Level 3 designed encryption device. 

The DSD 72B-SP and
DSD 72A-SP (STM)   encryption family with KEYNET
Optical Manager provides strategic-level path encryption of voice, data and video transmitted over SONET/SDH networks at wirespeed
155 Mb/s and 622 Mb/s performance. It comes in rugged industrial and industrial versions to meet various environmental and operating
requirements. Protocol agnostic, the DSD 72B-SP family interoperates with any standard SDH or SONET network element. Automated
KEYNET key and device management provides ease of use. The DSD 72B-SP family is interoperable with the DSD 72A-SP (STM) SONET/SDH
encryptor for military environments. 

Our Cipher X 7100
Frame Relay Encryption with KEYNET key and device management secures data transmitted over frame relay networks at up to 2 megabits
per second. Encryption based on both the older Triple DES standard and AES 256-bit algorithm are available and the same KEYNET
system manages both system types. This product was designed to enable customers with Triple DES systems to evolve their network
to the latest AES 256-bit standard. 

Secure Office Systems  

The Company s
CSD 4100 Executive Secure Telephone offers strategic-level voice and data security in an executive telephone package. Exceptional
voice quality can be achieved with three different voice-coding algorithms. The product provides ease-of-use security features
such as automated key management, authentication, certification and access control. 

The
CipherTalk 8500 secure mobile phone is designed to provide military-grade encrypted voice and text communications anywhere in
the world over GSM and Wi-Fi networks. Introduced in fiscal 2016,  the CipherTalk 8500 IP-based secure wireless phone is
built on a hardened Android TM  smartphone platform for security and ease of use. 

Competition  

The market for communications
security devices and systems is highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change. The Company has several competitors,
including foreign-based companies, in the communications security device field. The Company believes its principal competitors
include Crypto AG, Thales Group, Motorola Solutions, Inc., General Dynamics Corporation, Omnisec AG, Cisco Systems, Inc., Certes
Networks, Inc., Gemalto N.V., Harris Corporation and Silent Circle, Inc. 

The Company competes
based on its service, the operational and technical features of its products, its customization abilities, its sales expertise,
and pricing. Many of TCC s competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, sales and marketing, distribution
and other resources, greater name recognition and longer standing relationships with customers. Competitors with greater financial
resources can be more aggressive in marketing campaigns, can survive sustained price reductions in order to gain market share
and can devote greater resources to support existing products and develop new competing products. 

Our competitive position
also depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, obtain and maintain intellectual property protection or
otherwise develop proprietary products or processes, and secure sufficient capital resources for product, research and development
efforts. 

Sales and Backlog  

In fiscal 2016, the
Company had three customers representing 90% of total net sales. These sales consisted primarily of our engineering services representing
60% of sales and shipments of our narrowband radio encryptors to a domestic customer for deployment into Afghanistan representing
18% of sales and additional sales of our narrowband radio encryptors to a domestic customer for deployment into North Africa representing
10% of sales. In fiscal 2015, the Company had three customers representing 81% of total net sales. These sales consisted primarily
of shipments of our DSD 72A-SP military bulk encryption system to a customer in Egypt representing 55% of sales and shipments
of our narrowband radio encryptors to a domestic customer for deployment into Afghanistan representing 13% of sales. We also had
sales of our engineering services representing 8% of sales. 

The Company sells
directly to customers, original equipment manufacturers and value-added resellers using its in-house sales force as well as domestic
and international representatives, consultants and distributors. International sales are made primarily through our main office.
We seldom have long-term contractual relationships with our customers and, therefore, generally have no assurance of a continuing
relationship within a given market. 

Orders for our products
are usually placed by customers on an as-needed basis and we typically ship products within 30 to 180 days of receipt of a customer's
firm purchase order. Our backlog consists of all orders received where the anticipated shipping date is within 12 months of the
order date. Because of the possibility of customer changes in delivery schedules or the cancellation of orders, our backlog as
of any particular date may not be indicative of sales in any future period. Our backlog as of October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015
was approximately $313,000 and $717,000, respectively. 

The Company expects
that sales to a relatively small number of customers will continue to account for a high percentage of the Company s revenues
for the foreseeable future. A reduction in orders from any such customer, or the cancellation of any significant order and failure
to replace such order with orders from other customers, would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
condition and results of operations. 

Regulatory Matters  

As a party to a number
of contracts with the U.S. government and its agencies, the Company must comply with extensive regulations with respect to bid
proposals and billing practices. Should the U.S. government or its agencies conclude that the Company has not adhered to federal
regulations, any contracts to which the Company is a party could be canceled and the Company could be prohibited from bidding
on or participating in future contracts. Such a prohibition would have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

All payments to the
Company for work performed on contracts with agencies of the U.S. government are subject to adjustment upon audit by the U.S.
Defense Contract Audit Agency, the U.S. Government Accountability Office, and other agencies. The Company could be required to
return any payments received from U.S. government agencies if it is found to have violated federal regulations. There have been
no government audits in recent years and the Company believes the result of such audits, should they occur, would not have a material
adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. In addition, U.S. government contracts may be canceled at any
time by the government with limited or no notice or penalty. Contract awards are also subject to funding approval from the U.S.
government, which involves political, budgetary and other considerations over which the Company has no control. 

The Company s
security products are subject to export restrictions administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce and Department of State,
which license the export of encryption products, subject to certain technical restrictions. In addition, U.S. export laws prohibit
the export of encryption products to a number of hostile countries. Although to date the Company has been able to secure necessary
U.S. government export licenses, there can be no assurance that the Company will continue to be able to secure such licenses in
a timely manner in the future, or at all. 

The U.S. government
controls, through a licensing process, the distribution of encryption technology and the sale of encryption products. The procedure
for obtaining the applicable license from either the Department of Commerce or the Department of State (depending on the U.S.
government s determination of jurisdiction) is well documented. The Company submits a license request application, which
contains information pertaining to: the type of equipment being sold; detailed technical description (if required); the buyer;
the end-user and use; quantity; and destination location. The appropriate departments of the U.S. government review the application
and a licensing decision is provided to the Company. Pursuant to the receipt of the license, the Company may ship the product. 

Many of TCC s
products can be sold under existing  blanket  licenses which have been obtained through a variant of the licensing
process that approves products for sale to certain classes of customers (e.g. financial institutions, civilian government entities
and commercial users). The Company has obtained  blanket  licenses for its secure telephone and office system products
and its family of network encryptors. Licenses for sales of certain other products and/or to certain end users must be submitted
for specific approval as described above. Although the U.S. government retains the right and ability to restrict product exports,
the Company does not believe that U.S. government licensing will become more restrictive or an impediment to its business. The
trend has been for the U.S. government to reduce the restrictions on the foreign sale of cryptographic equipment. TCC believes
this trend is driven by the government s recognition of the technology available from foreign sources and the need to allow
domestic corporations to compete in foreign markets. However, should the regulations become more restrictive, it would have a
negative impact on the Company s international business, the impact of which could be material. 

The costs and effects
of compliance by the Company with applicable environmental laws during fiscal 2016 were, and historically have been, immaterial.
In 2003 the European Union adopted the  Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive 2002/95/EC . In the event the
Company s sales to Europe increase, the Company may have to incur additional costs to provide for the disposal of its products
in compliance with that directive. 

Manufacturing  

TCC has several manufacturing
subcontractors and suppliers that provide outside processing of electronic circuit boards, fabrication of metal components, and
supply of electronic components. For the majority of purchased materials and services, TCC has multiple suppliers that are able
to deliver materials and services under short-term delivery purchase orders. Payment is typically made after delivery, based upon
standard credit arrangements. For a small minority of parts, there are limited sources of supply. In such cases, TCC monitors
source availability and usually stocks for anticipated long-term requirements to assure manufacturing continuity. Notwithstanding
the Company s efforts to maintain material supplies, shortages can and do develop, resulting in delays in production, significant
engineering development effort to find alternative solutions and, if production cannot be maintained, the discontinuation of the
affected product design. 

The Company s
internal manufacturing process consists primarily of adding critical components, final assembly, quality control, testing and
system burn-in. Delivery times vary depending on the products and options ordered. 

Technological Expertise  

TCC s technological
expertise and experience, including certain proprietary rights which it has developed and maintains as trade secrets, are crucial
to the conduct of the Company s business. Management is of the opinion that, while patent protection is desirable with respect
to certain of its products, none of the Company's patents are material to the conduct of its business. Eight patents have been
issued to the Company. The Company also has a number of registered and unregistered trademarks for various products, none of which
are material to the conduct of TCC s business. 

TCC has an on-going
technology license for communications protocol software used in the CipherONE family of Network Security System products. The
license is royalty-based and runs without a specified termination date. The cost of this license is immaterial. 

TCC has been designing
and producing secure, cryptography-based communications systems for over 50 years, during which time the Company has developed
many technological techniques and practices. This expertise and experience is in the areas of cryptographic algorithm design and
implementation, key distribution and management systems, cryptographic processors, voice and fax encryption, and electronic hardware
design. TCC relies on its internal technical expertise and experience, which TCC considers to be proprietary. These proprietary
technologies are owned by TCC, are under TCC s control, and have been documented consistent with standard engineering practices.
It is estimated that the majority of sales during the past two years and during the next two years will be of products that are
based upon TCC-proprietary designs.    

Such technological
experience and expertise are important as they enable an efficient design and development process. Loss of this experience and
expertise would have an adverse impact on the Company. However, TCC s practices governing the internal documentation of
design data mitigate some of the risk associated with the loss of personnel who are skilled in the core competencies described
above. 

With the exception
of the technology license referred to above, TCC has no material third party rights upon which the Company relies. Sales of the
products associated with this license have not been and are not anticipated to be significant to the Company s revenues. 

Research and Development  

Research and development
efforts are undertaken by the Company primarily on its own initiative. In order to compete successfully, the Company must attract
and retain qualified personnel, improve existing products and develop new products. No assurances can be given that the Company
will be able to hire and train such technical management and sales personnel or successfully improve and develop its products. 

During the fiscal
years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, the Company spent $828,000 and $2,300,000, respectively, on internal product
development. The Company also spent $1,178,000 and $223,000, on billable development efforts during fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.
In fiscal 2016, the Company s total product development costs were 20% lower than fiscal 2015 but in line with its planned
commitment to research and development, and reflected the costs of custom development, product capability enhancements and production
readiness. It is expected that product development expenses in fiscal 2017 will be in line with fiscal 2016 levels. 

Technical work continued
to focus on three principal areas: development of solutions that meet the needs of OEMs; product enhancements that include expanded
features, planned capability and applications growth; and custom solutions that tailor our products and services to meet the unique
needs of our customers. Going forward, the Company expects to continue technical efforts in these areas while also increasing
our systems design and integration capabilities and services offering portfolio. The following are highlights of our product development
efforts in fiscal 2016: 

Development to enhance the ability of the DSD 72B-SP
fiber optic network encryption family to integrate national algorithms. 

Custom development and feature expansion of our HSE
6000 radio encryption product. 

Custom engineering services for government applications. 

Production readiness of TCC products. 

Foreign Operations  

The Company s
results of operations are dependent upon its foreign sales, including domestic sales shipped to foreign end-users. Although foreign
sales were more profitable than domestic sales during fiscal years 2016 and 2015 because the mix of products sold abroad included
a greater number of products with higher profit margins, this does not represent a predictable trend. Sales to foreign markets
have been and will continue to be affected by, among other things, the stability of foreign governments, foreign and domestic
economic conditions, export and other governmental regulations, and changes in technology. The Company attempts to minimize the
financial risks normally associated with foreign sales by utilizing letters of credit confirmed by U.S. and foreign banks and
by using foreign credit insurance. Foreign sales contracts are usually denominated in U.S. dollars. 

The Company utilizes
the services of sales representatives, consultants and distributors in connection with foreign sales. Typically, representatives
are paid commissions and consultants are paid fixed amounts on a stipulated schedule in return for services rendered. Distributors
are granted discounted pricing. 

The export from the
United States of many of the Company s products may require the issuance of a license by the Department of State under the
Arms Export Control Act of 1976, as amended, or by the Department of Commerce under the Export Administration Act as kept in force
by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977, as amended. The licensing process is discussed in more detail under
the  Regulatory Matters  section above. 

In fiscal years 2016
and 2015, sales directly to international customers accounted for approximately 8.4% and 63.1%, respectively, of our net sales.
During those periods a significant portion of domestic sales (20% and 34%, respectively) were made to a domestic radio manufacturer
that shipped our radio encryption products overseas for use in Afghanistan. Based on our historical results we expect that international
sales, including sales to domestic customers that ship to foreign end-users, will continue to account for a significant portion
of our revenues for the foreseeable future. As a result, we are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including: 

changes in regulatory requirements, 

domestic and foreign government policies, including
requirements to expend a portion of program funds locally and governmental industrial cooperation requirements, 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, 

delays in placing orders, 

the complexity and necessity of using foreign representatives,
consultants and distributors, 

the uncertainty of the ability of foreign customers
to finance purchases, 

uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability
of funding credit or guarantees, 

imposition of tariffs or embargoes, export controls
and other trade restrictions, 

the difficulty of managing and operating an enterprise
spanning several countries, 

compliance with a variety of foreign laws, as well
as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad, and 

economic and geopolitical developments and conditions,
including international hostilities, acts of terrorism and governmental reactions, inflation, trade relationships and military
and political alliances. 

While these factors
and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our operations in the future. 

We also may not be
successful in obtaining the necessary licenses to conduct operations abroad, and the U.S. government may prevent proposed sales
to foreign governments or other end-users. 

Employees  

As of October 1, 2016,
the Company employed 26 full-time employees and two part-time employees, as well as several part-time consultants. The Company
believes that its relationship with its employees is good. 

Item 1A.  RISK FACTORS  

You should carefully consider the following
risk factors that affect our business. Such risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from those that are expressed
or implied by forward-looking statements contained herein. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing
us. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may become important
factors that affect us. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected. You should also consider the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2016 and subsequent quarterly reports filed with the SEC.  

Our quarterly operating results
typically fluctuate and our future revenues and profitability are uncertain.    

We have experienced
significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results during the last five years and anticipate continued substantial fluctuations
in our future operating results. A number of factors have contributed to these quarterly fluctuations including, but not limited
to: 

foreign political unrest; 

budgeting cycles of customers, including the U.S. government; 

introduction and market acceptance of new products
and product enhancements by us and our competitors; 

timing and execution of individual contracts; 

competitive conditions in the communications security
industry; 

changes in general economic conditions; and 

shortfalls of revenues in relation to expectations
that formed the basis for the calculation of fixed expenses. 

Our international operations expose
us to additional risks.   

The Company is dependent
upon its foreign sales (including domestic sales shipped to foreign end-users) and we expect that sales to foreign end-users will
continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. As a result, we are subject to the risks
of doing business internationally, including imposition of tariffs or embargoes, export controls, trade barriers and trade disputes,
regulations related to customs and export/import matters, fluctuations in foreign economies and currency exchange rates, longer
payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable, the complexity and necessity of using foreign representatives,
consultants and distributors, tax uncertainties and unanticipated tax costs due to foreign taxing regimes, the difficulty of managing
and operating an enterprise spanning several countries, the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights and differing
legal systems generally, compliance with a variety of laws, and economic and geopolitical developments and conditions, including
international hostilities, armed conflicts, acts of terrorism and governmental reactions, inflation, trade relationships, and
military and political alliances. 

We also may not be
successful in obtaining the necessary licenses to conduct operations abroad, including the export of many of the Company s
products, and the U.S. government may prevent proposed sales to foreign governments or certain international end-users. Export
restrictions, compliance with which imposes additional burdens on the Company, may further provide a competitive advantage to
foreign competitors facing less stringent controls on their products and services. 

We continue to focus
our efforts in emerging markets, including South America and Southwest Asia. In many of these emerging markets, we may be faced
with risks that are more significant than if we were to do business in developed countries, including undeveloped legal systems,
unstable governments and economies, and potential governmental actions affecting the flow of goods and currency. 

We continue to face a number of
risks related to current global economic and political conditions that could unfavorably impact our business.   

Global economic conditions
continue to be challenging for the secure communications markets, as many economies and financial markets remain in a recession
resulting from a number of factors, including adverse credit conditions, low economic growth rates, continuing high rates of unemployment,
and reduced corporate capital spending. Economic growth in the U.S. and many other countries has remained low and the length of
time these adverse economic conditions may persist is unknown. In addition, conflicts in the Middle East and elsewhere have created
many economic and political uncertainties that have impacted worldwide markets. These global economic and political conditions
have impacted and could continue to impact our business in a number of ways, including: 

Budgeting and forecasting are difficult:  It
is difficult to estimate changes in various parts of the U.S. and world economy, including the markets in which we participate.
Components of our budgeting and forecasting are dependent upon estimates of demand for our products, and the prevailing economic
and political uncertainties make estimating future income and expenditures difficult. 

Potential deferment or cancellation of purchases
and orders by customers:  Uncertainty about current and future global economic and political conditions may cause, and in some
cases has caused, governments and businesses to defer or cancel purchases. If future demand for our products declines due to deteriorating
global economic and political conditions, it will negatively impact our financial results. 

Customers' inability to obtain financing to make
purchases:  Some of our customers require substantial financing, including government financing, in order to fund their operations
and make purchases from us. The inability of these customers to obtain sufficient credit or other funds to finance purchases and/or
meet their payment obligations could have a negative impact on our financial results. 

Our future success will depend
on our ability to respond to rapid technological changes in the markets in which we compete.   

The markets for TCC s
products and services are characterized by rapid technological developments, changing customer technological requirements and
preferences, frequent new product introductions, enhancements and modifications, and evolving industry standards. Our success
will depend in large part on our ability to correctly identify emerging technological trends, enhance capabilities, and develop
and manufacture new technologies and products quickly, in a cost-effective manner, and at competitive prices. The development
of new and enhanced products is a complex and costly process. We may need to make substantial capital expenditures and incur significant
research and development costs to develop and introduce such new products and enhancements. Our choices for developing technologies
may prove incorrect if customers do not adopt the products we develop or if the technologies ultimately prove to be technically
or commercially unviable. Development schedules also may be adversely affected as the result of the discovery of performance problems.
If we fail to timely develop and introduce competitive new technologies, our business, financial condition and results of operations
would be adversely affected. 

Existing or new competitors may
develop competing or superior technologies . 

The industry in which
the Company competes is highly competitive, and the Company has several domestic and foreign competitors. Many of these competitors
have substantially greater financial, technical, sales and marketing, distribution and other resources, greater name recognition
and longer standing relationships with customers. Competitors with greater financial resources can be more aggressive in marketing
campaigns, can survive sustained price reductions in order to gain market share, and can devote greater resources to support existing
products and develop new competing products. Any period of sustained price reductions for our products would have a material adverse
effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. TCC may not be able to compete successfully in the
future and competitive pressures may result in price reductions, loss of market share or otherwise have a material adverse effect
on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. It is also possible that competing products will emerge
that may be superior in quality and performance and/or less expensive than those of the Company, or that similar technologies
may render TCC s products obsolete or uncompetitive and prevent the Company from achieving or sustaining profitable operations. 

The operating performance of our
products is critical to our business and reputation.  

The sale and use of
our products entail a risk of product failure, product liability or other claims. Occasionally, some of our products have quality
issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the product or the software used in the product. Often these issues are discovered
prior to shipment and may result in shipping delays or even cancellation of orders by customers. Other times problems are discovered
after the products have shipped, requiring us to resolve issues in a manner that is timely and least disruptive to our customers.
Such pre-shipment and post-shipment problems have ramifications for TCC, including cancellation of orders, product returns, increased
costs associated with product repair or replacement, and a negative impact on our goodwill and reputation. 

Once our products
are in use, any product failure, including software or hardware failure, which causes a breach of security with respect to our
customer s confidential communications could have a material adverse effect on TCC. There is no guarantee of product performance
or that our products are adequate to protect against all security breaches. While we attempt to mitigate such risks by maintaining
insurance and including warranty disclaimers and liability limitation clauses in our arrangements with customers, such mitigation
measures may not protect us against liability in all instances. If our products failed for any reason, our clients could experience
data loss, financial loss, personal and property losses, harm to reputation, and significant business interruption. Such events
may expose us to substantial liability, increased regulation and/or penalties, as well as loss of customer business and a diminished
reputation. Any product liability claims and related litigation would likely  be
time-consuming and expensive,  may not be adequately covered by insurance,  and
may delay or terminate research and development efforts, regulatory approvals and commercialization activities.  

If our products and services do
not interoperate with our end-users  products, orders could be delayed or cancelled, which could significantly reduce our
revenues.    

Our products are designed
to interface with our end-users  existing products, each of which has different specifications and utilizes multiple protocol
standards. Many of our end-users  systems contain multiple generations of products that have been added over time as these
systems have grown and evolved. Our products and services must interoperate with all of these products and services as well as
with future products and services that might be added to meet our end-users  requirements. If our products do not interface
with those within our end-users  products and systems, orders for our products could be delayed or cancelled, which could
significantly reduce our revenues. 

Government regulation and legal
uncertainties could harm our business .    

As a party to a number
of contracts with the U.S. government and its agencies, the Company must comply with extensive regulations with respect to bid
proposals and billing practices. Should the U.S. government or its agencies conclude that the Company has not adhered to federal
regulations, any contracts to which the Company is a party could be canceled and the Company could be prohibited from bidding
on or participating in future contracts. Moreover, payments to the Company for work performed on contracts with agencies of the
U.S. government are subject to audit and adjustment. The Company could be required to return any payments received from U.S. government
agencies if it is found to have violated federal regulations. There have been no government audits in recent years and the Company
believes the result of such audits, should they occur, would not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results
of operations. In addition, U.S. government contracts may be canceled at any time by the government with limited or no notice
or penalty. Contract awards are also subject to funding approval from the U.S. government, which involves political, budgetary
and other considerations over which the Company has no control. 

The Company s
security products are subject to export restrictions administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce and Department of State,
which license the export of encryption products, subject to certain technical restrictions. In addition, U.S. export laws prohibit
the export of encryption products to a number of hostile countries and some end-users. Although to date the Company has been able
to secure necessary U.S. government export licenses, there can be no assurance that the Company will continue to be able to secure
such licenses in a timely manner in the future, or at all. Delays in obtaining necessary approvals could be costly in terms of
lost sales opportunities and compliance costs. Should export restrictions increase or regulations become more restrictive, or
should new laws be enacted, it could have a negative impact on the Company s international business, which impact could
be material. 

Contracts with the U.S. government
may not be fully funded at inception and are subject to termination . 

A portion of our revenues
has historically been generated under agreements with the U.S. government. Any changes or delays in the budget of the U.S. government,
and in particular defense spending, could affect our business, and funding levels are difficult to predict with any certainty.
Moreover, certain multi-year contracts are conditioned on the continuing availability of appropriations. However, funds are typically
appropriated on a fiscal-year basis, even though contract performance may extend over many years, making future sales and revenues
under multi-year contracts uncertain. Changes in appropriations and budgets as well as economic conditions generally in subsequent
years may impact the funding for these contracts. In addition, changes in funding and other factors may lead to the termination
of such contracts. The U.S. government typically has the right to terminate agreements for convenience with little or no penalty.
Adverse changes in funding and the termination of government contracts could have a material adverse impact on the Company s
financial condition and results of operations. 

If the protection of our intellectual
property is inadequate, our competitors may gain access to our technologies.   

The Company s
technological expertise and experience, including certain proprietary rights that it has developed and maintains as trade secrets,
are crucial to the conduct of the Company s business and its ability to compete in the marketplace. Such technological expertise
and experience are important as they enable an efficient design and development process. Loss of this experience and expertise
would have an adverse impact on the Company. To protect our proprietary information, we rely primarily on a combination of internal
procedures, contractual provisions, and patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws. Such internal procedures and contractual
provisions may not prove sufficient to maintain the confidentiality and proprietary nature of such information and may not provide
meaningful protection in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure. Trade secret and copyright laws afford only limited
protection. Current and potential patents and trademarks may not provide us with any competitive advantage and patents and trademarks
must be enforced and maintained to provide protection, which may prove costly and time-consuming. 

Despite our efforts
to safeguard and maintain our proprietary rights, we may not be successful in doing so or the steps taken by us may be inadequate
to deter unauthorized parties from misappropriating our technologies or prevent them from obtaining and using our proprietary
information, products and technologies. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop similar technologies or design around
patents issued to us. 

Other parties may
have patent rights relating to the same subject matter covered by our products or technologies, enabling them to prevent us from
operating without obtaining a license and paying royalties. Third parties also may challenge our patents or proprietary rights
or claim we are infringing on their rights. Any claims of infringement or misappropriation, with or without merit, would likely
be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of resources, and cause delays in the development and commercialization
of our products. We may be required to expend significant resources to develop non-infringing intellectual property, pay royalties,
or obtain licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of such litigation. Royalties may be costly and licenses,
if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us, the absence of which could seriously harm our business. 

In addition, the laws
and enforcement mechanisms of some foreign countries may not offer the same level of protection as do the laws of the United States.
Legal protections of our rights may be ineffective in such countries, and technologies developed in such countries may not be
protected in jurisdictions where protection is ordinarily available. Our inability to protect our intellectual property both in
the United States and abroad would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company relies on a small
number of customers for a large percentage of its revenues.   

We will be successful
only if a significant number of customers adopt our secure communications products. Historically the Company has had a small number
of customers representing a large percentage of its total sales. Although the Company endeavors to expand its customer base, we
expect that sales to a limited number of customers will continue to account for a high percentage of our revenues in any given
period for the foreseeable future. This reliance makes us particularly susceptible to factors affecting those customers. If such
customers  business declines and as a result our sales to such customers decline without corresponding sales orders from
other customers, our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. It is difficult to predict the
rate at which customers will use our products, even in the case of repeat customers, and we do not typically have long-term contractual
arrangements. 

We may not be able to maintain
effective product distribution channels.   

We rely on an in-house
sales force as well as domestic and international representatives, consultants and distributors for the sale and distribution
of our products. Our sales and marketing organization may be unable to successfully compete against more extensive and well-funded
operations of certain of our competitors. In addition, we must manage sales and marketing personnel in numerous countries around
the world with the concomitant difficulties in maintaining effective communications due to distance, language and cultural barriers.
Further, certain of our distributors may carry competing products lines, which may negatively impact our sales revenues. 

Our management has determined that
the Company s internal control over financial reporting is currently not effective.    

Our management team,
under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, conducted an
assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the Company s
2016 fiscal year. In the course of that assessment, management identified a control deficiency that was also identified in the
course of its assessments for fiscal years 2008 through 2015. Specifically, management determined that TCC lacked sufficient staff
to adequately segregate accounting duties, which could result in a misstatement of financial statement items that would not be
detected. Management concluded that such control deficiency constituted a material weakness and that our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective as of October 1, 2016. 

Until we are able
to remediate the material weakness identified, such material weakness may materially and adversely affect our ability to report
accurately our financial condition and results of operations in the future in a timely and reliable manner. In addition, although
we review and evaluate our internal control systems to allow management to report on the sufficiency of our internal control over
financial reporting, we cannot assure you that we will not discover additional weaknesses in the future or that any corrective
actions taken to remediate issues identified during the course of an assessment will be effective. Any such additional weaknesses
or failure to remediate any existing weakness could materially adversely affect our financial condition or ability to comply with
applicable financial reporting requirements. 

We rely on single or limited sources for the manufacture
and supply of certain product components.    

For a small percentage
of parts, we rely upon a single or limited number of manufacturers and suppliers. Moreover, because we depend on third party manufacturers
and suppliers, we do not directly control product delivery schedules or product quality. In addition, we may not be able to maintain
satisfactory contractual relations with our manufacturers and suppliers. A significant delay in delivering products to our customers,
whether from unforeseen events such as natural disasters or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. If we lose any of the manufacturers or suppliers of certain product components, we expect
that it would take from three to six months for a new manufacturer or supplier to begin full-scale production of one of our products.
The delay and expense associated with qualifying a new manufacturer or supplier and commencing production could result in a material
loss of revenue and reduced operating margins and harm our relationships with customers. While we have not experienced any significant
supply problems or problems with the quality of the manufacturing process of our suppliers and there have been no materially late
deliveries of components or parts to date, it is possible that in the future we may encounter problems in the manufacturing process
or shortages in parts, components or other elements vital to the manufacture, production and sale of our products. 

The loss of existing key management
and technical personnel and the inability to attract new hires could have a detrimental effect on the Company . 

Our success depends
on identifying, hiring, training, and retaining qualified professionals. Competition for qualified employees in our industry is
intense and we expect this to remain so for the foreseeable future. If we were unable to attract and hire a sufficient number
of employees, or if a significant number of our current employees or any of our senior managers resign, we may be unable to complete
or maintain existing projects or bid for new projects of similar scope and revenue. The Company s success is particularly
dependent on the retention of existing management and technical personnel, including Carl H. Guild, Jr., the Company s President
and Chief Executive Officer. Although the Company has entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Guild, the loss or unavailability
of his services could impede our ability to effectively manage our operations. 

We may need to expand our operations
and we may not effectively manage any future growth.  

As of December 16,
2016, we employed 25 full-time and two part-time employees as well as several part-time consultants. In the event our products
and services obtain greater market acceptance, we may be required to expand our management team and hire and train additional
technical and skilled personnel. We may need to scale up our operations in order to service our customers, which may strain our
resources, and we may be unable to manage our growth effectively. If our systems, procedures, and controls are inadequate to support
our operations, growth could be delayed or halted, and we could lose our opportunity to gain significant market share. In order
to achieve and manage growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our operational and financial management capabilities.
Any inability to manage growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

Item 1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

Not applicable. 

Item 2.   PROPERTIES  

On April 1, 2014,
the Company entered into a new lease for its current facilities. This lease is for 22,800 square feet located at 100 Domino Drive,
Concord, MA. The Company has been a tenant in this space since 1983. This is the Company s only facility and houses all
manufacturing, research and development, and corporate operations. The initial term of the lease is for five years through March
31, 2019 at an annual rate of $171,000. In addition, the lease contains options to extend the lease for two and one half years
through September 30, 2021 and another two and one half years through March 31, 2024 at an annual rate of $171,000. Rent expense
for each of the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 was $171,000. 

Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

There are no current
legal proceedings as to which TCC or its subsidiary is a party or as to which any of their property is subject. 

Item 4.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

Item 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  

Market Information  

The Company s
common stock, $0.10 par value, trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol  TCCO.  The following table presents
low and high sales prices for the common stock for the time periods specified as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. 

Holders  

As of December 16,
2016, there were  68  record holders of our Common Stock. We believe there are approximately
1,100 beneficial holders of our stock. 

Dividends  

It is not the Company s
intention to pay dividends unless future profits warrant such actions. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

The following table
presents information about the Technical Communications Corporation 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and the Technical Communications
Corporation 2005 Non -Statutory Stock Option Plan , as of the fiscal
year ended October 1, 2016. For more information on these plans, see the discussion of the Company s stock option plans
and stock-based compensation plans included in Note 2 to the Company s financial statements as of and for the year ended
October 1, 2016, included herewith. 

(1) Of the 153,781 options outstanding
as of October 1, 2016, 127,081 were exercisable as of such date at an average exercise price of $9.76 per share. 

(2) Of the 89,900 options outstanding
as of October 1, 2016, all were exercisable as of such date at an average exercise price of $6.87 per share. 

Sales of Unregistered
Securities and Purchases by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers  

There were no sales
by the Company of unregistered shares of the Company s common stock during the 2016 fiscal year and no purchases of TCC
stock by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser during the fourth fiscal quarter of the 2016 fiscal year. 

Item 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

Not applicable. 

Item 7.   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere herein. 

Forward-Looking Statements   

The following discussion
may contain statements that are not purely historical. Such statements contained herein or as may otherwise be incorporated by
reference herein constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include but are not limited to statements regarding anticipated operating results, future
earnings, and the ability to achieve growth and profitability. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to the effect of foreign political unrest; domestic and foreign government
policies and economic conditions; future changes in export laws or regulations; changes in technology; the ability to hire, retain
and motivate technical, management and sales personnel; the risks associated with the technical feasibility and market acceptance
of new products; changes in telecommunications protocols; the effects of changing costs, exchange rates and interest rates; and
the Company's ability to secure adequate capital resources. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause the actual
results, performance or achievements of the Company, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more detailed discussion of the risks
facing the Company, see the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including this Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended October 1, 2016 and the  Risk Factors  section included herein. 

Overview   

TCC designs, manufactures,
markets and sells communications security equipment that utilizes various methods of encryption to protect the information being
transmitted. Encryption is a technique for rendering information unintelligible, which information can then be reconstituted if
the recipient possesses the right decryption  key . The Company manufactures several standard secure communications
products and also provides custom-designed, special-purpose secure communications products for both domestic and international
customers. The Company s products consist primarily of voice, data and facsimile encryptors. Revenue is generated principally
from the sale of these products, which have traditionally been to foreign governments either through direct sale, pursuant to
a U.S. government contract, or made as a sub-contractor to domestic corporations under contract with the U.S. government. We have
also sold these products to commercial entities and U.S. government agencies. In addition to product sales, we generate revenues
from contract engineering services performed for certain government agencies, both domestic and foreign, and commercial entities.

Critical Accounting Policies and
Significant Judgments and Estimates   

The discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated
financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting periods. 

On an ongoing basis,
management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, inventory reserves, receivable
reserves, impairment of long-lived assets, income taxes, fair value and stock-based compensation. Management bases its estimates
on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. By their nature estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and such differences may be material. 

The accounting policies
that management believes are most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results include
those listed below. For a more detailed discussion, see Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herewith. 

Revenue Recognition  

Product revenue is
recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the fee is fixed or determinable, delivery of the product and
passage of title to the customer has occurred and we have determined that collection of the fee is probable. Title to the product
generally passes upon shipment of the product, as the products are shipped freight on board shipping point, except for certain
foreign shipments where title passes upon entry of the product into the first port in the buyer s country. If the product
requires installation to be performed by TCC, or other acceptance criteria exist, all revenue related to the product is deferred
and recognized upon completion of the installation or satisfaction of the customer acceptance criteria. We provide for a warranty
reserve at the time the product revenue is recognized. 

We perform funded
research and development and technology development for commercial companies and government agencies under both cost reimbursement
and fixed-price contracts. Cost reimbursement contracts provide for the reimbursement of allowable costs and, in some situations,
the payment of a fee. These contracts may contain incentive clauses providing for increases or decreases in the fee depending
on how actual costs compare with a budget. Revenue from reimbursement contracts is recognized as services are performed. On fixed-price
contracts that are expected to exceed one year in duration, revenue is recognized pursuant to the proportional performance method
based upon the proportion of actual costs incurred to the total estimated costs for the contract. In each type of contract, we
receive periodic progress payments or payments upon reaching interim milestones, and we retain the rights to the intellectual
property developed in government contracts. All payments to TCC for work performed on contracts with agencies of the U.S. government
are subject to audit and adjustment by the Defense Contract Audit Agency. Adjustments are recognized in the period made. There
have been no government audits in recent years and the Company believes the result of such audits, should they occur, would not
have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. When the current estimates of total contract
revenue and contract costs for a product development contract indicate a loss, a provision for the entire loss on the contract
is recorded. Any losses incurred in performing funded research and development projects are recognized as funded research and
development expenses. 

Cost of product revenue
includes material, labor and overhead. Costs incurred in connection with funded research and development are included in cost
of sales. Product development costs are charged to billable engineering services, bid and proposal efforts or business development
activities, as appropriate. Product development costs charged to billable projects are recorded as cost of sales; engineering
costs charged to bid and proposal efforts are recorded as selling expenses; and product development costs charged to business
development activities are recorded as marketing expenses. Product development costs consist primarily of costs associated with
personnel, outside contractor and engineering services, supplies and materials. 

Inventory  

The Company values
its inventory at the lower of actual cost (based on first-in, first-out method) to purchase and/or manufacture or the current
estimated market value (based on estimated selling prices, less the cost to sell) of the inventory. The Company periodically reviews
inventory quantities on hand and records a provision for excess and/or obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast
of product demand, as well as historical usage. The Company evaluates the carrying value of inventory on a quarterly basis to
determine if the carrying value is recoverable at estimated selling prices. To the extent that estimated selling prices are less
than the associated carrying values, inventory carrying values are written down. In addition, the Company makes judgments as to
future demand requirements and compares those with the current or committed inventory levels. Reserves are established for inventory
levels that exceed future demand. It is possible that additional reserves above those already established may be required in the
future if market conditions for our products should deteriorate. 

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable
are reduced by an allowance for amounts that may become uncollectible in the future. The estimated allowance for uncollectible
amounts is based primarily on a specific analysis of accounts in the receivable portfolio and historical write-off experience.
While management believes the allowance to be adequate, if the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting
in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required, which would reduce net income. 
In addition, if the Company becomes aware of a customer s inability to meet its financial obligations to TCC, a specific
write-off is recorded in that amount.  

Accounting for Income Taxes  

The preparation of
our consolidated financial statements requires us to estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate,
including those outside the United States, which may subject the Company to certain risks that ordinarily would not be expected
in the United States. The income tax accounting process involves estimating our actual current exposure together with assessing
temporary differences resulting from differing treatments of items, such as inventory obsolescence and stock-based compensation,
for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities. We must then
record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 

Significant management
judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation
allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. We have recorded a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets of
approximately $4.1 million as of October 1, 2016 due to uncertainties related to our ability to realize these assets. The valuation
allowance is based on our estimates of taxable income by jurisdiction and the period over which our deferred tax assets will be
recoverable. In the event that actual results differ from these estimates or we adjust these estimates in future periods, we may
need to adjust our valuation allowance, which could materially impact our financial position and results of operation. 

Due to the nature
of our current operations in foreign countries (selling products into these countries with the assistance of local representatives),
the Company has not been subject to any foreign taxes in recent years and it is not anticipated that we will be subject to foreign
taxes in the near future. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

We measure compensation
expense for all stock-based payments based on the grant date fair value. We expense stock-based compensation over the employee s
requisite service period, generally the vesting period of the award. 

The choice of a valuation
technique to determine fair value, and the approach utilized to develop the underlying assumptions for that technique, involve
significant judgments. These judgments reflect management s assessment of the most accurate method of valuing the stock
options we issue, based on our historical experience, knowledge of current conditions, and beliefs of what could occur in the
future given available information. Our judgments could change over time as additional information becomes available to us, or
the facts underlying our assumptions change. Any change in our judgments could have a material effect on our financial statements.
We believe that our estimates incorporate all relevant information available at the time made and represent a reasonable approximation
in light of the difficulties involved in valuing non-traded stock options. 

Results of Operations   

Year ended October 1, 2016 as compared
to year ended October 3, 2015   

Net Sales  

Net sales for the
years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 were $2,523,000 and $5,942,000, respectively, a decrease of $3,419,000 or 58%.
Sales for fiscal 2016 consisted of $2,312,000, or 92%, from domestic sources and $211,000, or 8%, from international customers
as compared to fiscal 2015, in which sales consisted of $2,192,000, or 37%, from domestic sources and $3,750,000, or 63%, from
international customers. 

Foreign sales consisted
of shipments to four different countries during the year ended October 1, 2016 and six different countries during the year ended
October 3, 2015. A sale is attributed to a foreign country based on the location of the contracting party. Domestic revenue may
include the sale of products shipped through domestic resellers or manufacturers to international destinations. The table below
summarizes our principal foreign sales by country: 

For
the year ended October 1, 2016, revenue was derived primarily from  our engineering services amounting to $1,504,000 and
shipments of our narrowband radio encryptors to a domestic customer for deployment into Afghanistan amounting to $465,000 and
additional sales of our narrowband radio encryptors to a domestic customer for deployment into North Africa amounting to $243,000.
 We also sold our internet protocol encryptor to an international customer
amounting to $92,000 during our 2016 fiscal year.  

For
the year ended October 3, 2015, product sales revenue was derived primarily from shipments of our DSD 72A-SP military bulk encryption
system to a customer in Egypt amounting to $3,249,000, as well as an add-on order by the customer for spare parts amounting to
$147,000. Shipments of our narrowband radio encryptors to a domestic customer for deployment into Afghanistan amounted to $744,000
and we recorded revenue under two new engineering services contracts amounting to $555,000 during the period. We also sold  our
link encryptor to a domestic contractor for deployment into the Middle East amounting to  $432,000.
In addition, the Company made shipments of our narrowband radio encryptors to supply the secure radio and telephone encryption
solutions for a domestic prime contractor supporting a government customer in North Africa amounting to $116,000. We also sold
our internet protocol encryptor to two international customers amounting to $190,000 and to a domestic customer in the amount
of $30,000 during our 2015 fiscal year.  

Gross Profit  

Gross profit for fiscal
year 2016 was $509,000, a decrease of $2,856,000 from gross profit of $3,365,000 for fiscal year 2015. Gross profit expressed
as a percentage of sales was 20% in fiscal year 2016 compared to 57% in the prior year. This decrease is primarily the result
of 62% of annual income being derived from lower margin engineering services in fiscal 2016. 

Operating Costs and Expenses  

Selling, General and Administrative  

Selling, general and
administrative expenses for fiscal 2016 were $2,671,000, compared to $2,940,000 for fiscal 2015. This decrease of $269,000 was
attributable to a decrease in general and administrative expenses of $153,000 and a decrease in selling and marketing expenses
of $116,000 during the 2016 fiscal year. 

The decrease in general
and administrative costs for the year ended October 1, 2016 was primarily attributable to decreases in personnel-related costs
of $140,000 and legal fees and other public company expenses of $36,000. These decreases were offset by a decrease in bad debt
recovery of $25,000 for the period. 

The decrease in selling
and marketing expenses for the year ended October 1, 2016 was primarily attributable to decreases in outside consulting costs
of $81,000, engineering support of $128,000, sales and marketing agreements of $53,000, personnel-related costs of $14,000 and
travel costs of $9,000. These decreases were offset by increases in product evaluation costs of $92,000, product demonstration
costs of $35,000, bid and proposal efforts of $31,000 and marketing development efforts of $8,000 during the period. 

Product Development Costs  

Product development
costs for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were $828,000 and $2,300,000, respectively. This decrease of $1,472,000, or 64%, was primarily
attributable to decreases in personnel-related costs of $488,000 and outside contractor costs of $132,000. In addition, there
were billable engineering services contracts that resulted in decreased product development costs of $840,000 during the period. 

The Company actively
sells its engineering services in support of funded research and development. The receipt of these orders is sporadic, although
such programs can span over several months. In addition to these programs, the Company invests in research and development to
enhance its existing products or to develop new products, as it deems appropriate. There was $1,504,000 of billable engineering
services revenue generated during fiscal 2016 and $555,000 of billable engineering services revenue generated during fiscal 2015. 

Net Loss  

The Company generated
a net loss of $2,472,000 for fiscal 2016, as compared to a net loss of $1,822,000 for fiscal 2015. This $650,000, or 36%, increase
in net loss is primarily attributable to decreased gross profit of $2,856,000, which was partially offset by a decrease in operating
expenses of $1,741,000 and the gain on sale of a cost method investment of $462,000. 

The effects of inflation
and changing costs have not had a significant impact on sales or earnings in recent years. As of October 1, 2016, none of the
Company s monetary assets or liabilities was subject to foreign exchange risks. The Company usually includes an inflation
factor in its pricing when negotiating multi-year contracts with customers. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

We believe that our
overall financial condition remains strong. Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at October 1, 2016 totaled $3,352,000
and we continue to have no debt. It is anticipated that our cash balances and cash generated from operations will be sufficient
to fund our near-term research and development and marketing activities. 

Cash Requirements   

We believe that the
combination of existing cash, cash equivalents, and highly liquid short-term investments, together with future cash to be generated
by operations, will be sufficient to meet our ongoing operating and capital expenditure requirements for the foreseeable future
and at least through the end of fiscal year 2017. We also believe that, in the long term, an anticipated improvement of business
prospects, current billable activities and cash from operations will be sufficient to meet the Company s investment in product
development, although we can give no assurances. Delays in the timing of significant sales transactions with foreign governments,
U.S. government agencies and other organizations may have a significant negative effect on the Company s operations. Any
increase in development activities - either billable or new product related - will require additional resources, which we may
not be able to fund through cash from operations. The Company has some ability to mitigate this effect through cost-cutting measures.
In circumstances where resources will be insufficient, the Company will look to other sources of financing, including debt and/or
equity investments; however, we can provide no guarantees that we will be successful in securing such additional financing. 

Sources and Uses of Cash   

The following table
presents our abbreviated cash flows for the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015: 

Operating Activities   

The Company used approximately
$1,034,000 less cash from operating activities in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. This decreased use was primarily attributable
to lower collections of accounts of $3 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. This use was offset by a reduction of
inventories as a result of a write-down associated with older slow moving products of approximately $475,000 and a general reduction
in inventory levels of $209,000 in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015. 

Investing Activities   

Cash provided by investing
activities during fiscal 2016 decreased by approximately $137,000 to $1,266,000, compared to cash provided by investing activities
of $1,403,000 during fiscal 2015. This change is primarily attributable to the maturity of short-term investments in marketable
securities of $300,000 in fiscal 2016 as compared to $1,718,000 of maturities in fiscal 2015. This was partially offset by the
cash proceeds from the sale of the Company s investment in PulsedLight, Inc. of $661,000 and the reduction restricted cash
of $336,000 in fiscal 2016. 

Financing Activities   

There were no financing activities during
either fiscal 2016 or 2015. 

Debt Instruments   

The Company currently
maintains no debt instruments. 

Backlog  

Backlog at October
1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 amounted to $313,000 and $717,000, respectively. The orders in backlog at October 1, 2016 are expected
to ship over the next six to nine months depending on customer requirements and product availability. 

Performance guaranties  

Certain foreign customers
require the Company to guarantee bid bonds and performance of products sold. These guaranties typically take the form of standby
letters of credit. Guaranties are generally required in amounts of 5% to 10% of the purchase price and last in duration from three
months to one year. At October 1, 2016, the Company had three outstanding letters of credit in the amounts of $15,000, $12,000
and $1,000, which are secured by collateralized bank accounts totaling $28,000. At October 3, 2015, the Company had four outstanding
letters of credit in the amounts of $329,000, $16,000, $14,000 and $4,000, totaling $363,000. These collateralized bank accounts
represent cash which has restrictions on its use. 

Research and Development  

Research and development
efforts are undertaken by the Company primarily on its own initiative. In order to compete successfully, the Company must attract
and retain qualified personnel, improve existing products and develop new products. No assurances can be given that the Company
will be able to hire and train such technical management and sales personnel or successfully improve and develop its products. 

During the years ended
October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, the Company spent $828,000 and $2,300,000, respectively, on internal product development.
The Company also spent $1,178,000 and $223,000 on billable development efforts during fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. In fiscal
2016, the Company s total product development costs were 20% lower than fiscal 2015 but in line with its planned commitment
to research and development, and reflected the costs of custom development, product capability enhancements and production readiness.
It is expected that development expenses in fiscal 2017 will be in line with fiscal 2016 levels. 

Technical work continued
to focus on three principal areas: development of solutions that meet the needs of OEMs; product enhancements that include expanded
features, planned capability and applications growth; and custom solutions that tailor our products and services to meet the unique
needs of our customers. Going forward, the Company expects to continue technical efforts in these areas while also increasing
our systems design and integration capabilities and services offering portfolio. The following are highlights of our product development
efforts in fiscal 2016: 

Development
                                         to enhance the ability of the DSD 72B-SP fiber optic network encryption family to integrate
                                         national algorithms. TCC believes custom algorithm integration is a competitive differentiator
                                         for the Company in foreign markets.   

Custom
                                         development and feature expansion of our HSE 6000 radio encryption product.   

Custom
                                         engineering services for government applications.   

Production
                                         readiness of TCC products.   

It
is anticipated that cash from operations will fund our near-term research and development and marketing activities through at
least the end of our fiscal year 2017. We also believe that, in the long term, based on current billable activities, cash from
operations will be sufficient to meet the development goals of the Company, although we can give no assurances. Any increase in
development activities - either billable or new product related - will require additional resources, which we may not be able
to fund through cash from operations. In circumstances where resources will be insufficient, the Company will look to other sources
of financing, including debt and/or equity investments. 

Capital
Expenditures  

Other than those stated
above, there are no plans for significant internal product development or material commitments for capital expenditures in fiscal
2017. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

The Company does not
have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

New Accounting Pronouncements    

ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers, amended by ASU 2015-14 (Topic 606), ASU 2016-10, ASU 2016-11 and ASU 2016-12  

In May 2014, the
FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board issued guidance on the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop
a common revenue standard for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards that would: (1) remove inconsistencies
and weaknesses in revenue requirements, (2) provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, (3) improve comparability
of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions, and capital markets, (4) provide more useful information
to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements, and (5) simplify the preparation of financial statements
by reducing the number of requirements to which an entity must refer. This guidance is effective prospectively for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance and is still considering whether it will have a material effect
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. This guidance will become effective for TCC as of the beginning of our
2019 fiscal year. 

ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial
Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as
a Going Concern  

In August 2014,
the FASB updated U.S. GAAP to eliminate a critical gap in existing standards regarding disclosure of uncertainties about an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern. The new guidance clarifies the disclosures management must make in the organization s
financial statement footnotes when management has substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a  going concern. 
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance. The guidance applies to all companies and is effective for the annual reporting
periods ending after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. 

ASU 2015-01,
Income Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating
the Concept of Extraordinary Items  

In connection with
the FASB's efforts to simplify accounting standards, in January 2015 the FASB determined that eliminating the concept of extraordinary
items from GAAP would reduce the cost and complexity of applying U.S. GAAP, while maintaining or improving the usefulness of information
included in financial statements. The changes required by ASU 2015-01 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2015 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted so long as the guidance is applied from the
beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance but does not expect
its adoption will have any effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. This guidance will become effective
for TCC as of the beginning of our 2017 fiscal year. 

ASU No. 2015-11, Inventory (Topic
330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  

In July 2015, the
FASB issued guidance with respect to inventory measurement. This ASU requires inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and
net realizable value. The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The amendment is required to be applied prospectively, and early adoption is permitted. This
amendment is applicable for the Company beginning in the first quarter of our 2018 fiscal year and the adoption of this standard
is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. 

ASU No. 2016-02,
Leases  

In February 2016,
the FASB issued guidance with respect to leases. This ASU requires entities to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. This guidance offers specific accounting guidance
for a lessee, a lessor and sale and leaseback transactions. Lessees and lessors are required to disclose qualitative and quantitative
information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty
of cash flows arising from leases. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires a modified retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted.
We are currently evaluating the potential impact this standard will have on our financial statements and related disclosure. 

ASU No. 2016-09,
Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  

In March 2016, the
FASB issued guidance that simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both
public and nonpublic entities, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements,
as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance is applicable for the Company beginning in the first
quarter of our 2018 fiscal year. We are currently evaluating the method of adoption and the potential impact this standard will
have on our financial statements and related disclosure. 

Other recent accounting
pronouncements were issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force), the AICPA and the SEC during the 2016 and 2015
fiscal years but such pronouncements are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or
future financial statements. 

Item 7A.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

Not applicable. 

Item 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

The financial statements
and notes thereto listed in the accompanying index to financial statements (Item 15) are filed as part of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

Not applicable. 

Item 9A.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of disclosure
controls and procedures.  The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have reviewed and evaluated
the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that review and evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that the Company s current disclosure controls and procedures, as designed and implemented, are effective
to ensure that such officers are provided with information relating to the Company required to be disclosed in the reports the
Company files or submits under the Exchange Act and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the specified time periods. 

Management s
annual report on internal control over financial reporting.  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 1, 2016. In making
this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework,  established in 1992 .  

A goal of the assessment
was to determine whether any material weaknesses or significant deficiencies existed with respect to the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. A  material weakness  is defined as a significant deficiency, or a combination of
significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected.  A  significant deficiency  is a control deficiency,
or a combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects a company s ability to initiate, authorize, record, process
or report external financial data reliably in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles such that there is more
than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will
not be prevented or detected. 

In the course of its
assessment for fiscal year 2016, management identified a control deficiency that was also identified during its assessments for
the Company s 2008 through 2015 fiscal years. During the course of the previous years  evaluations, and again during
the evaluation for the 2016 fiscal year, management determined that the Company lacked sufficient staff to segregate accounting
duties. Management believes this control deficiency is primarily the result of the Company employing, due to its limited size,
the equivalent of only one and one-half persons performing all accounting-related on-site duties.  As a result, TCC does
not maintain adequate segregation of duties within its critical financial reporting applications, the related modules and financial
reporting processes.  This control deficiency could result in a misstatement of our interim or annual consolidated financial
statements that would not be detected. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constituted a material
weakness, and that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective, as of October 1, 2016. 

Management has discussed
the material weakness and related potential corrective actions with the Audit Committee and Board of Directors of the Company
and TCC s independent registered public accounting firm. As part of our 2017 assessment of internal control over financial
reporting, our management will test and evaluate additional controls implemented, if any, to assess whether they are operating
effectively. Our goal is to take all actions feasible given our financial condition to remediate any material weaknesses and enhance
our internal controls, but we cannot guarantee that our efforts, if any, will result in the remediation of our material weakness
or that new issues will not be exposed in the process. In designing and evaluating our internal control over financial reporting,
management recognizes that any controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute,
assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, with
the Company will be detected. 

Changes in internal
control over financial reporting .  There were no changes in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during its fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

Item 9B.   OTHER INFORMATION  

Not
applicable . 

Part III  

Item 10.   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

The
information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement, under the captions
 Members of the Board of Directors, Nominees and Executive Officers,   Certain Relationships and Related Person
Transactions; Legal Proceedings,   Corporate Governance,  and     Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance,   with     respect
to our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after
the end of the Company s 2016 fiscal year.  

The
Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all of its employees, officers and directors. A copy
of this code can be found on the Company s website at www.tccsecure.com/investors.aspx.  

Item 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

The
information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement,     under
the captions      Compensation  and  Compensation Discussion and
Analysis  with respect to our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s 2016 fiscal year.  

Item 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

The
information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to Part II, Item 5 herein under the caption  Equity
Compensation Plan Information  and by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement, under the caption    Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management,     with respect to our 2017
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of
the Company s 2016 fiscal year.   

Item 13.   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

The
information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement, under the captions
 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions;   Legal Proceedings 
and  Corporate Governance  with respect to our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s 2016 fiscal year.  

Item 14.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  

The
information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement, under the caption
Proposal V   Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm     with
respect to our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120
days after the end of the Company s 2016 fiscal year.  

PART IV  

Item 15.   EXHIBITS
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

(1)   Financial Statements  The following
                                         Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto are filed as part of Part II, Item
                                         8 of this report:   

(2)   List of Exhibits  

3.1  Articles of Organization of the
                                         Company (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report for 2005 on Form
                                         10-KSB, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2005)   

3.2  By-laws of the Company (incorporated
                                         by reference to the Company s 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
                                         on May 5, 1998)   

4  Rights Agreement, dated as of August
                                         7, 2014, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer   Trust Company,
                                         as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to the Company s 8-K filed with the
                                         Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2014)   

10.3  +    Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and
Carl H. Guild Jr., as of November 8, 2001 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-QSB filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on August 13, 2002) 

10.4  +    1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference
to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 1996) 

10.5  +    2001 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the
Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2001) 

10.6  Standard Form Commercial Lease,
                                         dated March 27, 2014, between the Company and Batstone LLC (incorporated by reference
                                         to the Company s 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
                                         2, 2014)   

10.8  Security Agreement, dated February 22, 2012, between the
                                         Company and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to the Company s 10-K
                                         filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2014)   

10.11  Contract with U.S. Army Contracting
                                         Command, dated May 2, 2013, contract No. W15P7T-13-C-D519 (Confidential portions of this
                                         exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission
                                         pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                                         10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
                                         on August 13, 2013.)   

10.12  Purchase Order from Datron World
                                         Communications dated October 8, 2013 (Confidential portions of this exhibit have been
                                         omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
                                         a request for confidential treatment.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to
                                         the Company s Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December
                                         19, 2013.)   

10.13  Contract with the Egyptian Armament
                                         Authority with an effective date of November 25, 2014 (Confidential portions of this
                                         exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission
                                         pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.) (incorporated by reference to the
                                         Company s 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22,
                                         2014)   

10.14*  Purchase Order from Datron                                          World Communications
                                                                    originally received on October 13, 2016 and updated on December 15, 2016 (Confidential portions of this exhibit have
                                                                    been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant
                                                                    to a request for confidential treatment.)   

14  Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
                                         (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report for 2003 on Form 10-KSB,
                                         filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2004.)   

21*  List of Subsidiaries of the Company 

23*  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

32*  Certifications of Chief Executive
                                         and Chief Financial Officers pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350   

101.INS  XBRL Report Instance Document   

101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document   

Footnotes:  

*  Attached to this filing 

+  Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

Not
applicable . 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TECHNICAL
    COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION   

By:   
      /s/ Carl
    H. Guild, Jr.   

Carl
    H. Guild, Jr.     

Chief
    Executive Officer and President   

Chairman
    of the Board, Director   

Date:   
      December
    23, 2016   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature  
       
      Title  
       
      Date   

/s/
    Carl H. Guild, Jr.  
       
      Chief Executive
    Officer and President  
       
      December 23, 2016   
 
      Carl H. Guild, Jr.  
       
      Chairman of the
    Board, Director  

(Principal Executive
    Officer)  

/s/
    Michael P. Malone  
       
      Treasurer and Chief
    Financial Officer  
       
      December 23, 2016   
 
      Michael P. Malone  
       
      (Principal Financial  

and Accounting Officer)  

/s/
    Mitchell B. Briskin  
       
      Director  
       
      December 23, 2016   
 
      Mitchell B. Briskin  

/s/
    Thomas E. Peoples  
       
      Director  
       
      December 23, 2016   
 
      Thomas E. Peoples  

/s/
    Francisco F. Blanco  
       
      Director  
       
      December 23, 2016   
 
      Francisco F. Blanco  

Technical Communications Corporation
and Subsidiary 

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Technical Communications Corporation
and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

  Years ended October 1, 2016 and October
3, 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Technical Communications Corporation
and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  Years ended October 1, 2016 and October
3, 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Technical Communications Corporation
and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Stockholders' Equity  

  Years ended October 1, 2016 and October
3, 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

(1)    Company Operations  

Technical Communications Corporation
( TCC ) was incorporated in Massachusetts in 1961; its wholly-owned subsidiary, TCC Investment Corp., was organized
in that jurisdiction in 1982. Technical Communications Corporation and TCC Investment Corp. are collectively referred to as the
 Company . The Company s business consists of only one industry segment, which is the design, development, manufacture,
distribution, marketing and sale of communications security devices, systems and services. The secure communications solutions
provided by TCC protect vital information transmitted over a wide range of data, video, fax and voice networks. TCC s products
have been sold into over 115 countries and are in service with governments, military agencies, telecommunications carriers, financial
institutions and multinational corporations. 

The
Company s revenues have historically included significant transactions with foreign governments, U.S. government
agencies and other organizations. The Company expects this to continue for the foreseeable future. The extent and timing of
these transactions has in the past and will in the future have a significant impact on the cash flow and the earnings of the
Company. Delays in the timing of significant expected sales transactions would have a significant negative effect on the
Company s operations. The Company has some ability to mitigate this effect through cost-cutting measures. The Company
has incurred losses of approximately $8.4 million and negative cash flows from operations of approximately $4.5 million
during the past five years, though we believe we will have sufficient cash resources for operations through at least the end
of fiscal year 2017. 

(2)    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

We follow accounting standards
set by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, commonly referred to as the FASB. The FASB sets generally accepted accounting
principles ( GAAP ) that we follow to ensure we consistently report our financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. References to GAAP issued by the FASB in these footnotes are to the  FASB Accounting Standards Codification  TM ,
sometimes referred to as the Codification or ASC. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of TCC and its wholly-owned subsidiary, TCC Investment Corp., a Massachusetts corporation.
All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant
judgments and estimates include those related to revenue recognition, receivable reserves, inventory reserves, impairment of long-lived
assets, income taxes, fair value and stock-based compensation. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Cash and cash equivalents include
demand deposits at banks and other investments (including mutual funds) readily convertible into cash. Cash equivalents are stated
at cost, which approximates market value. At October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, the Company had restrictions on the use of cash
which was used as collateral to secure outstanding letters of credit totaling $27,592 and $363,358, respectively. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts
receivable are reduced by an allowance for amounts that may become uncollectible in the future. The estimated allowance for uncollectible
amounts is based primarily on a specific analysis of accounts in the receivable portfolio and historical write-off experience.
When the financial condition of our customers deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional
allowances are recorded.  In addition, if the Company becomes aware of
a customer s inability to meet its financial obligations to TCC, a specific write-off is recorded in that amount.  

Inventories  

The Company values its inventory
at the lower of actual cost (based on first-in, first-out method) to purchase and/or manufacture or the current estimated market
value (based on estimated selling prices, less the cost to sell) of the inventory. The Company periodically reviews inventory
quantities on hand and records a provision for excess and/or obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast of product
demand, as well as historical usage. The Company evaluates the carrying value of inventory on a quarterly basis to determine if
the carrying value is recoverable at estimated selling prices. To the extent that estimated selling prices are less than the associated
carrying values, inventory carrying values are written down. In addition, the Company makes judgments as to future demand requirements
and compares those with the current or committed inventory levels. Reserves are established for inventory levels that exceed future
demand. It is possible that additional reserves above those already established may be required in the future if market conditions
for the Company s products should deteriorate. 

Equipment and Leasehold Improvements  

Equipment and leasehold improvements
are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method over the lesser of the estimated
useful life of the asset or the applicable lease term. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related
accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations
for the period. The costs of maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred; significant renewals and betterments
are capitalized. 

Long-lived Assets  

The Company s only long-lived
assets are equipment and leasehold improvements. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. These events include a significant decrease in the market
price of a long-lived asset, a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used or
in its physical condition, a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value
of a long-lived asset, including an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, an accumulation of costs significantly in excess
of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of a long-lived asset, a current-period operating or cash
flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses, or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses
associated with the use of a long-lived asset, among other items. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by
a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by such
asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized
in the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. Although an indicator of impairment of our long-lived
assets did exist at October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, we determined that no impairment charge was required as an estimate of
our future undiscounted cash flows was sufficient to recover the assets. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

Revenue Recognition  

The Company
recognizes product revenue when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the fee is fixed or determinable, delivery of
the product and passage of title to the customer has occurred and the Company has determined that collection of the fee is probable.
Title to the product generally passes upon shipment of the product, as the products are shipped freight on board shipping point,
except for certain foreign shipments where title passes upon entry of the product into the first port in the buyer s country.
If the product requires installation to be performed by TCC or other acceptance criteria exist, all revenue related to the product
is deferred and recognized upon completion of the installation or satisfaction of the customer acceptance criteria. The Company
provides for a warranty reserve at the time the product revenue is recognized. 

The Company performs funded
research and development and technology development for commercial companies and government agencies under both cost reimbursement
and fixed-price contracts. Cost reimbursement contracts provide for the reimbursement of allowable costs and, in some situations,
the payment of a fee. These contracts may contain incentive clauses providing for increases or decreases in the fee depending
on how actual costs compare with a budget. 

Revenue from reimbursement
contracts is recognized as services are performed. On fixed-price contracts that are expected to exceed one year in duration,
revenue is recognized pursuant to the proportional performance method based upon the proportion of actual costs incurred to the
total estimated costs for the contract. In each type of contract, the Company receives periodic progress payments or payments
upon reaching interim milestones. All payments to the Company for work performed on contracts with agencies of the U.S. government
are subject to audit and adjustment by the Defense Contract Audit Agency. Adjustments are recognized in the period made. There
have been no audits in recent years and the Company believes the result of such audits, should they occur, would not have a material
adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. If the current estimates of total contract revenue and contract
costs for a product development contract indicate a loss, a provision for the entire loss on the contract is recorded. Any losses
incurred in performing funded research and development projects are recognized as funded research and development expenses. 

Cost of
product revenue includes material, labor and overhead. Costs incurred in connection with funded research and development are included
in cost of sales. Product development costs are charged to billable engineering services, bid and proposal efforts or business
development activities, as appropriate. Product development costs charged to billable projects are recorded as cost of sales;
engineering costs charged to bid and proposal efforts are recorded as selling expenses; and product development costs charged
to business development activities are recorded as marketing expenses. Product development costs consist primarily of costs associated
with personnel, outside contractor and engineering services, supplies and materials. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

Stock-based compensation cost
is measured at the grant date based on the calculated fair value of the award. The expense is recognized over the employee s
requisite service period, generally the vesting period of the award. The related excess tax benefit received upon the exercise
of stock options, if any, is reflected in the Company s statement of cash flows as a financing activity rather than an operating
activity. There were no excess tax benefits for the fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015. 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes
option pricing model as the method for determining the estimated fair value of its stock awards. The Black-Scholes method of valuation
requires several assumptions: (1) the expected term of the stock award, (2) the expected future stock price volatility over the
expected term, (3) a risk-free interest rate and (4) the expected dividend rate. The expected term represents the expected period
of time the Company believes the options will be outstanding based on historical information. Estimates of expected future stock
price volatility are based on the historic volatility of the Company s common stock and the risk free interest rate is based
on the U.S. Treasury Note rate. The Company utilizes a forfeiture rate based on an analysis of its actual experience. The forfeiture
rate is not material to the calculation of stock-based compensation. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

The fair value of options
at date of grant was estimated with the following assumptions: 

There were 14,000 options
granted during each of the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015. The weighted average grant date fair value of options
granted during the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 was $1.67 and $2.27, respectively. The following table summarizes
stock-based compensation costs included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the years ended October
1, 2016 and October 3, 2015: 

A summary of the status of the
Company s nonvested options as of October 1, 2016 and changes during the year ended October 1, 2016, is presented below: 

As of October 1, 2016, there
was $47,412 of unrecognized compensation cost related to options outstanding. The unrecognized compensation cost will be recognized
as the options vest. The weighted average period   over which the stock-based compensation cost
is expected to be recognized is 3.95 years. 

The Technical Communications
Corporation 2005 Non-Statutory Stock Option Plan and 2010 Equity Incentive Plan were outstanding at October 1, 2016. There were
an aggregate of 400,000 shares authorized for issuance under these plans, of which options to purchase 243,681 shares were outstanding
at October 1, 2016. Vesting periods are at the discretion of the Board of Directors and typically range between zero and five
years. Options under these plans are granted with an exercise price equal to fair market value at time of grant and have a term
of ten years from the date of grant. 

As of October 1, 2016, there
were 46,219 shares available for grant under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. On May 5, 2015 the 2005 Non-Statutory Stock Option
Plan expired and options are no longer available for grant under such plan. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

The following tables summarize
stock option activity during fiscal years 2015 and 2016: 

Information related to the stock
options vested or expected to vest as of October 1, 2016 is as follows: 

The aggregate intrinsic value
of the Company s  in-the-money  outstanding and exercisable options was $0 as of October 1, 2016 and October
3, 2015. There were no stock options exercised during the year ended October 1, 2016. There were 5,288 options exercised during
the year ended October 3, 2015 with a total intrinsic value of $5,605. Nonvested common stock options are subject to the risk
of forfeiture until the fulfillment of specified conditions. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income
taxes using the asset/liability method. Under the asset/liability method, deferred income taxes are recognized at current income
tax rates to reflect the tax effect of temporary differences between the consolidated financial reporting basis and tax basis
of assets and liabilities.   The Company provides a valuation allowance, if necessary, to reduce
deferred tax assets to their estimated realizable value. 

The
Company follows the appropriate guidance relative to uncertain tax positions. This standard provides detailed guidance for the
financial statement  recognition, measurement and disclosure of uncertain tax positions recognized in the financial statements.
Uncertain tax positions must meet a recognition threshold of more-likely-than-not in order for those tax positions to be recognized
in the financial statements. There were no uncertain tax positions for fiscal year 2016. For fiscal year 2015 the Company had
$45,631 of uncertain tax positions, which expired in fiscal year 2016 as the statute of limitation was surpassed. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

The Company s policy is
to record estimated interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes as a component of its income tax provision. 
For each of the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 the Company recorded $1,100 in interest and tax penalties. 

Warranty Costs  

The Company provides for estimated
warranty costs at the time product revenue is recognized based in part upon historical experience. 

Fair Value of Financial Measurements  

In determining fair value measurements,
the Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures . FASB ASC 820 defines fair
value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value under GAAP, and enhances disclosures about fair value measurements. The
topic provides a consistent definition of fair value which focuses on an exit price, which is the price that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
The topic also prioritizes, within the measurement of fair value, the use of market-based information over entity-specific information
and establishes a three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements based on the nature of inputs used in the valuation of an
asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three level hierarchy is as follows: 

Level 1 -  Pricing inputs are quoted prices available in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities as of the measurement date. 

Level 2 -  Pricing inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and
liabilities, or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term through corroboration
with observable market data. 

Level 3 -  Pricing inputs are unobservable for the assets and liabilities,
that is, inputs that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use
in pricing the asset or liability. 

In certain cases, the inputs
used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an asset or liability s
level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires
judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 

The Company s held to maturity
securities are comprised of investments in municipal bonds. These securities represent ownership in individual bonds in municipalities
within the United States. The Company also holds mutual funds held in the form of money market funds held by a brokerage account,
which are classified as cash equivalents. 

The fair value of these investments
is based on quoted prices from recognized pricing services (e.g. Standard   Poor s, Bloomberg, etc.), or in the case
of mutual funds, at their closing published net asset value. 

The Company assesses the levels
of the investments at each measurement date, and transfers between levels are recognized on the actual date of the event or change
in circumstances that caused the transfer in accordance with the Company s accounting policy regarding the recognition of
transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy.  During the fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015,
there were no transfers between levels. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

The following table sets forth
by level, within the fair value hierarchy, the assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of October 1, 2016 and October
3, 2015, in accordance with the fair value hierarchy as defined above. As of October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, the Company
did not hold any assets classified as Level 2 or Level 3. 

There were no assets or liabilities
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015. 

Earnings per Share (EPS)  

The Company presents both
a  basic  and a  diluted  EPS. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number
of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. In computing diluted EPS, stock options that are dilutive (those that
reduce earnings per share) are included in the calculation of EPS using the treasury stock method. The exercise of outstanding
stock options is not included if the result would be antidilutive, such as when a net loss is reported for the period or the option
exercise price is greater than the average market price for the period presented. 

Research and Development  

Research and development costs
are included in product development expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Expenditures for Company-sponsored
research and development projects are expensed as incurred, and were $827,987 and $2,299,671 in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Customer-sponsored
research and development projects performed under contracts are accounted for as contract costs as the work is performed and included
in cost of sales; such amounts were $1,177,734 and $222,569 in 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Fiscal Year-End Policy  

The Company s by-laws
call for its fiscal year to end on the Saturday closest to the last day of September, unless otherwise decided by its Board of
Directors. The 2016 fiscal year ended on October 1, 2016 and included 52 weeks. The 2015 fiscal year ended on October 3, 2015
and included 53 weeks. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

New Accounting Pronouncements  

ASU 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers, amended by ASU 2015-14 (Topic 606), ASU 2016-10, ASU 2016-11 and ASU 2016-12  

In May
2014, the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board issued guidance on the principles for recognizing revenue and
to develop a common revenue standard for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards that would: (1) remove inconsistencies
and weaknesses in revenue requirements, (2) provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, (3) improve comparability
of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions, and capital markets, (4) provide more useful information
to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements, and (5) simplify the preparation of financial statements
by reducing the number of requirements to which an entity must refer. This guidance is effective prospectively for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance and is still considering whether it will have a material effect
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. This guidance will become effective for TCC as of the beginning of our
2019 fiscal year. 

ASU 2014-15, Presentation
of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern  

In August
2014, the FASB updated U.S. GAAP to eliminate a critical gap in existing standards regarding disclosure of uncertainties about
an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The new guidance clarifies the disclosures management must make in the
organization s financial statement footnotes when management has substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a  going
concern.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance. The guidance applies to all companies and is effective for the
annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. 

ASU
2015-01, Income Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by
Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items  

In connection
with the FASB's efforts to simplify accounting standards, in January 2015 the FASB determined that eliminating the concept of
extraordinary items from GAAP would reduce the cost and complexity of applying U.S. GAAP, while maintaining or improving the usefulness
of information included in financial statements. The changes required by ASU 2015-01 are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted so long as the guidance is
applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance but
does not expect its adoption will have any effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. This guidance will
become effective for TCC as of the beginning of our 2017 fiscal year. 

ASU No. 2015-11, Inventory
(Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  

In July
2015, the FASB issued guidance with respect to inventory measurement. This ASU requires inventory to be measured at the lower
of cost and net realizable value. The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendment is required to be applied prospectively, and early adoption
is permitted. This amendment is applicable for the Company beginning in the first quarter of our 2018 fiscal year and the adoption
of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

ASU
No. 2016-02, Leases  

In February
2016, the FASB issued guidance with respect to leases. This ASU requires entities to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. This guidance offers specific accounting guidance
for a lessee, a lessor and sale and leaseback transactions. Lessees and lessors are required to disclose qualitative and quantitative
information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty
of cash flows arising from leases. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires a modified retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted.
We are currently evaluating the potential impact this standard will have on our financial statements and related disclosure. 

ASU
No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  

In March
2016, the FASB issued guidance that simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
for both public and nonpublic entities, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding
requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance is applicable for the Company beginning
in the first quarter of our 2018 fiscal year. We are currently evaluating the method of adoption and the potential impact this
standard will have on our financial statements and related disclosure. 

Other recent accounting pronouncements
were issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues   Task Force), the AICPA and the SEC during the 2016 and 2015 fiscal
years but such pronouncements are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future
financial statements. 

(3)    Net Loss Per Share    

Outstanding potentially dilutive
stock options which were not included in the net loss per share amounts as their effect would have been anti-dilutive were as
follows: 243,681 shares in fiscal year 2016 and 254,981 shares in fiscal year 2015. 

(4)    Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities    

The Company considers all highly liquid
instruments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Substantially all cash equivalents are invested
in money market mutual funds. Money market mutual funds held in a brokerage account are considered available for sale. The Company
accounts for marketable securities in accordance with FASB ASC 320,  Investments Debt and Equity Securities.  All marketable
securities must be classified as one of the following: held to maturity, available for sale, or trading. The Company classifies
its marketable securities as either available for sale or held to maturity. 

Available for sale securities are carried
at fair value, with unrealized holding gains and losses reported in stockholders  equity as a separate component of accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss). Held to maturity securities are carried at amortized cost. The cost of securities sold is determined
based on the specific identification method. Realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other than temporary,
are included in investment income. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

As of October 1, 2016, available for sale securities consisted
of the following: 

As of October 1, 2016, held to maturity securities consisted
of the following: 

As of October 3, 2015, available for sale securities consisted
of the following: 

As of October 3, 2015, held to maturity securities consisted
of the following: 

The contractual maturities of held to
maturity investments as of October 1, 2016 were as follows: 

The Company s available for sale
securities were included in the cash and cash equivalents caption in the consolidated balance sheets. 

(5)    Inventories    

Inventories consist of the following: 

As a result of changes in the market for
certain Company products and the resulting excess quantities, carrying amounts for those inventories were reduced by approximately
$213,000 and $667,000, during the years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively. Management believes that these
reductions properly reflect inventory at lower of cost or market, and no additional losses will be incurred upon disposition of
the excess quantities. While it is at least reasonably possible that the estimate will change materially in the near term, no
estimate can be made of the range of additional loss that is at least possible. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

(6) Equipment and Leasehold Improvements  

Equipment and leasehold improvements consist of
the following: 

Depreciation expense was $158,838 and
$199,251 for the fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively. 

On April 1, 2014, the Company entered
into a new lease for its current facilities. This lease is for 22,800 square feet located at 100 Domino Drive, Concord, MA. The
Company has been a tenant in this space since 1983. This is the Company s only facility and houses all manufacturing, research
and development, and corporate operations. The initial term of the lease is for five years through March 31, 2019 at an annual
rate of $171,000. Future minimum lease payments under the remainder of this lease total $427,500 at October 1, 2016. In addition
the lease contains options to extend the lease for two and one half years through September 30, 2021 and another two and one half
years through March 31, 2024 at an annual rate of $171,000. Rent expense for each of the years ended October 1, 2016 and October
3, 2015 was $171,000. 

(8)    Guarantees  

The Company's products generally carry
a standard 15 month warranty. The Company sets aside a reserve based on anticipated warranty claims at the time product revenue
is recognized. Factors that affect the Company's product warranty liability include the number of installed units, the anticipated
cost of warranty repairs and historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims. 

The following table reflects changes in
the Company's accrued warranty account: 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

(9)    Income Taxes  

The benefit for income taxes consists of the following: 

The benefit for income taxes are different
from those that would be obtained by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to loss before income taxes due to the following: 

Deferred income taxes consist of the following: 

During fiscal year 2016 the change in
the valuation allowance was $1,110,269 and related primarily to the net operating loss and inventory differences. During fiscal
year 2014 the Company established a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance is related to uncertainty
with respect to the Company s ability to realize its deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets consist of net operating loss
carryforwards, tax credits, inventory differences and other temporary differences. During fiscal year 2015 the change in the valuation
allowance was $614,860 and related primarily to the net operating loss and inventory differences. 

Due to the nature of the Company s
current operations in foreign countries (selling products into these countries with the assistance of local representatives),
the Company has not been subject to any foreign taxes in recent years. Also, it is not anticipated that the Company will be subject
to foreign taxes in the near future. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

The Company files
income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in the states of Massachusetts and New Hampshire. For U.S. federal purposes,
the tax years 2013 through 2015 and for state purposes 2012 through 2015 remain open to examination. In addition, the amount of
the Company s federal and state net operating loss carryforwards utilized in prior periods may be subject to examination
and adjustment. The Company has federal research credits of $128,080 available through fiscal year 2034 and net operating loss
carryforwards of $5,164,740 available through fiscal year 2036. In addition, the Company has Massachusetts research credits of
$97,708 available through fiscal year 2028 and net operating loss carryforwards of $4,475,077 available through fiscal year 2036. 

The table below
details the changes in uncertain tax positions, which if recognized would favorably impact our effective tax rate: 

The additions to the Company s total
uncertain tax positions relates to accrued interest and penalties on research credits taken on a prior year state tax return. 

(10)    Employee Benefit Plans  

The Company has a qualified, contributory,
profit sharing plan covering substantially all employees. The Company s policy is to fund contributions as they are accrued.
The contributions are allocated based on the employee s proportionate share of total compensation. The Company s contributions
to the plan are determined by the Board of Directors and are subject to other specified limitations. There were no Company profit
sharing contributions during fiscal years 2016 or 2015. The Company's matching contributions were $76,821 and $89,924 in fiscal
years 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company has an Executive Incentive
Bonus Plan for the benefit of key management employees. The bonus pool is determined based on the Company s performance
as defined by the plan. Under the plan, there were no bonuses accrued for executives at October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 or
paid for those fiscal years. 

(11)    Commitments and contingencies  

At October 1, 2016, the Company had three
outstanding letters of credit in the amounts of $14,662, $11,730 and $1,200, which are secured by collateralized bank accounts
totaling $27,592. At October 3, 2015, the Company had four outstanding letters of credit in the amounts of $328,732, $16,364,
$14,662 and $3,600, which are secured by collateralized bank accounts totaling $363,358. 

The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in bank
deposit accounts and money market mutual funds that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company currently holds
marketable securities consisting of municipal bonds. The municipal bonds are considered investment grade but may be subject to
the issuing entities  default on interest or principal repayments. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts
and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on its cash, cash equivalents or marketable securities. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

(12)    Major Customers and Export Sales  

In fiscal year 2016, the Company had three
customers representing 90% (62%, 18% and 10%) of total net sales and at October 1, 2016 had two customers representing 100% (99%
and 1%) of accounts receivable. In fiscal year 2015, the Company had three customers representing 81% (58%, 12% and 11%) of total
net sales and at October 3, 2015 had two customers representing 100% (89% and 11%) of accounts receivable. 

A breakdown of net sales is as follows: 

A summary of foreign sales,   as a percentage
of total foreign revenue, by geographic area, is as follows: 

The
Company sold products to four different countries during the year ended October 1, 2016 and six different countries during the
year ended October 3, 2015. A sale is attributed to a foreign country based on the location of the contracting party. Domestic
revenue may include the sale of products shipped through domestic resellers or manufacturers to international destinations. The
table below summarizes our foreign revenues by country as a percentage of total foreign revenue.  

(13)    Shareholder Rights Plan  

On August 7, 2014, the Board of Directors
of the Company adopted a Stockholder Rights Plan to replace the Company's former plan, which had expired on August 5, 2014.  The
new plan is substantially similar to the former plan, and was not adopted in response to any specific takeover threat.  In
adopting the plan, the Board declared a dividend distribution of one common stock purchase right for each outstanding share
of common stock of the Company, payable to stockholders of record at the close of business on August 18, 2014. Until the rights
become exercisable, which occurs with certain exceptions when a person or affiliated group acquires 15% or more of TCC's common
stock, they will trade automatically with the common stock and separate rights certificates will not be issued. Each right, once
exercisable, will entitle the holder (other than rights owned by the acquiring person or group) to buy one share of the common
stock at a price of $25 per share, subject to certain adjustments.  The rights can generally be redeemed by the Company at
$.001 per right at any time prior to the close of business on the 10th business day after there has been a public announcement
of the acquisition of beneficial ownership by any person or group of 15% or more of the company s outstanding common stock,
subject to certain exceptions. The rights will expire on August 6, 2024 unless earlier redeemed. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)  

(14)    Cost Method Investment  

On October 30, 2014, the Company made
an investment of $275,000 to purchase 11,000 shares of common stock of PulsedLight, Inc., an early stage start-up company located
in Bend, Oregon. Our investment represented a 10.8% ownership stake in the company at the time of purchase and was accounted for
utilizing the cost method of accounting. On January 12, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to sell its shares in PulsedLight.
The net proceeds to the Company after closing costs and certain liabilities amounted to $737,283, of which the Company received
$661,466 at closing and of which $75,817 was deposited in an escrow account in accordance with the terms of the sale that required
10% of the proceeds to be held in escrow for one year. The escrow balance as of October 1, 2016 is included in other current assets
within the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Technical Communications Corporation: 

 Concord, Massachusetts 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Technical Communications Corporation and subsidiary (the  Company ) as of October 1, 2016 and October
3, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders  equity and cash flows for the years
then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Technical Communications Corporation
and subsidiary as of October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Moody, Famiglietti   Andronico, LLP 

 Tewksbury, Massachusetts 

 December 23, 2016 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 v454761_ex10-14.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.14

Exhibit 10.14  

Confidential  

Mail To  

Our Order Number Must Appear On Invoice, 
         B/L Bundles, Cases, Packing List and 
         Correspondence   

Remit To 

Buyer:    JPrice   

Fax Sent Prior  
         
      Verbal Placed Prior   

Do Not Duplicate  
       
      Do Not Duplicate   

Line  
       
      Qty Ordered  
       
      Qty Due  
       
      UOM  
       
      Item Description  
       
      Due Date  
       
      Unit Price  
       
      Ext. Price   
 
      1  
       
      ******  
       
      ******  
       
      EA  
       
      701614  
       
      ******  
       
      ******  
       
      ******   

Job:  
      AUDIO CIPHERING HANDSET,AFGHAN,UNTESTED  

****** 

Job:  
      AUDIO CIPHERING HANDSET,AFGHAN,UNTESTED  

Buyer/Purchasing Agent  
      Date  
       
      Manager  
      Date   

THE
REGISTRANT HAS APPLIED FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT ARE MARKED WITH ASTERISKS (***) AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED. THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF
THIS EXHIBIT WILL BE FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.   

Confidential  

Mail To  

Our Order Number Must Appear On Invoice, 
         B/L Bundles, Cases, Packing List and 
         Correspondence   

Remit To 

Buyer:    JPrice   

Fax Sent Prior  
         
      Verbal Placed Prior   

Do Not Duplicate  
       
      Do Not Duplicate   

Line  
       
      Qty Ordered   
       
      Qty Due  
       
      UOM  
       
      Item Description  
       
      Due Date  
       
      Unit Price  
       
      Ext. Price   

****** 

****** 

 ****** 

****** 

****** 

****** 

****** 

****** 

****** 

 ****** 

 ****** 

 ****** 

 ****** 

 ****** 

****** 

Buyer/Purchasing Agent  
      Date  
       
      Manager  
      Date   

THE
REGISTRANT HAS APPLIED FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT ARE MARKED WITH ASTERISKS (***) AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED. THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF
THIS EXHIBIT WILL BE FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.   

Confidential  

Mail To  

Our Order Number Must Appear On Invoice, 
         B/L Bundles, Cases, Packing List and 
         Correspondence   

Remit To 

Buyer:    JPrice   

Fax Sent Prior  
         
      Verbal Placed Prior   

Do Not Duplicate  
       
      Do Not Duplicate   

Line  
       
      Qty Ordered  
       
      Qty Due  
       
      UOM  
       
      Item Description  
       
      Due Date  
       
      Unit Price  
       
      Ext. Price   
 
      3  
       
      ******  
       
      ******  
       
      EA  
       
      701614  
       
      ******  
       
      ******  
       
      ******   

Job:  
      AUDIO CIPHERING HANDSET,AFGHAN,UNTESTED  

Buyer/Purchasing Agent  
      Date  
       
      Manager  
      Date    

THE REGISTRANT HAS APPLIED FOR CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF
THIS EXHIBIT ARE MARKED WITH ASTERISKS (***) AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED. THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WILL BE FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.   

Confidential  

Mail To  

Our Order Number Must Appear On Invoice, 
         B/L Bundles, Cases, Packing List and 
         Correspondence   

Remit To 

Buyer:    JPrice   

Fax Sent Prior  
         
      Verbal Placed Prior   

Do Not Duplicate  
       
      Do Not Duplicate   

Line  
       
      Qty Ordered  
       
      Qty Due  
       
      UOM  
       
      Item Description  
       
      Due Date  
       
      Unit Price  
       
      Ext. Price   

****** 

****** 

 ****** 

****** 

****** 

****** 

****** 

****** 

****** 

 ****** 

 ****** 

 ****** 

 ****** 

 ****** 

Job:  
      AUDIO CIPHERING HANDSET,AFGHAN,UNTESTED  

Buyer/Purchasing Agent  
      Date  
       
      Manager  
      Date    

THE
REGISTRANT HAS APPLIED FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT ARE MARKED WITH ASTERISKS (***) AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED. THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF
THIS EXHIBIT WILL BE FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.   

Confidential  

Mail To  

Our Order Number Must Appear On Invoice, 
         B/L Bundles, Cases, Packing List and 
         Correspondence   

Remit To 

Buyer:    JPrice   

Fax Sent Prior  
         
      Verbal Placed Prior   

Do Not Duplicate  
       
      Do Not Duplicate   

Line  
       
      Qty Ordered  
       
      Qty Due  
       
      UOM  
       
      Item Description  
       
      Due Date  
       
      Unit Price  
       
      Ext. Price   

ITAR CONTROLLED. This item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State. 

****** 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This Item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State. 

****** 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This Item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State 

Buyer/Purchasing Agent  
      Date  
       
      Manager  
      Date    

THE REGISTRANT HAS APPLIED FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WITH THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT ARE MARKED WITH ASTERISKS (***) AND HAVE BEEN
OMITTED. THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WILL BE FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO
A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.  

Confidential  

Mail To  

Our Order Number Must Appear On Invoice, 
         B/L Bundles, Cases, Packing List and 
         Correspondence   

Remit To 

Buyer:    JPrice   

Fax Sent Prior  
         
      Verbal Placed Prior   

Do Not Duplicate  
       
      Do Not Duplicate   

Line  
       
      Qty Ordered  
       
      Qty Due  
       
      UOM  
       
      Item Description  
       
      Due Date  
       
      Unit Price  
       
      Ext. Price   

ITAR CONTROLLED. This item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State. 

****** 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This Item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State. 

****** 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This Item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State 

****** 

****** 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This Item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State 

Buyer/Purchasing Agent  
      Date  
       
      Manager  
      Date    

THE REGISTRANT HAS APPLIED FOR CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF
THIS EXHIBIT ARE MARKED WITH ASTERISKS (***) AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED. THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WILL BE FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.   

Confidential  

Mail To  

Our Order Number Must Appear On Invoice, 
         B/L Bundles, Cases, Packing List and 
         Correspondence   

Remit To 

Buyer:    JPrice   

Fax Sent Prior  
         
      Verbal Placed Prior   

Do Not Duplicate  
       
      Do Not Duplicate   

ITAR CONTROLLED. This item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State. 

****** 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This Item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State. 

****** 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This Item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State. 

Buyer/Purchasing Agent  
      Date  
       
      Manager  
      Date    

THE REGISTRANT HAS APPLIED FOR CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF
THIS EXHIBIT ARE MARKED WITH ASTERISKS (***) AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED. THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WILL BE FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.   

Confidential  

Mail To  

Our Order Number Must Appear On Invoice, 
         B/L Bundles, Cases, Packing List and 
         Correspondence   

Remit To 

Buyer:    JPrice   

Fax Sent Prior  
         
      Verbal Placed Prior   

Do Not Duplicate  
       
      Do Not Duplicate   

Line  
       
      Qty Ordered   
       
      Qty Due  
       
      UOM  
       
      Item Description  
       
      Due Date  
       
      Unit Price  
       
      Ext. Price   

ITAR CONTROLLED. This Item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State. 

****** 

ITAR CONTROLLED. This Item is controlled by the U.S.
Dept of State 

NOTE: WHEN THE SELLER HAS REASON TO BELIEVE THE DELIVERIES
WILL NOT BE MADE AS SCHEDULED, WRITTEN NOTICE CONCERNING THE CAUSE OF THE DELAY AND THE ESTIMATED DELIVERY DATES MUST BE PROVIDED
IMMEDIATELY TO THE DATRON BUYER. 

SEE WWW.DTWC.COM FOR TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

 AMERICAN CARGO SERVICES PHONE: 800-508-4888 

 ******    ****** 

Buyer/Purchasing Agent  
      Date  
       
      Manager  
      Date    

THE REGISTRANT HAS APPLIED FOR CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF
THIS EXHIBIT ARE MARKED WITH ASTERISKS (***) AND HAVE BEEN OMITTED. THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WILL BE FILED SEPARATELY
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.   

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21>
 3
 v454761_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21  

List of Subsidiaries  

TCC Investment Corp., a Massachusetts corporation 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 v454761_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23  

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

The Board of Directors 

 Technical Communications Corporation and Subsidiary 

 Concord, MA 

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-174247) on Form S-3 and the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-76102; 333-127447,
333-139737; 333-161259; 333-174250) on Forms S-8 of our report dated December 23, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial
statements of Technical Communications Corporation and subsidiary, as of and for the year ending October 1, 2016. 

We also consent to the reference to us
under the heading  Experts  in such Registration Statements. 

/s/ Moody, Famiglietti   Andronico, LLP 

 Tewksbury, Massachusetts 

 December 23, 2016 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v454761_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Carl H. Guild, Jr., certify that: 

(1)  I have reviewed this annual report
                                         on Form 10-K of Technical Communications Corporation;   

(2)  Based on my knowledge, this report
                                         does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
                                         fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
                                         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
                                         report;   

(3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial
                                         statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
                                         all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
                                         the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

(4)  The registrant s other certifying
                                         officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
                                         procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
                                         over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
                                         the registrant and have:   

a.  designed such disclosure controls
                                         and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                                         our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
                                         its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                                         during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  designed such internal control
                                         over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
                                         be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
                                         of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                                         in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  evaluated the effectiveness of
                                         the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
                                         our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
                                         of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  disclosed in this report any change
                                         in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                                         the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
                                         quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
                                         likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
                                         and   

(5)  The registrant s other certifying
                                         officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
                                         over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
                                         of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  all significant deficiencies and
                                         material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
                                         which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
                                         process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  any fraud, whether or not material,
                                         that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Carl H. Guild, Jr.  

Carl H. Guild, Jr.  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Dated: December 23, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v454761_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Michael P. Malone, certify that: 

(1)  I have reviewed this annual report
                                         on Form 10-K of Technical Communications Corporation;   

(2)  Based on my knowledge, this report
                                         does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
                                         fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
                                         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
                                         report;   

(3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial
                                         statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
                                         all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
                                         the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

(4)  The registrant s other certifying
                                         officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
                                         procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
                                         over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
                                         the registrant and have:   

a.  designed such disclosure controls
                                         and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                                         our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
                                         its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                                         during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  designed such internal control
                                         over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
                                         be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
                                         of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                                         in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  evaluated the effectiveness of
                                         the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
                                         our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
                                         of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  disclosed in this report any change
                                         in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                                         the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
                                         quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
                                         likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
                                         and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying
                                         officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
                                         over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
                                         of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  all significant deficiencies and
                                         material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
                                         which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
                                         process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  any fraud, whether or not material,
                                         that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Michael P. Malone  

Michael P. Malone  

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer  

Dated: December 23, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 v454761_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C.    
  1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned President and Chief
Executive Officer and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Technical Communications Corporation (the  Company )
certifies that, to his knowledge: 

1)  the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2)  the information
contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2016 fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Carl H. Guild, Jr.  
       
      /s/ Michael P. Malone   
 
      Carl H. Guild, Jr.  
       
      Michael P. Malone   
 
      President and Chief Executive Officer  
       
      Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer   

Date: December 23, 2016  
       
      Date: December 23, 2016   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 tcco-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 tcco-20161001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 tcco-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 tcco-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 tcco-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 tcco-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

