<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-K_edgar_data_792130_0001144204-16-133226_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12482220</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>486336</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1646312</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3192786</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4810334</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2147076</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>130</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133226.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110152654
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133226
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DATAWATCH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000792130
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				020405716
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19960
		FILM NUMBER:		161987731

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 CROSBY DRIVE
		CITY:			BEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01730
		BUSINESS PHONE:		978-441-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 CROSBY DRIVE
		CITY:			BEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01730

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133226.txt : 20161110

10-K
 1
 v451019_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-K   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                         
TO   

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 000-19960   

DATAWATCH CORPORATION   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)   

DELAWARE   
       
       02-0405716    
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      Incorporation or Organization)  
       
      Identification No.)   

4 CROSBY DRIVE   

  BEDFORD, MASSACHUSETTS 01730   

  (978) 441-2200   

 (Address and telephone number of principal
executive office)  

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF
THE ACT: 

Common Stock $0.01 PAR VALUE   
       
       NASDAQ    
 
      (Title of Class)  
       
      (Name of Exchange on which Registered)    

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION
12(g) OF THE ACT:  NONE   

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes    
No  x  

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes    
No  x  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x 
No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    x     No

Indicate by check mark
if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer         Accelerated
filer     

 Non-accelerated filer       (Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)  

 Smaller reporting company  x  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).Yes    
No  x  

The aggregate market
value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock
on March 31, 2016, the last business day of the Company s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, as reported by the
NASDAQ Capital Market was $46,637,207. 

The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding as of November 8, 2016 was 11,923,786.  

Documents Incorporated By Reference   

Registrant intends to file a definitive
Proxy Statement pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. Portions of
such Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III of this report. 

DATAWATCH CORPORATION   

  ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K   

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page   
 
        Part I    

Item 1.  
       Business   
      3   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      8   
 
      Item 1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      18   
 
      Item 2.  
       Properties   
      19   
 
      Item 3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      19   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      19   

Part II    

Item 5.  
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      20   
 
      Item 6.  
       Selected Consolidated Financial Data   
      21   
 
      Item 7.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      22   
 
      Item 7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      35   
 
      Item 8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      36   
 
      Item 9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      65   
 
      Item 9A.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      65   
 
      Item 9B.  
       Other Information   
      66   

Part III    

Item 10.  
       Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant   
      67   
 
      Item 11.  
       Executive Compensation   
      67   
 
      Item 12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      67   
 
      Item 13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      67   
 
      Item 14.  
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
      67   

Part IV    

Item 15.  
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules    
      68   

PART I   

Item 1. BUSINESS    

GENERAL   

Datawatch Corporation
(NASDAQ-CM:  DWCH ) ( Datawatch ,  We ,  Us ,  Our ) provides self-service
data preparation and visual data discovery software that optimizes multiple sources and a variety of data   regardless
of its variety, volume, or velocity   delivering next generation analytics to reveal valuable insights for
improving business. Its ability to integrate structured, unstructured, and semi-structured sources like reports, PDF files and
EDI streams with real-time streaming data into visually rich analytic applications allows users to dynamically discover
key factors that impact any operational aspect of their business. We believe this ability to perform visual discovery against
multiple sources and a variety of data sets Datawatch apart in the Big Data and visualization markets. Organizations of every size,
worldwide use Datawatch products, including 99 of the Fortune 100. Datawatch is headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts, with offices
in New York, London, Stockholm, Singapore, and Manila, and with partners and customers in more than 100 countries worldwide. 

Datawatch is a Delaware
corporation, formed in 1986, with executive offices located at 4 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730 and our telephone number is (978)
441-2200. Periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are available to the public, free of charge, on our website,
 www.datawatch.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed with the SEC and through the SEC s
website,  www.sec.gov . Such reports, proxy statements and other information may be obtained by visiting the Public Reference
Room of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549 or by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.  

OUR MARKET  

We sell and compete
in the data preparation and visualization market, which is an emerging and fast growing segment of the overall business analytics
space. The analytics market has evolved over the past several years from large systems implemented and managed by IT, to more agile,
self-service systems owned and operated by the various business functions. 

The self-service data
preparation market addresses the needs of business users who are creating and analyzing data without IT intervention. Users need
to access, clean and blend data from a wide variety of systems before it can be visualized. It is estimated that up to 80% of user
time is spent preparing data versus analyzing data. 

The visual data discovery
market continues to evolve with new requirements that make Datawatch a more relevant player in this market. While ease of use is
still a critical factor in the adoption of visualization technologies, the types of use cases that organizations are applying these
technologies to have changed. To support these new use cases visual data discovery technologies are evolving from products to platforms
that deal with not only the development of visualizations, but also the acquisition, preparation, automation and management of
any source of data to be used in visual data discovery applications. Datawatch s extensive experience in these areas has
allowed us to take on these challenges and deliver high value results to our customers in these mission critical use cases. Two
use cases that have dramatically changed how visualization technologies are used are the emergence of the internet of things ( IoT ),
specifically the industrial internet, and the expanded use of enterprise content management sources as data in visualization applications. 

The Internet of Things (IoT)   

With billions of connected
 smart objects  generating information from everything from toasters to jet engines, and that number set to grow to
over 50 billion devices by 2020 according to the Industrial Internet Consortium, the IoT promises to change the way businesses
view everything from their customers to every aspect of their operations. While there is unlimited potential for the use of data
from the IoT, the area that holds the highest value is in the use of data from the industrial internet   the monitoring and
management of equipment, logistical information and supply chain related to industries such as energy, transportation, manufacturing
and health care. To leverage this type of information, organizations will require a visual data discovery platform that can ingest,
prepare and blend high velocity in-motion data from these sensors with business data that provides historical perspective and context
to this information. We believe that Datawatch is unique in its ability to provide this capability coupled with a self-service
end-user design experience and that this combination will place Datawatch at the forefront of this growing market, opening up partnership
opportunities with key IoT infrastructure providers. 

Enterprise Content Management (ECM)   

For years, organizations
have stored vast amounts of unstructured and semi-structured content in enterprise content management ( ECM ) systems.
While some of this data was stored originally as a result of compliance requirements, many organizations are now looking to do
more with that information to better understand their businesses or to utilize Big Data sources to drive decisions within their
businesses. Traditional enterprise content management systems are not equipped to do much more than search and retrieve documents.
Their inability to take any action against the returned information is a significant limitation. By including Datawatch as part
of the solution, ECM systems can be transformed from simple search technologies into  search-to-action  solutions,
providing better analytical information to users. This information can be included as another data source in Next Generation Analytics
applications, thus providing even greater insight to organizations  operations. 

While IoT and ECM
based visual data discovery solutions are only two of many examples of changes in the market that are driving new requirements
for visual data discovery vendors, they are not alone. An increase in the use of NoSQL data and other multi-structured sources
coupled with the desire for a more manageable and governed deployment of visualization solutions are also driving additional changes
in industries such as capital markets, government, retail, and telecommunications. 

OUR PRODUCTS   

The Datawatch product
family enables organizations to maximize the return on all of their information assets, regardless of the form of that data. Datawatch
Monarch, the self-service data preparation solution, is the first step in unlocking value from data contained in a wide variety
of sources. Datawatch Panopticon enables real-time preparation of streaming data for fast data analysis. Both of these data preparation
engines are integrated technically. Monarch and Panopticon provide the broadest solution for unlocking, preparing and visualizing
the widest variety of enterprise data. Using all available information enables organizations to make more insightful decisions
that yield better and faster results 

The Datawatch product
family includes the following products:   

Datawatch Monarch    Access
and Prepare Data from Virtually Any Source  

Datawatch Monarch
is a self-service data preparation tool which lets users explore, manipulate and merge new data sources. With Datawatch Monarch,
users can bring all the data that is needed to manage the business to life, whether that information is stored in structured sources
like databases, or in less conventional places like unstructured or semi-structured content including PDF files, reports, EDI or
text files. Products in the Monarch family include Datawatch Monarch and Datawatch Monarch Server. 

Datawatch Panopticon     
Visually Design, Discover and Explore New Insights  

Datawatch Panopticon
lets users quickly start asking questions to see hidden patterns, spot problems and identify missed opportunities without programming
or scripting. Our in-memory analytics engine enables on-the-fly aggregations and intuitive navigation and integration of data from
virtually any data source. With a simple drag-and-drop interface, users can set up hierarchies and filters in their dashboards
to make it easier to spot outliers and to see how different subsets of data correlate with each other. Datawatch Panopticon provides
a range of specialized visualizations designed specifically to make analyzing streaming data, time series data and historical data,
more impactful. Integrated data preparation capabilities and pre-built connectors make it simple to access and combine information
from any data source, including data streams from message brokers and complex event processing engines. Products in the Panopticon
family include Datawatch Panopticon Designer and Datawatch Panopticon Server. 

Datawatch Report Mining Server  
   Unlocking the Power of Content  

Datawatch Report Mining
Server ( RMS ) is a web-based report analytics solution that integrates with any existing enterprise content management
system such as Datawatch Report Manager On-Demand, IBM Content Manager On-Demand, Microsoft SharePoint, Hyland OnBase, ASG Mobius
ViewDirect and others. Datawatch RMS opens up the corporate data locked in content management systems, static reports and business
documents, enabling dynamic business-driven analysis of information using Datawatch Panopticon Designer or other productivity tools
with no user programming. 

OUR SERVICES   

Datawatch complements
its core products with a range of services to ensure successful deployment and usage of our self-service data preparation and visual
data discovery software. This includes educational services for customers and partners implementing and learning about the platform,
maintenance and support, and professional services to provide in-depth technical assistance for software implementations. 

Educational Services  

Datawatch Educational
Services offers a number of training choices to customers and partners to support the knowledge and skills development needed to
take advantage of their investment in our self-service data preparation and visual data discovery software. We offer an array of
live and virtual classroom instruction, including private onsite classes. Courses include training on all aspects of our platform,
from beginning model building basics to the deployment of sophisticated dashboards sourced from data harvested by our platform. 

Professional Services  

To assist customers
in achieving rapid time-to-value, Datawatch has established a professional services team. This team supports customers and partners
with more in-depth technical consulting and best practices about our platform including advanced modeling, application design,
implementation and configuration and process optimization. 

Customer Support   

Datawatch s
customers pay for one year of software maintenance and support with their purchase of our software license platform and have the
option to annually renew their maintenance agreements. These annual maintenance agreements provide customers the right to receive
software updates on a when-and-if available basis, maintenance releases and patches, and access to telephone support services.
The maintenance agreement also allows access to an on-line user forum where experienced users from around the world can share their
tips and tricks. 

Datawatch has determined
that it has only one operating segment. See Note 10 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for information about
our revenue by geographic operations.  

MARKETING, SALES AND DISTRIBUTION STRATEGY  

We market and sell
our products and services through our direct sales force, a distribution channel and an indirect sales channel comprised of a global
partner network. Our direct sales force consists of professional sales and pre-sales personnel who typically have several years
of experience selling and demonstrating enterprise software solutions. Our distribution channel is predominantly for our Datawatch
Monarch product and consists of a two-tier reselling network in North America and single-tier resellers in the rest of the world.
Our global partner network brings significant technological and industry expertise, as well as added geographic presence, that
enable us to reach customer organizations around the world. These indirect sales channels often help to shorten sales cycles with
prospective customers. 

Our global partner
network includes strategic, geographic and product-specific resellers. These partners are typically authorized to sell licenses,
implement and, in some instances, provide first line support for our software products. Additionally, we work with global, national
and local system integrators, implementation partners and referral partners who may sell licenses and provide complementary skills,
domain or industry experience, as well as geographic coverage. 

Our global partner
network also includes original equipment manufacturer ( OEM ) partners and value-added reseller ( VAR )
partners who use our technologies as an embedded or bundled add-on features in their products and services. Typically, OEM and
VAR partners include software companies, SaaS vendors and information providers. More broadly, this category includes any organization
seeking to leverage Datawatch products to access and analyze semi-structured and unstructured data for use in an existing or new
product or in a service offering. We invest both development and business resources to ensure that Datawatch products are optimized
and certified for leading technology platforms, allowing our customers to benefit from these expanded solutions with seamless integration. 

We support our global
partner network based on three fundamental principles: 

enable partners through sales training, demonstration training, technical support and education;   

market with and for partners through lead generation programs, customer marketing and awareness;
and,   

position and sell Datawatch products with effective sales tools and sales support.   

As of September 30,
2016, our global partner network was comprised of more than 100 partners worldwide. No one customer accounted for more than 10%
of our total revenue for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. One distribution partner, Lifeboat Distribution ( Lifeboat ),
accounted for 15% of total revenue for the year ended September 30, 2014. Other than this customer, no other customer accounted
for more than 10% of our total revenue in fiscal 2014. Our agreement with Lifeboat expired in early 2015 and, to manage the transition,
we refocused part of our Inside Sales Team to manage and pursue the book of business previously handled by Lifeboat. 

Prior to the expiration
of our agreement, we offered Lifeboat the ability to return slow-moving and obsolete versions of our products for credit. Based
on our historical experience relative to products sold to distributors, we believe that our exposure to such returns was minimal.
While the agreement was in place, we recorded a provision for such estimated returns in our accompanying consolidated financial
statements. 

Our software products
are sold under warranty against certain defects in material and workmanship for a period of 30 days from the date of purchase.
We also offer a 30 day money-back guarantee on our Datawatch Monarch product sold directly to end-users. To date, we have not experienced
any significant product returns under our money-back guarantee.  

We focus our marketing
efforts on generating qualified sales leads for our direct sales force and our global partners, increasing brand awareness, communicating
our positioning in the market and promoting product advantages. We rely on a variety of marketing initiatives including internet-based
marketing campaigns, user group meetings, trade shows, our website, industry research, public relations and advertising. In addition,
we work closely with a number of our global partners on co-marketing and lead generation initiatives in an effort to broaden our
marketing reach. 

Our revenues
from outside of the United States are primarily the result of sales through the direct sales force of our wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Datawatch International Limited, which is located in the United Kingdom and its subsidiaries which are located in Germany, Singapore
and Australia, and Datawatch AB, which is located in Sweden, as well as through international resellers. Such international sales
represented 14%, 21% and 17% of our total revenue for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Further geographic information
is included in Note 10,  Segment Information and Revenue by Geographic Location,  to our accompanying consolidated
financial statements. 

OUR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OPERATIONS  

We believe that timely
development of new products and enhancements to our existing products are essential to maintain strong positions in our markets.
We intend to continue to invest significant amounts in research and product development to ensure that our products meet the current
and future demands of our markets as well as to take advantage of evolving technology trends.  

Our product managers
work closely with developers, whether independent or in-house, to define product specifications. The initial concept for a product
originates from this cooperative effort.  The developer is generally responsible for coding the development project. Our product
managers maintain close technical control over the products, giving us the freedom to designate which modifications and enhancements
are most important and when they should be implemented. The product managers and their staff work in parallel with the developers
to produce printed documentation, on-line help files, tutorials and installation software. In some cases, we may choose to subcontract
a portion of this work on a project basis to third-party suppliers under contracts. Our personnel also perform extensive quality
assurance testing for all products and coordinate external beta test programs.  

Datawatch products
have been developed through in-house software development, by offshore software development companies hired under contract or by
acquisition. We maintain source code and full product control for these products, which include Datawatch Monarch, Datawatch
Monarch Server, Datawatch Panopticon Designer, Datawatch Panopticon Server, Datawatch Software Developers Kit, Datawatch Report
Mining Server and legacy products including Datawatch Report Manager On-Demand. 

Our total engineering
and product development expense was $8.2 million, $8.9 million and $9.1 million for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

OUR COMPETITION   

The differentiated
technology underlying Datawatch s self-service data preparation and visual data discovery software enables us to compete
within the broader, highly competitive, business analytics market and specifically the data visualization market. While we believe
that there is no single competitor that addresses the full range of capabilities of our software, we face competition from several
companies that are offering, or soon may offer, products that compete with portions or aspects of our software. 

Competitors can be
classified into four broad categories: 

Large software companies, including suppliers of traditional business intelligence products that
provide one or more capabilities that are competitive with our products, such as IBM, Microsoft, Oracle and SAP.   

New and emerging vendors focused on data preparation, such as Informatica, Alteryx, Paxata and
Trifacta.   

Business analytics vendors focused on real-time visualization, such as First Derivatives and Zoomdata.   

Independent vendors that focus on extracting specific data formats or sources such as machine data,
data in content management systems, EDI, XBRL, HTML and PDFs. These competitors include Splunk, Actuate (Xenos) and Informatica,
among others.   

We believe that generally,
we compete favorably with respect to these companies and competitive offerings; however, some of our current competitors and potential
competitors have advantages over us, including:  

longer operating histories,   

significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources,   

stronger brand and business user recognition, and   

broader global distribution and presence.   

Competition in our
industry is likely to intensify as current competitors expand their product lines and as new competitors enter the market. 

OUR EMPLOYEES   

As of November
8, 2016, we had 146 full-time and 7  contract, temporary or part-time employees, including 60 engaged in marketing and sales;
27 engaged in product consulting, training and technical support; 43 engaged in product management, development and quality
assurance; and 23 providing general, administrative, accounting, IT and software production and warehousing functions. 

OTHER BUSINESS CONSIDERATIONS  

Product Protection      

We rely on a combination
of trade secrets, copyright and trademark laws, nondisclosure and other contractual agreements, and technical measures to protect
our rights in our products. Additionally, on June 30, 2015, we applied with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
for patent protection for our proprietary systems and methods for automatically generating tables using auto-generated templates
and, on January 12, 2016, we applied with the USPTO for patent protection for our proprietary systems and methods for generating
tables from print-ready digital source documents. Despite these precautions, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of
our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. We believe that, because of the rapid pace of technological
change in the software industry, the legal protections for our products are less significant than the knowledge, ability and experience
of our employees and developers, the frequency of product enhancements and the timeliness and quality of our support services.
We believe that none of our products, trademarks, and other proprietary rights infringes on the proprietary rights of third parties,
but there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us in the future.  

Backlog   

Our software products
are generally shipped within three business days of receipt of an order. Accordingly, we do not believe that backlog for our product
is a meaningful indicator of future business. We do maintain a backlog of services commitments primarily related to Datawatch Monarch
Server and Datawatch Report Manager On-Demand business. While this services backlog will provide future revenue to Datawatch, we
believe that it is not a meaningful indicator of future business.  

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS   

We do not provide
forecasts of our future financial performance. However, from time to time, information provided by us or statements made by our
employees may contain  forward looking  information that involves risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts (including, but not limited to statements contained
in  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of Part II
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K relating to liquidity and capital resources) may constitute forward looking statements
and are made under the safe harbor provisions of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We caution readers not to
place undue reliance on any such forward looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We disclaim any obligation,
except as specifically required by law and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, to publicly update or revise
any such statements to reflect any change in our expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements
may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
Our actual results of operations and financial condition have varied and may in the future vary significantly from those stated
in any forward looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include, without limitation, the risks, uncertainties
and other information discussed below and within this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the accuracy of our internal
estimates of revenue and operating expense levels. The following discussion of our risk factors should be read in conjunction with
the financial statements contained herein and related notes thereto. Such factors, among others, may have a material adverse effect
upon our business, results of operations and financial condition.  

Risks Relating to our Business  

Actions of activist stockholders
against us could be disruptive and potentially costly and the possibility that activist stockholders may seek changes that contest,
or conflict with, our strategic direction could cause uncertainty about the strategic direction of our business.   

Activist stockholders
may from time to time attempt to effect changes in our strategic direction and, in furtherance thereof, may seek changes in how
the Company is governed. While our Board of Directors and management team strive to maintain constructive, ongoing communications
with all of the Company s stockholders, including activist stockholders, and welcome their views and opinions with the goal
of working together constructively to enhance value for all stockholders, activist campaigns that contest, or conflict with, our
strategic direction could have an adverse effect on our business because: 

Responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist stockholders can disrupt our operations,
be costly and time-consuming, and divert the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of business
strategies, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition;   

Perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of changes to the composition of
our Board of Directors may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of the business, instability or lack of continuity
which may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers, may result in the loss of potential
business opportunities and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners;   

These types of actions could cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary
or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of
our business; and   

If individuals are elected to our Board
of Directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create
additional value for our stockholders. 

A Weak Global Economy and Softening
in the Computer Software Market May Result in Decreased Revenues or Lower Revenue Growth Rates     

The growth and profitability
of our business depends on the overall demand for computer software and services, particularly in the financial services markets
and other markets in which we compete. Tighter credit and negative financial news that may result from challenging economic conditions
worldwide and, in the U.S., have an adverse effect on capital spending by corporations, including the demand for computer software.
Because our sales are primarily to major corporate customers, poor economic conditions may soften the demand for computer software
and services which may result in decreased revenues, lower revenue growth rates and reduced profitability. In addition, a weak
global economy may result in longer sales cycles, reduced, deferred or cancelled orders, or greater than anticipated uncollectible
accounts receivables. In a weakened economy, we cannot be assured that we will be able to effectively promote future growth in
our software and services revenues or operate profitability.  

Our Dependence on our Principal Products,
our Failure to Develop Enhanced or New Products and our Concentration of Customers within the Financial Sector May Have a Material
Adverse Effect on our Business, Financial Condition or Results of Operations    

Our future financial
performance will depend in part on the successful introduction of new and enhanced versions of these products and development of
new versions of these and other products and subsequent customer acceptance of such new and enhanced products. We are primarily
dependent on our ability to successfully market and sell our self-service data preparation and visual data discovery products.
Currently customers in the financial sector, and particularly in capital markets, comprise a significant portion of our customer
base. Any factor adversely affecting the financial sector and capital markets in particular could adversely affect sales of our
products within such sector, which could have a material adverse effect on us.  

Fluctuations in Quarterly Operating
Results Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on our Business, Financial Condition or Results of Operations     

Our future operating
results could vary substantially from quarter-to-quarter because of uncertainties and/or risks associated with such matters as
current economic conditions, technological change, competition, delays in the introduction of new products or product enhancements,
and market acceptance of those new products and product enhancements, and general market trends. In addition, as we focus on increasing
enterprise sales to large customers, the timing of significant orders may cause fluctuations in quarterly operating results. Large
enterprise sales arrangements often involve multiple elements and may require more complex accounting than the sales transactions
we have entered into in the past, which also makes projecting future operating results more difficult. Historically, we have operated
with minimal backlog of orders because our software products are generally shipped as orders are received. As a result, net sales
in any quarter are substantially dependent on orders booked and shipped in that quarter. Further, any increases in sales under
our subscription sales model or cloud offering could result in decreased revenues over the short term. Because our staffing and
operating expenses are based on anticipated revenue levels and a high percentage of our costs are fixed in the short-term, small
variations in the timing of revenues can cause significant variations in operating results from quarter-to-quarter. In addition,
at September 30, 2016, we had no unrecognized compensation costs related to options, and $3.0 million of unrecognized compensation
costs related to RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.91 years, which costs will have a
negative effect on our profitability on a GAAP reporting basis. Because of these factors, we believe that period-to-period comparisons
of our results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as indications of future performance.
We can give no assurance that we will not experience such variations in operating results in the future or that such variations
will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  

The Sales Cycle for our Enterprise
Products is Long and Unpredictable, Particularly with Respect to Large Customers, and our Sales Efforts Require Considerable Time
and Expense   

Our operating results
may fluctuate, in part, because of the resource intensive nature of our sales efforts, the length and variability of the sales
cycle of our enterprise software licensing offerings and the short-term difficulty in adjusting our operating expenses. Our operating
results depend in part on sales to large customers and conversions of users that have downloaded the desktop version of our Datawatch
Monarch software into enterprise customers. The length of our sales cycle, from initial evaluation to delivery of and payment for
the software license, varies substantially from customer to customer. It is difficult to predict exactly when, or even if, we will
make a sale with a potential customer or if a user that has licensed desktop versions of our Datawatch Monarch software will upgrade
to a larger server license. As a result, large individual sales may, in some cases, occur in quarters subsequent to those we anticipate,
or not at all. The loss or delay of one or more large transactions in a quarter could impact our operating results for that quarter
and any future quarters for which revenue from that transaction is delayed. As a result of these factors, it is difficult for us
to forecast our revenues accurately in any quarter. Because a substantial portion of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term,
our operating results will suffer if revenues fall below our expectations in a particular quarter, which could cause the price
of our common stock to decline. 

If we are Unable to Attract New Customers
and Expand Sales to Existing Customers, our Growth Could be Slower than we Expect and our Business May Be Harmed.   

Our future growth
depends in part upon increasing our customer base. Our ability to achieve significant growth in revenues in the future will depend,
in large part, upon the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, both domestically and internationally, and our ability to attract
new customers. If we fail to attract new customers and maintain and expand those customer relationships, our revenues will grow
more slowly than expected and our business operations and financial results will be harmed. 

Our future growth
also depends upon expanding sales of our products to and renewing license and maintenance agreements with existing customers. In
particular, part of our sales strategy is to leverage our desktop Monarch data preparation product to drive enterprise sales of
our managed analytics platform. In order for us to improve our operating results, it is important that our existing customers make
additional significant purchases of our products. If our customers do not purchase additional licenses or capabilities, our revenues
may grow more slowly than expected, may not grow at all or may decline. Our customers  renewal rates may decline or fluctuate
as a result of a number of factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our products or services, our pricing
or pricing structure, the pricing or capabilities of products or services offered by our competitors, the effects of economic conditions,
or reductions in our customers  spending levels. If our customers do not renew their agreements with us, or renew on terms
less favorable to us, our revenues may decline and our business operations and financial results may be harmed. 

The Markets for our Self-Service
Data Preparation and Data Visualization Products are Emerging and May Not Grow   

Because the market
for our self-service data preparation and visual data discovery products are still emerging, it is difficult to predict customer
adoption and renewal rates, customer demand for our enterprise software licenses, the size and growth rate of these markets, the
entry of competitive products or the success of existing competitive products. Any expansion in our markets depends on a number
of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with such software licenses. If the markets for our
enterprise software licenses do not achieve widespread adoption or there is a reduction in demand for software in these markets
caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, competing technologies and products, decreases in corporate
spending, weakening economic conditions, or otherwise, it could result in reduced customer orders, early terminations, reduced
renewal rates or decreased revenues, any of which would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 

Dependence on New Product Introductions
and New Product Delays or Defects Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on our Business    

The markets for data
preparation and visual data discovery products is evolving rapidly. Growth in our business depends in substantial part on the continuing
introduction of new products, to address the emerging needs of this market. The length of product life cycles depends in part on
end-user demand for new or additional functionality in our products and our ability to update our products to meet such demands.
If we fail to accurately anticipate the demand for, or encounter any significant delays in developing or introducing, new products
or additional functionality in our products, there could be a material adverse effect on our business. Our product life cycles
can also be affected if suppliers of software systems with which we interact introduce new or changed functionality within their
products. Our failure to anticipate the introduction of additional functionality in products developed by such suppliers could
have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our competitors may introduce products with more features and lower
prices than our products. Such increase in competition could adversely affect the life cycles of our products, which in turn could
have a material adverse effect on our business.  

Software products,
whether developed internally or licensed from third parties, may contain undetected errors or failures when first introduced or
as new versions are released. There can be no assurance that, despite testing by us and by current and potential end-users, errors
will not be found in new products after commencement of commercial shipments, resulting in loss of or delay in market acceptance.
Any failure by us to anticipate or respond adequately to changes in technology and customer preferences, or any significant delays
in product development or introduction, could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

A Significant Percentage of our Total
Revenue is Subject to Risks Associated with International Sales    

In the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, international sales accounted for 14%, 21% and 17%, respectively, of our total revenue. We anticipate
that international sales will continue to account for a significant, and perhaps increasing, percentage of our total revenue. A
significant portion of our total revenue will therefore be subject to risks associated with international sales, including deterioration
of international economic conditions, unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements, changes in tariffs, currency exchange
rates and other import or export controls, political and economic instability, possible effects of war and acts of terrorism, difficulties
in accounts receivable collection, difficulties in managing distributors or representatives, difficulties in staffing and managing
international operations, difficulties in protecting our intellectual property overseas, seasonality of sales and potentially adverse
foreign tax consequences.  

On June 23, 2016,
the United Kingdom held a referendum in which United Kingdom voters approved an exit from the European Union commonly referred
to as  Brexit . As a result of the referendum, it is expected that the British government will begin negotiating the
future terms of the United Kingdom s relationship with the European Union, including the terms of trade between the United
Kingdom and the European Union. The announcement of Brexit caused significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange
rate fluctuations that resulted in the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in which we conduct business.
The future effects of Brexit will depend on any agreements the United Kingdom makes to retain access to European Union markets
either during a transitional period or more permanently. The measures could potentially disrupt the markets we serve and may cause
our customers to closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending budget on our products and services. In addition, Brexit
could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which
European Union laws to replace or replicate. Given the lack of comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, trade and legal
implications the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union would have and how such withdrawal would affect us. Adverse
consequences such as deterioration in economic conditions, volatility in currency exchange rates, and prohibitive laws and regulations
could have a negative impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Future Acquisitions May be Difficult
to Integrate, Disrupt our Business, Dilute Stockholder Value or Divert Management Attention    

In the future, we
could acquire additional products, technologies or businesses, or enter into joint venture arrangements, for the purpose of complementing
or expanding our business and to address the need to develop new products. Integrating the operations of an acquired company, product
or business successfully or otherwise realizing the anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including additional revenue opportunities,
involves a number of challenges and risks. The failure to meet these integration challenges could seriously harm our results of
operations, and the market price of our common stock may decline as a result. Realizing the benefits of an acquisition will depend
in part on the integration of technology, operations, personnel and sales activity of the two companies. These integration activities
are complex and time - consuming, and we may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs, including: 

challenges in combining product offerings, including integration of the underlying technology,
and sales and marketing activities;   

our inability to achieve the cost savings and operating synergies anticipated in the transaction,
which would prevent us from achieving the positive earnings gains expected as a result of the transaction;   

diversion of management attention from ongoing business concerns to integration matters;   

difficulties in consolidating and rationalizing information technology platforms and administrative
infrastructures;   

complexities in managing a larger and more geographically dispersed company than before the completion
of transaction;   

difficulties in the assimilation of personnel and the integration of two business cultures;   

challenges in demonstrating to our customers and to customers of the acquired company that the
transaction will not result in adverse changes in product and technology offerings, customer service standards or business focus;
and   

possible cash flow interruption or loss of revenue as a result of change of ownership transitional
matters.   

We Recorded Substantial Impairment
Charges in Fiscal 2015. Any Future Impairments of Our Assets Could Negatively Impact Our Results of Operations  . 

Non-amortizing intangible
assets, including goodwill, are tested for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. An impairment test is also required for other long-lived assets if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Examples of events or changes in circumstances indicating
that the carrying value of such intangible assets may not be recoverable could include a significant adverse long term outlook;
unanticipated competition or the introduction of disruptive technology; failure of an anticipated product or product line; testing
for recoverability in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 360-10  Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ; loss of key personnel; or a more-likely-than-not
expectation that a significant portion of the company will be sold or otherwise disposed of. During the first quarter of fiscal
2015, the Company recorded an impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets in the amount of $32.0 million, related to assets obtained
in the acquisition of Panopticon Software AB (now known as Datawatch AB) ( Panopticon ), as a result of revenue
shortfalls and operational changes in the sales organization as well as a sustained decline in our share price. Any future impairment
of goodwill, other intangible assets, or other long-lived assets, and the performance issues underlying any such impairment, could
have a negative impact on our profitability and financial results. 

If Material Weaknesses or Other Deficiencies are Discovered
in our Internal Accounting Procedures, our Stock Price May be Adversely Affected    

Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that management report annually on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting and identify any material weaknesses in our internal control and financial reporting environment. If
management identifies any material weaknesses, their correction could require remedial measures which could be costly and
time-consuming. We are not currently an  accelerated filer , and as a result, our independent registered public
accounting firm does not attest to, and report on, management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting. In addition, at such time, if any, as we are no longer a  smaller reporting company, 
our independent registered public accounting firm will have to attest to and report on management s assessment of
the effectiveness of such internal control over financial reporting. Any identification by us or our independent
registered public accounting firm of material weaknesses, even if quickly remedied, could damage investor confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could affect our stock price and potentially subject us to
litigation. 

The
continuous process of maintaining and adapting our internal controls and complying with Section 404 is expensive and time-consuming,
and requires significant management attention. We cannot be sure that our internal control measures will continue to provide adequate
control over our financial processes and reporting and ensure compliance with Section 404. Any failure by us to comply with Section
404 could subject us to a variety of administrative sanctions   and harm our reputation, which
could reduce our stock price.  

We Face Significant Competition in
the Software Industry    

Our self-service data
preparation and visual data discovery products compete with other companies in the Big Data and business analytics market. These
markets are highly competitive and include companies such as Tableau Software, TIBCO Spotfire (a subsidiary of TIBCO Software Inc.),
Qlik Technologies, Inc, Informatica, Alteryx, Paxata, Trifacta and First Derivatives, as well as larger technology companies such
as IBM, SAP, MicroStrategy, Inc., SAS and Oracle. Many of the competitors in these markets have longer operating histories, greater
name recognition and substantially greater financial, marketing and technological resources than we do. No assurance can be given
that our business will have the resources required to compete successfully in the future. In addition, many of these competitors
have strong relationships with current and potential customers and extensive knowledge of the business analytics industry. As a
result, they may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. If we are
unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors, the business, results of operations and financial condition
of the combined business would be harmed. In addition, competitive pressures or other factors may result in significant price erosion
that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Maintaining and enhancing
the Datawatch brand and our reputation is critical to our relationships with our customers and channel partners and to our ability
to attract new customers and channel partners. We believe that the importance of our brand recognition and reputation will continue
to increase as competition in our market continues to develop. The failure to maintain or enhance our brand recognition or reputation
would likely adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our Success is Dependent on Proprietary
Software Technology    

Our success is dependent
upon proprietary software technology. We do not currently own patents on any such technology and we rely principally on a combination
of trade secrets, copyright and trademark laws, nondisclosure and other contractual agreements and technical measures to protect
our rights to such proprietary technology. Additionally, on June 30, 2015, we applied with the United States Patent and Trademark
Office (USPTO) for patent protection for our proprietary systems and methods for automatically generating tables using auto-generated
templates and, on January 12, 2016, we applied with the USPTO for patent protection for our proprietary systems and methods for
generating tables from print-ready digital source documents.  Despite such precautions, there can be no assurance that such
steps will be adequate to deter misappropriation of such technology.  

Our Use of Open Source Software Could
Negatively Affect our Ability to Sell our Products and Subject us to Possible Litigation.   

We use open source
software in our products and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. We may face claims from others claiming
ownership of, or seeking to enforce the terms of, an open source license, including by demanding release of the open source software,
derivative works or our proprietary source code that was developed using such software. These claims could also result in litigation,
require us to purchase costly licenses or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our products,
any of which would have a negative effect on our business and operating results. In addition, if the license terms for the open
source code change, we may be forced to re-engineer our products or incur additional costs. Finally, we cannot assure that we have
incorporated additional open source software in our products in a manner that is consistent with our current policies and procedures. 

We May be Subject to Intellectual
Property Rights Claims by Third Parties, Which are Extremely Costly to Defend, Could Require us to Pay Significant Damages and
Could Limit our Ability to use Certain Technologies.    

Companies in the software
and technology industries, including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks
and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual
property rights. We may receive notices that claim we have misappropriated, misused or infringed other parties  intellectual
property rights, and, to the extent we gain greater market visibility, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual
property infringement claims, which is not uncommon with respect to the business analytics software market. 

There may be third-party
intellectual property rights, including issued or pending patents that cover significant aspects of our technologies or business
methods. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or
litigate and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims could subject us to significant liability
for damages, potentially including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights. Such claims
could also result in our having to stop using technology found to be in violation of a third party s rights or to seek a
license to use such technology, which may not be available on reasonable terms or may require us to pay significant royalties,
increasing our operating expenses. As a result, we may need to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require
significant effort and expense. If we cannot license or develop technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would
be forced to limit or stop sales of our software and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these outcomes would adversely
affect our business operations and financial results. 

Government Regulation of the Internet
and e-commerce and of the International Exchange of Certain Technologies is Subject to Possible Unfavorable Changes, and our Failure
to Comply with Applicable Regulations Could Harm our Business and Operating Results    

As Internet commerce
continues to evolve, increasing regulation by federal, state or foreign governments becomes more likely. For example, increased
regulation is likely in the area of data privacy, and laws and regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, processing
or use of personal or consumer information could affect our customers  ability to use and share data, potentially reducing
demand for our products and services. In addition, taxation of products and services provided over the Internet or other charges
by government agencies or by private organizations for accessing the Internet may also be imposed. Any regulation imposing greater
fees for Internet use or restricting the exchange of information over the Internet could result in reduced growth or a decline
in the use of the Internet and could diminish the viability of our Internet-based services, which could harm our business and operating
results. 

We May Not be Able to Hire and Retain
Highly Skilled Employees, Which Could Affect our Ability to Compete Effectively Because our Business is Technology-Based    

Qualified personnel
are in great demand throughout the software industry. Our success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract, train, motivate
and retain highly skilled employees, particularly technical personnel and product development and professional services personnel,
sales and marketing personnel and other senior personnel. Our failure to attract and retain the highly trained technical personnel
that are integral to our product development, professional services and sales and marketing teams may limit the rate at which we
can generate sales and develop new products or product enhancements. We have hired a number of key executives during the past three
years, including key executives in sales, marketing, finance and human resources functions. A loss of these personnel or other
changes in key management could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.  

Evolving Regulation of Corporate
Governance and Public Disclosure May Result in Additional Expenses and Continuing Uncertainty    

Changing laws, regulations
and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related SEC regulations as well as the listing standards of the NASDAQ
Stock Market, have created and are continuing to create uncertainty for public companies. We continually evaluate and monitor developments
with respect to new and proposed rules and cannot predict or estimate the amount of the additional costs incurred or the timing
of such costs. These new or changed laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to
their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory
and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by
ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance
and public disclosure. As a result, we have invested resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards. This investment
has resulted and may continue to result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and
attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations
and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory
authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and we may be harmed.  

The Failure of Indirect Distribution
Channels Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on our Operating Results    

We sell a significant
portion of our products through distributors, value-added resellers, OEMs and other business partners, none of which are under
our direct control. Sales to indirect distribution channels accounted for 35%, 40% and 44%, of total sales for fiscal years 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively. Our agreement with Lifeboat expired in early 2015 and, to manage the transition, we have refocused
part of our Inside Sales Team to manage and pursue the book of business previously handled by Lifeboat. The loss of major distributors
or resellers of our products, or a significant decline in their sales, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
We actively seek to develop new distributor and reseller relationships on the basis of their business credentials and their ability
to add value through expertise in specific vertical markets or application programming expertise, although there can be no assurance
that we will be able to attract or retain qualified distributors or resellers or that the distributors or resellers will be able
to effectively sell our products. In addition, we may rely on resellers to provide post-sales service and support, and any deficiencies
in such service and support could adversely affect our business.  

Failure to Maintain an Adequate Sales
Returns Reserve Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on our Financial Position and Results of Operations    

Revenue from the sale
of all our software products (when separately sold) is generally recognized at the time of shipment. We estimate and maintain reserves
for potential future product returns from distributors based on our experience and history with our various distributors and resellers.
While actual returns have historically been within the range estimated by management, future actual results could differ from the
reserve for sales returns recorded, and this difference could have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations.
As of September 30, 2016, we had no distributors.  

Our Subscription Sales Model for
our Enterprise Products Could Result in Decreased or Delayed Revenues and Cash Flows    

We sell our enterprise
products through the sale of perpetual licenses and through a subscription pricing model. The subscription pricing model allows
customers to use our products at a lower initial cost of software acquisition when compared to the more traditional perpetual license
sale. Although the subscription sales model is designed to increase the number of enterprise solutions sold and also reduce dependency
on short-term sales by building a recurring revenue stream, it introduces increased risks for us primarily associated with the
timing of revenue recognition and reduced cash flows. The subscription model delays revenue recognition when compared to the typical
perpetual license sale and also, as we allow termination of certain subscriptions with 90 days  notice, it could result in
decreased revenue for solutions sold under the model if we experience a high percentage of subscription cancellations following
the first 12 months of the subscription. Further, as amounts due from customers are invoiced annually over the life of the subscription,
there are delayed cash flows from subscription sales when compared to perpetual license sales.  

If our Security Measures are Breached
or Other Unauthorized Access to Customer Data is Otherwise Obtained, our Software May be Perceived as not being Secure, Customers
May Reduce the Use of or Stop Using our Software, and we May Incur Significant Liabilities   

Our software, when
installed on our customer s premises, may involve the storage and transmission of customer data, and security breaches could
result in the loss of this information, litigation, indemnity obligations and other liability. While we have taken steps to protect
the confidential information that we have access to, including confidential information we may obtain through our customer support
services or customer usage of our products, we do not have the ability to monitor or review the content that our customers store,
and therefore, we have no direct control over the substance of that content. Therefore, if customers use our software for the transmission
or storage of personally identifiable information and our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee
error, malfeasance or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer, and we could incur significant liability.
Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until
they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures.
Further, while we have taken steps to maintain compliance with laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security, including
the adoption of internationally recognized standards of data protection and security, the loss, retention or misuse of certain
information and/or alleged violations of such laws and regulations may expose us to significant liability. Any or all of these
issues could negatively impact our ability to attract new customers and increase engagement by existing customers, cause existing
customers to elect to not renew their subscriptions, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or
liability, thereby adversely affecting our financial results. 

We May Require Additional Capital
to Grow our Business, and Our Financing Arrangements Expose us to Interest Rate and Default Risk   

Our business may require
additional capital to operate and expand. We have historically relied upon cash generated from operations and bank credit lines
to satisfy our capital needs and finance growth. If we determine in the future to make significant investments in our business,
including by acquiring assets or businesses from third parties, we may attempt to raise additional funds by securing additional
debt financing or selling equity securities in either the public or the private markets. As the financial markets change and new
regulations come into effect, the cost of acquiring financing and the methods of financing may change. We may not be able to obtain
additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all. If we raise additional equity financing, our security holders
may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the value of shares of our common stock could decline. If
we engage in debt financing, we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, force
us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios or restrict our ability to make acquisitions. Our inability to do any of the
foregoing could reduce our ability to compete successfully and adversely affect our results of operations. Changes in our credit
rating or other market factors may increase our interest expense or other costs of capital, or capital may not be available to
us on acceptable terms to fund our needs. 

Catastrophic Events May Adversely
Affect Our Business    

Our company is a highly
automated business which relies on our network infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems and website
for development, marketing, operational, support and sales activities. A disruption or failure of these systems in the event of
a major storm, earthquake, fire, telecommunications failure, cyber-attack, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event could cause
system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our product development and loss of critical data and could affect our ability
to sell and deliver products and services and other critical functions of our business.  

Risks Relating to an Investment in our
Common Stock     

The Market Price of our Stock Has
Been and May Continue to Be Volatile   

As has recently been
the case with the stocks of high technology companies, the market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile.
O ur stock price may be adversely affected by many factors, including:  

actual or anticipated fluctuations in
our operating results, including those resulting from changes in accounting rules;    

increased competition;   

general market conditions;    

announcements of technical innovations;    

announcements related to the Board s
review of strategic alternatives to increase shareholder value;    

new products or services offered by us,
our suppliers or our competitors;    

expenses or other difficulties associated with assimilating companies acquired by us;   

changes in the mix of sales channels;   

the timing of significant customer orders;   

changes in estimates or recommendations
by securities analysts of our future financial performance, failure to obtain analyst coverage of our common stock or our failure
to achieve analyst earnings estimates;    

the issuance of additional shares to obtain financing or for acquisitions;   

our compliance with SEC and NASDAQ rules
and regulations, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;    

trading volume of our common stock;    

the timing of stock sales under 10b5-1
plans or otherwise by our shareholders in the future; and    

political instability, natural disasters, war and/or events of terrorism.   

Even though we do
not presently provide forecasts of our future financial performance, any shortfall in revenue or earnings from the levels anticipated
by securities analysts or investors could have an immediate and significant adverse effect on the market price of our common stock
in any given period. In addition, the stock market has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which
have particularly affected the market price for many high technology companies and which, on occasion, have appeared to be unrelated
to the operating performance of such companies. Finally, to maintain our stock listing with NASDAQ, we must be in compliance with
NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. If we are not able to maintain compliance with these rules, and if our common stock does not qualify
for, or is subsequently delisted from, the NASDAQ Capital Market, investors may have difficulty converting their investment into
cash efficiently. The price of our common stock and the ability of holders to sell such stock would be adversely affected.  

Because We do Not Expect to Pay Dividends
on Our Common Stock, Stockholders Will Benefit from an Investment in our Common Stock Only if it Appreciates in Value   

We have never paid
cash dividends on our common stock and have no present intention to pay any dividends in the future.  We are not profitable
and may not earn sufficient revenue to meet all operating cash needs for at least several years, if at all.  As a result,
we intend to use all available cash and liquid assets in the development of our business.  Any future determination about
the payment of dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our earnings, if any, our
capital requirements, our operating and financial conditions and on such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant.  As
a result, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value.  There
is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which stockholders have purchased
their shares. 

Sales of a Substantial Number of
Shares of Our Common Stock in the Public Market by Us or by Existing Stockholders, or the Perception that they may Occur, Could
Cause our Stock Price to Decline.   

Insiders presently
hold a significant percentage of our stock, and our shares are thinly traded in the public market.  Sales
of substantial amounts of our common stock by us or by our stockholders, announcements of the proposed sales of substantial amounts
of our common stock or the perception that substantial sales may be made, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
We may issue additional shares of our common stock in follow-on offerings to raise additional capital or in connection with acquisitions
or corporate alliances and we plan to issue additional shares to our employees and directors in connection with their services
to us. Any issuance of additional common stock will dilute the ownership interest of existing common shareholders. All of the currently
outstanding shares of our common stock are freely tradable under federal and state securities laws, except for shares held by our
employees, directors, officers and certain greater than five percent shareholders, which may be subject to volume limitations.
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time and could reduce the market
price of our common stock.  

We Can Issue Shares of Preferred
Stock that May Adversely Affect the Rights of Holders of Our Common Stock   

Our certificate of
incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights, and preferences determined
from time to time by our board of directors.  Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval,
to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights superior to those of holders of our common
stock.  For example, an issuance of shares of preferred stock could: 

adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock;   

make it more difficult for a third party to gain control of us;   

discourage bids for our common stock at a premium;   

limit or eliminate any payments that the holders of our common stock could expect to receive upon
our liquidation; or   

otherwise adversely affect the market price or our common stock.   

If Securities or Industry Analysts
Publish Research or Reports About Our Business, or if they Change their Recommendations Regarding Our Stock, the Price of Our Stock
and Trading Volume Could Decline   

The trading market
for our common stock is influenced by the research reports and opinions that are published about our business. If the analysts
that cover us fail to publish reports in a regular manner, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause
a significant and prolonged decline in our stock price due to lack of investor awareness. Furthermore, if one or more analysts
downgrade our stock or comment negatively about our prospects or the prospects of other companies operating in our industry, our
stock price could decline significantly. 

Our Governing Documents and Delaware
Law may Discourage the Potential Acquisition of Our Business and Adversely Affect the Rights of our Common Stock   

Our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult without the approval of
our board of directors. In addition, we are subject to anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law. These provisions may deter or
discourage takeover attempts and other changes in control of us not approved by our board of directors. If potential acquirers
are deterred, you may lose an opportunity to profit from a possible acquisition premium in our stock price. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS    

Not applicable. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES    

Datawatch is currently
headquartered in 20,360 square feet of leased office space in Bedford, Massachusetts pursuant to a lease agreement executed on
June 23, 2015. The lease expires in December 2022. The aggregate rent expense for the remaining term of the lease is $3.5 million.
In addition to rent, the lease requires us to pay certain taxes, insurance and operating costs related to the leased facility based
on our pro-rata share of such costs. In conjunction with entering into the lease, the Company was required to deposit $0.2 million
into a restricted cash account as collateral for a Letter of Credit, which is  included
under the caption   Other long-term assets   in our consolidated
balance sheets, for the period ended September 30, 2016.  

We also maintain
sales and development offices in the U.S., and international sales, administrative and development offices in the U.K., Singapore
and Sweden. In addition, we maintain a software development and testing facility in the Philippines. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

We are occasionally
involved in legal proceedings and other claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not party
to any litigation that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

Not applicable. 

PART II   

Item 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS     AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES    

Market Information   

Our common stock is
listed and traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol DWCH. The range of high and low closing prices during each fiscal
quarter for the last two fiscal years is set forth below:  

Holders   

There were 81 shareholders
of record as of November 8, 2016. We believe that the number of beneficial holders of common stock is 2,534. The last reported
sale of our common stock on November 8, 2016 was at $6.55.  

Dividends   

We have not paid any
cash dividends and it is anticipated that none will be declared in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings,
if any, to provide funds for the operation, development and expansion of our business.  

Equity Plan Information   

The following table
provides information about the Common Stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under all of our
existing equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2016, including the Company s 2006 Equity Compensation and Incentive
Plan (the  2006 Plan ) and the Company s Second Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Compensation and Incentive Plan
(the  2011 Plan ). The 2006 Plan and the 2011 Plan have previously been approved by our stockholders. 

Number of       
     Weighted       

Securities to be       
     average exercise       
     Number of     

issued upon       
     price of       
     securities     

exercise of       
     outstanding       
     remaining     

outstanding       
     options,       
     available     

options, warrants       
     warrants and       
     for future     
 
     Plan Category    
     and rights(1)       
     rights(2)       
      issuance      

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    
        884,565       
     $  6.31       
        176,904     
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
        -       
                
        -     

Total    
        884,565       
                
        176,904     

(2)    Weighted-average exercise
prices do not include restricted stock units as these do not contain exercise prices.  

Stock Performance Graph   

The following graph
compares the yearly change in the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company s Common Stock during the period from
September 30, 2011 through September 30, 2016, with the cumulative total return on (i) an SIC Index that includes all organizations
in the Company s Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) Code 7372-Prepackaged Software (the  SIC Code Index )
and (ii) the Media General Market Weighted Nasdaq Index Return (the  Nasdaq Market Index ). The comparison assumes
that $100 was invested on October 1, 2011 in the Company s Common Stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes
reinvestment of dividends, if any. 

The stock price performance
shown on the graph and in the table above is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. Information used in the graph
and table was obtained from Zacks Investment Research, a source believed to be reliable, but the Company is not responsible for
any errors or omissions in such information. 

Item 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
DATA    

The following table
sets forth selected consolidated financial data for the periods indicated. The selected consolidated financial data for and as
of the end of the years in the five-year period ended September 30, 2016 are derived from our consolidated financial statements.
The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  and the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes which appear elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.  

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

The following discussion
and analysis is qualified by reference to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements which
appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

GENERAL   

Introduction    

We are engaged in
the design, development, marketing, distribution and support of business computer software primarily for the self-service data
preparation and visual data discovery markets to allow organizations to access, analyze and visualize information in a more meaningful
fashion. The Datawatch platform is an enterprise solution that bridges the gap between the ease-of-use and agility that business
users demand together with the scalability, automation and governance needed by IT. 

We offer our enterprise
products through perpetual licenses and subscription pricing models. Subscriptions automatically renew unless terminated with 90
days  notice following the first year of the subscription term. The subscription arrangement includes software, maintenance
and unspecified future upgrades including major version upgrades. During fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, subscription revenues
were $2.4 million, $0.7 million and $0.4 million, respectively. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

In the preparation
of financial statements and other financial data, management applies certain accounting policies to transactions that, depending
on judgments made by management, can result in different outcomes. In order for a reader to understand the following information
regarding our financial performance and condition, an underlying understanding of those accounting policies is important. Certain
of those policies are comparatively more important to our financial results and condition than others. The policies that we believe
are most important for a reader s understanding of the financial information provided in this report are described below. 

Revenue Recognition and Allowance for
Bad Debts  

We license our software
products directly to end-users and indirectly to end-users, through value-added resellers, strategic partners and distributors.
Sales to indirect distribution channels accounted for 35%, 40% and 44%, of total sales for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Revenue from the sale of all software products (when separately sold) is generally recognized at the time of shipment, provided
there are no uncertainties surrounding product acceptance, the fee is fixed or determinable, collectability is reasonably assured,
persuasive evidence of the arrangement exists and there are no significant obligations remaining. Our software product offerings
do not require customization. Our software products can be installed and used by customers on their own with little or no configuration
required. Multi-user licenses marketed by us are sold as a right to use the number of licenses, and the license fee revenue is
recognized upon delivery of all software required to satisfy the number of licenses sold. Upon delivery, the licensing fee is payable
without further delivery obligations by us.  

Our software products
are generally sold in multiple element arrangements which may include software licenses, professional services, educational services
and customer support. In such multiple element arrangements, we apply the residual method in determining revenue to be allocated
to the software license. In applying the residual method, we deduct from the sale proceeds the vendor specific objective evidence
( VSOE ) of fair value of the professional services, educational services and customer support in determining the residual
fair value of the software license. The VSOE of fair value of the services and customer support is based on the amounts charged
for these elements when sold separately. Professional services include advanced modeling, application design, implementation and
configuration and process optimization with revenue recognized as the services are performed. These services are generally delivered
on a time and materials basis, are billed as the work is performed, and do not involve modification or customization of the software
or any other unusual acceptance clauses or terms. Customer support is typically provided under a maintenance agreement which provides
technical support and rights to unspecified software maintenance updates and bug fixes on a when-and-if available basis. Revenue
from customer support services is deferred and recognized ratably over the period of support (generally one year). Such deferred
amounts are recorded as part of deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  

We also license our
enterprise software using a subscription model. At the time a customer enters into a binding agreement to purchase a subscription,
the customer is invoiced annually in advance and an account receivable and deferred revenue are recorded. Beginning on the date
the software is installed at the customer site and available for use by the customer, and provided that all other criteria for
revenue recognition are met, the deferred revenue amount is recognized ratably over the period the service is provided. The subscription
arrangement includes software, maintenance and unspecified future upgrades including major version upgrades on a when-and-if available
basis. The subscription renewal rate is the same as the initial subscription rate.  

Our software products
are sold under warranty against certain defects in material and workmanship for a period of 30 days from the date of purchase.
We also offer a 30 day money-back guarantee on our Datawatch Monarch product sold directly to end-users. 

We maintain allowances
for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of customers to make required payments. We analyze accounts
receivable and the composition of the accounts receivable aging, historical bad debts, customer creditworthiness, current economic
trends, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and changes in customer payment terms when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance
for doubtful accounts. Based upon the analysis and estimates of the collectability of our accounts receivable, we record an increase
in the allowance for doubtful accounts when the prospect of collecting a specific account receivable becomes doubtful. Actual results
could differ from the allowances for doubtful accounts recorded, and this difference may have a material effect on our financial
position and results of operations. Our allowance for doubtful accounts was $28,000 and $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. 

Income Taxes  

We have deferred tax
assets primarily related to net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits that expire at different times through 2036 or have
an unlimited carryforward. At September 30, 2016, we had U.S. federal tax loss carryforwards of $50.2 million, expiring at various
dates through 2036, including $0.2 million resulting from an acquisition undertaken during 2004 which are subject to additional
annual limitations as a result of the changes in ownership, and had $28.5 million in state tax loss carryforwards, which also expire
at various dates through 2036. Included in the Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards are $7.6 million of tax deductions
from share-based compensation, which will be recorded as additional paid-in capital when realized. An alternative minimum tax credit
of $7,000 is available to offset future regular federal taxes. We have federal research and development credits of $1.0 million
that begin to expire in 2021 and state credits of $0.5 million that expire at various dates through 2030. In addition, we have
the following foreign net operating loss carryforwards: U.K. losses of $9.8 million with no expiration date, Australia losses of
$3.5 million with no expiration date, Germany losses of $2.2 million with no expiration date, Singapore losses of $2.9 million
with no expiration date, and Sweden losses of $10.6 million with no expiration date. 

Significant judgment
is required in determining our provision for income taxes, the carrying value of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation
allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets. Factors such as future reversals of deferred tax assets and liabilities, projected
future taxable income, changes in enacted tax rates and the period over which our deferred tax assets will be recoverable are considered
in making these determinations. We do not believe the deferred tax assets in all of our jurisdictions are more likely than not
to be realized and therefore a full valuation allowance has been provided against the deferred tax assets in the U.S., U.K., Australia,
Germany, Singapore, and Sweden at September 30, 2016 and in the U.S., U.K., Australia, Germany, and Singapore at September 30,
2015. Management evaluates the realizability of the deferred tax assets quarterly and, if current economic conditions change or
future results of operations are better than expected, future assessments may result in us concluding that it is more likely than
not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets are realizable. If this conclusion were reached, the valuation allowance against
deferred tax assets would be reduced resulting in a tax benefit being recorded for financial reporting purposes. Total net deferred
tax assets subject to the full valuation allowance were $26.7 million as of September 30, 2016. 

We follow the accounting
guidance for uncertain tax positions. The comprehensive model addresses the financial statement recognition, measurement, presentation
and disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. In accordance with these requirements,
we first determine whether a tax authority would  more likely than not  sustain our tax position if it were to audit
the position with full knowledge of all the relevant facts and other information. For those tax positions that meet this threshold,
we measure the amount of tax benefit based on the largest amount of tax benefit that we have a greater than 50 percent chance of
realizing in a final settlement with the relevant authority. Those tax positions failing to qualify for initial recognition are
recognized in the first interim period in which they meet the more likely than not standard, or are resolved through negotiation
or litigation with the taxing authority, or upon expiration of the statute of limitations. We maintain a cumulative risk portfolio
relating to all of our uncertainties in income taxes in order to perform this analysis, but the evaluation of our tax positions
requires significant judgment and estimation in part because, in certain cases, tax law is subject to varied interpretation, and
whether a tax position will ultimately be sustained may be uncertain. The actual outcome of our tax positions, if significantly
different from our estimates, could materially impact the financial statements. 

At October 1, 2014,
we had a cumulative tax liability of $0.3 million related to U.S. and foreign tax exposure. During the fiscal year ended September
30, 2014, we increased our uncertain tax liability by $18,000. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, we decreased our
uncertain tax liability by $0.1 million due to the statute of limitations expiring and the effective settlement of uncertain tax
liabilities. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 we decreased our uncertain tax liability by $0.1 million due to the
statute of limitations expiring. This results in a cumulative tax liability of $0.2 million at September 30, 2016. These amounts
have been recorded in other long-term liabilities in our accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Software Development Costs   

We capitalize certain
software development costs as well as purchased software upon achieving technological feasibility of the related products. Software
development costs incurred and software purchased prior to achieving technological feasibility are charged to engineering and product
development expense as incurred. Commencing upon initial product release, capitalized costs are amortized to cost of software licenses
using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the product (which approximates the ratio that current gross revenues
for a product bear to the total of current and anticipated future gross revenues for that product), which is generally nine to
eighteen months. During fiscal years 2016 and 2015, no software development costs were capitalized as there were no significant
costs incurred during the period after technological feasibility was established and the time in which the product became available
for general release. During fiscal year 2014, we capitalized $0.3 million of software development costs. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets  

Goodwill represents
the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets of acquired businesses. Indefinite-lived intangibles
are intangible assets whose useful lives are indefinite in that their lives extend beyond the foreseeable horizon   that
is, there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which they are expected to contribute to the cash flows of the reporting
entity. We account for these items in accordance with ASC 350  Intangibles- Goodwill and Other , under which goodwill and
intangible assets having indefinite lives are not amortized but instead are reviewed annually, or more frequently as a result of
an event or change in circumstances, for possible impairment with impaired assets written down to fair value. 

We review goodwill
and intangible assets annually during the fourth quarter and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset
may be impaired, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the asset. Should the fair value of our long-lived
assets decline because of reduced operating performance, market declines, or other indicators of impairment, a charge to operations
for impairment may be necessary. We did not record any impairment charges during fiscal 2016. During the first quarter of fiscal
2015, we identified several events, that when combined, were determined to require an interim impairment test. As a result, the
Company recognized a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of $21.7 million for goodwill and $10.3 million for long-lived assets
(other than goodwill). See Note 2 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for information about our impairment of
goodwill and intangible assets.  

There was no amortization
of software development costs for fiscal years 2016 or 2015. The intangible asset amounts amortized to cost of software licenses
totaled $0.6 million for fiscal 2014. Intangible asset amounts amortized to sales and marketing expense totaled $0.2 million, $0.3
million and $0.6 million for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Intangible asset amounts amortized to general and administrative
expense totaled $20,000 for fiscal year 2016 and totaled $48,000 for both fiscal years 2015 and 2014. There were no intangible
assets amortized to interest expense for fiscal 2016 or 2015. Intangible asset amounts amortized to interest expense totaled $0.1
million for fiscal 2014. 

Share-Based Compensation   

We recognize share-based
compensation expense in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles which require that all share-based awards,
including grants of employee stock options and restricted stock units, be recognized in the financial statements based on their
fair value at date of grant.   

We recognize the fair
value of share-based awards over the requisite service period of the individual awards, which generally equals the vesting period.
For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, we recorded share-based compensation expense of $2.8 million, of which $0.1 million
pertained to options. At September 30, 2016, we had no unrecognized compensation costs related to options.   

We periodically grant
awards of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to our non-employee directors and employees on a discretionary basis pursuant
to our stock compensation plans. Each RSU entitles the holder to receive, at the end of each vesting period, a specified
number of shares of our common stock. Each RSU typically vest at the rate of 33.33% on each of the first through third anniversaries
of the grant date. Additionally, some of the RSUs are subject to a further vesting condition that our common stock must trade at
prices greater than certain minimum per share prices on a national securities exchange for a period of twenty consecutive days
prior to the fourth or fifth anniversary of the grant date depending on the grant. For such RSUs, we apply the Monte Carlo option-pricing
model for determining the fair value on the date of grant. There were no such RSUs issued during the fiscal years ended September
30, 2016 or 2015. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, we recorded share-based compensation expense of $2.7 million related
to RSUs. At September 30, 2016, we had $3.0 million of unrecognized compensation costs related to RSUs, which is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.91 years. 

OVERVIEW  

We believe that we
have the opportunity to become the leading provider of self-service data preparation solutions. Among our current challenges in
realizing that opportunity are the development of a robust channel of distribution partners, finding new customers to capitalize
on the self-service data preparation opportunity and expanding license revenue with our largest existing Monarch and data visualization
customers. 

Our total revenue
for fiscal 2016 was $30.5 million, a 1% increase from revenue of $30.2 million in fiscal 2015. While overall we believe that our
cash position remains strong, our cash and cash equivalent balance at the end of fiscal 2016 was down $7.1 million to $28.0 million
as compared to the end of fiscal year 2015 and was only down $0.8 million from the end of fiscal year 2016 compared to the end
of the preceding fiscal quarter. 

During the second
half of the year, we implemented several new organizational changes, including realigning certain sales team personnel, implementing
new sales processes and adding heightened forecast discipline. Such organizational changes enabled the sales team to produce improved
results during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016. 

Sales execution   

Total
revenue for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was $8.6 million, an increase of 17% from the $7.4 million recorded in the third
quarter of fiscal 2016, and an increase of 7% from total revenue of $8.0 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. In addition,
we increased our deferred revenue $1.2 million, or 15%, compared to the prior year. The increase in deferred revenue was primarily
the result of a shift in our pricing policy to a subscription based model in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 . 

Market awareness   

During fiscal year
2016, we teamed with IBM to deliver better and faster data access and self-service data preparation to IBM Watson Analytics and
IBM Cognos Analytics users. As part of this partnership, IBM agreed to resell Monarch for self-service data preparation. In the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, Harley Davidson, one of the most recognized brands for custom, cruiser and touring motorcycles,
became one of the first joint customers of Datawatch Monarch and IBM Watson Analytics for self-service data preparation and automated
data analysis, automatic visualization and predictive analysis. 

Innovation
to product platform   

During the fourth
quarter of fiscal year 2016, we introduced two major, innovative software releases that allow us to address the evolving Big Data
and fast data analytics needs of business analysts, data scientists and IT users. The latest release of Monarch includes expanded
support for data sources, including Google Analytics and Salesforce, new export integrations, including Microsoft Power BI, and
advanced data preparation features for large data sets. The latest release of Panopticon is the most significant since the original
launch of the product, and expands upon Datawatch s approach to fast data analytics with a Web client architecture that
supports the most challenging real-time visualization requirements for data in motion. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following table
sets forth certain statements of operations data as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated. The data has been
derived from our accompanying consolidated financial statements. The operating results for any period should not be considered
indicative of the results expected for any future period.  

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016
as Compared to   

   Fiscal Year Ended September 30,
2015   

Total Revenues    

Software license
revenue.  Software license revenue decreased $0.1 million compared with software license revenue for fiscal year 2015. During
the second half of fiscal year 2015, we implemented a change in our pricing practice for Monarch which requires all new or non-current
maintenance customers purchasing fewer than ten seats of Monarch, to purchase term licenses instead of perpetual licenses. The
decrease in software license revenue for fiscal year 2016 was due to a decrease in perpetual software license revenue of $1.9 million,
caused in part by the pricing change, offset by an increase in subscription license revenue of $1.8 million compared to fiscal
year 2015. We have observed the continued growth of our deferred revenue related to subscription software, which we believe will
translate into software license revenue in future quarters. Overall our deferred revenue increased $1.2 million as of September
30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015. Of the total deferred revenue increases, deferred license revenue increased $1.0 million,
or 104%, as a direct result of the pricing change. The average deal size for perpetual licenses increased 24% from $6,500 in fiscal
year 2015 to $8,000 in fiscal year 2016. 

Maintenance revenue.
 Maintenance revenue grew $0.4 million compared to fiscal year 2015 driven primarily by strong renewal bookings of both enterprise
and desktop software. Maintenance revenue from renewal business increased $1.4 million offset by a decrease of $1.0 million in
maintenance revenue from new business. The renewal rate for fiscal year 2016 was 78% compared to 70% for fiscal year 2015. 

Professional services.
 Professional services revenue remained relatively flat compared to last fiscal year. 

Total Costs and Expenses    

Cost of software
licenses.  The $0.2 million decrease was primarily due to lower amortization expense driven by the reduction in carrying value
of the Panopticon intellectual property asset as a result of the impairment charge recorded during the first quarter of fiscal
2015. 

Cost of maintenance
and services.  The $0.9 million decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in employee related costs and restructuring charges.
As a result of workforce reductions that occurred during fiscal 2015, employee related expenses, such as salaries, payroll taxes
and benefits decreased $0.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 when compared to fiscal year 2015. In addition,
restructuring charges due to the workforce reductions, decreased $0.4 million for fiscal year 2016 when compared to fiscal year
2015. The decrease in employee related costs and restructuring charges were partially offset by a $0.1 million increase in outside
consulting services. 

Sales and marketing
expenses.  The $6.3 million decrease in sales and marketing expenses was comprised of a decrease in sales expense of $6.1 million
and a decrease in marketing expense of $0.2 million. The decrease in sales expenses was primarily driven by workforce reductions
which occurred during fiscal year 2015, including a decrease of $2.8 million in employee related expenses, such as salaries, payroll
taxes and benefits, and a $0.7 million decrease in travel related expenses. Share-based compensation decreased $1.9 million as
a result of numerous factors, including a $1.3 million decrease due to the reduction in headcount, a decrease in expense of $0.3
million due to the departure of our Chief Revenue Officer and a $0.3 million decrease due to the decreased fair value of share-based
awards issued to consultants. In addition to the decreased expenses resulting from the workforce reductions and the decreased share-based
compensation, we also realized a $0.5 million decrease in spending related to outside consultants and a $0.2 million reduction
in amortization expense due to the impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets which occurred during fiscal year 2015. The decrease
in marketing expenses was primarily driven by workforce reductions which occurred during fiscal year 2015, including a decrease
of $0.3 million in employee related expenses, such as salaries, payroll taxes and benefits, and a $0.3 million decrease in restructuring
charges. In addition, to the decreased expenses resulting from the workforce reductions, we also realized a $0.5 million decrease
in spending related to outside consultants and a $0.2 million decrease in share-based compensation expenses due to workforce reductions,
which occurred during the fiscal year 2015. The decreases in marketing expenses were partially offset by an increase of $1.0 million
in advertising, public relations and lead generation activities. 

Engineering and
product development expenses.   The $0.7 million decrease was driven primarily by workforce reductions which occurred during
fiscal year 2015, including a $0.7 million decrease in employee related expenses such as salaries, payroll taxes and benefits,
and a $0.4 million decrease in restructuring charges. The planned decreased headcount was primarily related to resources focused
on legacy products. The cost reductions related to the decrease in headcount were partially offset by a $0.4 million increase in
consulting expenses related to outside development services during fiscal year 2016. 

General and administrative
expenses.  The $1.0 million increase was driven primarily by a $0.7 million increase in outside consulting and professional
services expenses related to the contested election of our directors at our 2016 annual shareholders meeting in April 2016. In
addition, there was a $0.3 million increase in share-based compensation for the fiscal year 2016 when compared to fiscal year 2015. 

Impairment of
goodwill and long-lived assets.  There were no impairment charges related to goodwill and long-lived assets in fiscal year 2016.
In fiscal year 2015, we recorded goodwill and long-lived assets impairment charges of $21.7 million and $10.3 million, respectively,
as a result of performing an interim impairment review as required under ASC 350  Intangibles   Goodwill and Other . 

Other income (expense)   

Other income (expense).
 There was a minimal amount of other income for the fiscal years 2016 and 2015. 

Foreign currency
transactions loss.  The foreign currency loss for the fiscal years 2016 and 2015 was attributable to fluctuation of the British
pound sterling and other foreign currencies in which we transact. 

Income tax (expense) benefit   

Income tax (expense)
benefit.  Income tax provision for the fiscal year 2016 was $1.5 million as compared to an income tax benefit of $2.7 million
for the fiscal year 2015. The income tax provision for the fiscal year 2016 was comprised of a state tax provision of $10,000,
a foreign tax provision of $1.6 million, primarily related to establishing a valuation allowance on the Swedish subsidiary s
deferred tax assets, and a benefit for uncertain tax positions relative to U.S., state, and foreign tax of $0.1 million. The income
tax benefit for the fiscal year 2015 was comprised primarily of the change in the deferred tax liability in Sweden as a result
of impairing non-goodwill intangibles and amortization, losses generated in Sweden, estimated state taxes, return to provision
adjustments, reduction to uncertain tax positions, and accruing interest on uncertain tax positions. 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2015
as Compared to   

   Fiscal Year Ended September 30,
2014   

Total Revenues    

Software license
revenue.  During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, we transitioned our business and sales approach to one that emphasizes
what we view as the higher value differentiation of our complete managed analytics platform and places more focus on the potential
offered by our Monarch customer base, investing more in a  high velocity  inside selling model and shifting our partner
program to a centralized global model. The disruption associated with this realignment of our focus was the primary driver of the
$5.3 million decrease in software license revenue for the fiscal year 2015 as compared to the fiscal year 2014. During the fiscal
year 2015, we implemented a new pricing policy which requires a subscription based model for smaller sized Monarch orders. As a
result of this policy change, we increased our license deferred revenue by $0.9 million over the fiscal year 2014. 

Maintenance revenue.
 The $0.7 million increase in maintenance revenue was primarily driven by strong renewal bookings of both enterprise and desktop
software. 

Professional services.
 Professional services revenue decreased $0.2 million, as a result of changes in selling approach which previously required
professional services to be included on all enterprise deals. 

Total Costs and Expenses    

Cost of software
licenses.  The $1.0 million decrease was primarily due to lower amortization expense. Our amortization of capitalized development
costs pertaining to a prior release of our Datawatch Monarch and Datawatch Server products which were fully amortized as of September
30, 2014 decreased $0.6 million. In addition, amortization of acquired intangibles decreased by $0.6 million due to the reduction
in carrying value of the Panopticon intellectual property asset as a result of the impairment charge recorded during the first
fiscal quarter. These decreases in amortization expense were offset by a $0.2 million increase in royalties paid. 

Cost of maintenance
and services.  Costs of maintenance and services decreased $0.2 million as a result of a $0.6 million decrease in employee related
expenses resulting from a 28% decrease in maintenance and services headcount due to the restructuring efforts that occurred during
fiscal year 2015 and a shift to a web enabled, on-line approach to the delivery of training, which were offset by a $0.4 million
increase in restructuring charges. 

Sales
and marketing expenses.  The $4.1 million decrease in sales and marketing expenses was comprised of a decrease in sales expense
of $0.9 million and a decrease in marketing expense of $3.2 million. The decreased sales expense resulted from decreases of $1.4
million of share-based compensation and $0.5 million in employee-related costs attributable to a 15% decrease in sales headcount
resulting from the restructuring efforts, and a $0.2 million decrease in amortization which resulted from the reduction in the
carrying value of intangibles due to the impairment charges recorded during the fiscal year. These decreases were partially offset
by a $0.6 million increase in professional services and a $0.4 million increase in restructuring charges. The marketing decrease
was primarily driven by the restructuring effort which reduced marketing headcount by 36% and resulted in   (i)
an increase of $0.4 million of restructuring charges offset by a $1.9 million decrease in marketing and promotional expenses compared
to fiscal 2014 resulting from expenses incurred during 2014 in connection with the redesign of our website and a decrease in other
marketing materials as we refocus our lead generation programs, (ii) a $0.8 million decrease in share-based compensation, and (iii)
a $0.5 million decrease in other employee related costs. In addition, consulting costs decreased $0.4 million.  

Engineering and
product development expenses.   The $0.2 million decrease was driven mainly by a $1.2 million decrease in share-based compensation
resulting from a 32% decrease in engineering and product development headcount associated with the restructuring efforts, which
were offset by an increase of $0.3 million in restructuring costs. In addition, consulting costs increased $0.5 million and facility
related expenses increased $0.3 million driven by an increased focus on product development to support ongoing development of our
managed analytics platform. 

General and administrative
expenses.  The $0.6 million decrease was mainly the result of a $0.5 million decrease in external consulting costs, offset by
a $0.1 million increase in employee related costs as we phased out the use of consultants by hiring employees. In addition, we
incurred $0.2 million in restructuring charges, which were offset by a $0.3 million decrease in share-based compensation. 

Impairment of goodwill
and long-lived assets.  In fiscal year 2015, we recorded goodwill and long-lived assets impairment charges of $21.7 million
and $10.3 million, respectively, as a result of performing an interim impairment review as required under ASC 350  Intangibles
  Goodwill and Other . The write-down of the long-lived assets will have a favorable effect on the statements of operations
from reduced future intangible amortization expense.  

Other income (expense)   

Interest expense.
 There was no interest expense for the fiscal year 2015. Interest expense of $0.4 million for the fiscal year 2014 represents
primarily interest expense related to our $4.0 million subordinated notes with a private investment company and borrowings under
a $2.0 million revolving credit facility with a bank, each of which were paid off in full and terminated during the fiscal year
2014. 

Other income (expense).
 There was a minimal amount of other income for the fiscal year 2015. Other expense for the fiscal year 2014 of $0.8 million
was primarily due to a loss on extinguishment of debt recorded as a result of paying down the $2.0 million subordinated note with
a private investment company. The loss represented the unamortized debt discount on the subordinated note. 

Foreign currency
transactions loss.  The foreign currency loss for the fiscal years 2015 and 2014 was attributable to fluctuation of the British
pound sterling and other foreign currencies in which we transact. 

Benefit for income taxes   

Income tax benefit.
 During the fiscal year 2015, we recorded a tax benefit of $2.7 million, primarily related to the change in the deferred tax
liability in Sweden as a result of impairing non-goodwill intangibles and amortization, losses generated in Sweden, estimated state
taxes, return to provision adjustments, reduction to uncertain tax positions, and accruing interest on uncertain tax positions.
During the fiscal year 2014, we recorded a tax benefit of $0.5 million, primarily related to losses generated in Sweden, estimated
state taxes, return to provision adjustments, and accrued interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. 

OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS, CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS   

We lease various facilities
and equipment in the U.S. and overseas under non-cancelable operating leases that expire through 2022. The lease agreements generally
provide for the payment of minimum annual rentals, pro rata share of taxes, and maintenance expenses. Rental expense for all operating
leases was $1.1 million for the fiscal year 2016, and $1.0 million for both fiscal years 2015 and 2014. Certain of our facility
leases include options to renew. 

On June 23, 2015,
we entered into a facility lease in Bedford, MA for our corporate headquarters. The lease is for 20,360 square feet commencing
January 2016 and ending December 2022 with a monthly expense of $42,000. In conjunction with entering into the lease, we were required
to deposit $0.2 million into a restricted cash account as collateral for a Letter of Credit, which is  included
under the caption   Other long-term assets   in our consolidated
balance sheets, for the year ended September 30, 2016.  At September 30, 2016, deferred rent totaled $0.4 million, which
is  included under the caption   Other long-term liabilities  
in our consolidated balance sheets, for the year ended September 30, 2016.  There was no deferred rent for the year ended
September 30, 2015. 

As of September 30,
2016, our contractual obligations include minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases, debt obligations and
other long-term liabilities related to uncertain tax positions as follows (in thousands):   

Royalty expense included
in cost of software licenses was $0.7 million, $0.6 million and $0.4 million, respectively, for the years ended September 30, 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Our software products
are sold under warranty against certain defects in material and workmanship for a period of 30 days from the date of purchase.
If necessary, we would provide for the estimated cost of warranties based on specific warranty claims and claim history. However,
we have never incurred significant expense under our product or service warranties. As a result, we believe our exposure related
to these warranty agreements is minimal. Accordingly, there are no liabilities recorded for warranty claims as of September 30,
2016.  

We enter into indemnification
agreements in the ordinary course of business. Pursuant to these agreements, we generally agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and
reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, generally our customers, in connection
with any patent, copyright or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third party with respect to our products. The
term of these indemnification agreements is generally perpetual. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required
to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited. We have never incurred costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related
to these indemnification agreements. As a result, we believe our exposure related to these agreements is minimal. Accordingly,
we have no liabilities recorded for these potential obligations as of September 30, 2016. 

Certain of our agreements
also provide for the performance of services at customer sites. These agreements may contain indemnification clauses, whereby we
will indemnify the customer from any and all damages, losses, judgments, costs and expenses for acts of our employees or subcontractors
resulting in bodily injury or property damage. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under
these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, we have general and umbrella insurance policies that would enable us to
recover a portion of any amounts paid. We have never incurred costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification
agreements. As a result, we believe our exposure related to these agreements is minimal. Accordingly, we have no liabilities recorded
for these potential obligations as of September 30, 2016. 

As permitted under
Delaware law, we have agreements with our directors whereby we will indemnify them for certain events or occurrences while the
director is, or was, serving at our request in such capacity. The term of the director indemnification period is for the later
of ten years after the date that the director ceases to serve in such capacity or the final termination of proceedings against
the director as outlined in the indemnification agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required
to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, our director and officer insurance policy would enable us
to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. As a result of our insurance policy coverage, we believe our exposure related
to these indemnification agreements is minimal. Accordingly, we have no liabilities recorded for these potential obligations as
of September 30, 2016. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

We believe that our
current cash balances and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for working capital and anticipated
capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. At September 30, 2016, we had $28.0 million of cash and cash equivalents
as compared to $35.2 million as of September 30, 2015, a decrease of $7.1 million.  $1.2 million of cash and cash equivalents
at September 30, 2016 was located in foreign banks. 

At September 30, 2016,
we had working capital of $23.5 million as compared to $31.3 million as of September 30, 2015. We do not anticipate additional
cash requirements to fund growth or the acquisition of additional complementary technology or businesses. However, if in the future,
such expenditures are anticipated or required, we may seek additional financing by issuing equity or obtaining credit facilities
to fund such requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to issue additional equity or obtain a new or expanded
credit facility at attractive prices or rates, or at all.  

We had a net loss
of $14.6 million, $49.8 million and $22.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. During the
years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, $6.3 million, $11.9 million and $11.0 million of cash was used in our operating
activities, respectively. During fiscal year 2016, the main use of cash in operations was net loss adjusted for depreciation and
amortization, share-based compensation expense and deferred income taxes as well as the increase in prepaid expenses and other
assets, offset by an increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities and deferred revenue.  During fiscal
year 2015, the main use of cash in operations was net loss adjusted for depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation
expense, deferred income taxes and the impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets as well as the increase in prepaid expenses
and other assets, offset by an increase in deferred revenue. During fiscal year 2014, the main use of cash from operations was
net loss adjusted for depreciation and amortization and share-based compensation expense, as well as decreases in accounts payable,
accrued expenses and other liabilities offset by increases in accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and other assets.   

Net cash used in investing
activities for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $1.0 million and $0.5 million, respectively, was related to the purchase
of property and equipment. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2014 of $0.5 million is attributable
to increases in capitalized software development costs and purchases of property and equipment.  

On February 19, 2014,
we completed a public offering of 2,018,250 shares of common stock at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The number of
shares we sold includes the underwriters  full exercise of their over-allotment option of 263,250 shares. Net proceeds from
the offering, after underwriting discounts and expenses, were $53.6 million. 

Net cash provided
by financing activities for both years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $0.1 million, was related to the proceeds from the
issuance of common stock upon the exercise of outstanding stock options previously awarded under equity compensation plans. Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2014 was $49.0 million and was primarily attributable to
the public offering completed on February 19, 2014 offset by the repayments of debt and repayments on the line of credit.   

We believe that our
current operations have not been materially impacted by the effects of inflation. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

In
June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2016-13 , Financial Instruments   Credit Losses
(Topic 326):     
   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments,   
which requires entities to estimate all expected credit losses for certain types of financial instruments, including trade receivables,
held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The updated
guidance also expands the disclosure requirements to enable users of financial statements to understand the entity s assumptions,
models and methods for estimating expected credit losses. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2019, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating
the potential impacts of this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

In March 2016, the
FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ,
which is intended to simplify various aspects of how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in financial statements.
The standard is effective prospectively for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on our consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which requires lessees to recognize, on the balance sheet, leases with
a lease terms of greater than twelve months as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. The standard is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on our consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In November 2015,
the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which requires that deferred tax liabilities
and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position to simplify the presentation of deferred
income taxes. The standard is effective prospectively for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. As of October 1, 2015, we elected to adopt early the pronouncement on a
prospective basis. Adoption of this amendment did not have an effect on our financial position or results of operations, and prior
periods were not retrospectively adjusted. 

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The ASU is the result of a joint project by the FASB
and the International Accounting Standards Board ( IASB ) to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to
develop a common revenue standard for GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ) that would: remove
inconsistencies and weaknesses, provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, improve comparability of revenue
recognition practices across entities, jurisdictions, industries, and capital markets, improve disclosure requirements and resulting
financial statements, and simplify the presentation of financial statements. The core principle of the new guidance is that an
entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU was initially effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. On July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to delay the effective date of
the new revenue standard by one year, but to permit entities to choose to adopt the standard as of the original effective date.
We are currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures. 

We have considered
all other recently issued accounting pronouncements and do not believe the adoption of such pronouncements will have a material
impact on our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7(A). QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

Derivative Financial Instruments, Other
Financial Instruments, and Derivative Commodity Instruments   

At September 30, 2016,
we did not participate in or hold any derivative financial instruments or commodity instruments and we did not hold any investment
securities that possess significant market risk.  

Primary Market Risk Exposures   

Our primary market
risk exposure is foreign currency exchange rate risk. International revenues and expenses are generally transacted by our foreign
subsidiaries and are denominated in local currency. 14%, 21% and 17% of our revenues for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively,
were from our foreign subsidiaries. In addition, 19%, 16% and 22% of our operating expenses for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014
respectively, were from our foreign subsidiaries.  

We are exposed to
foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in conducting business globally in several currencies, of which the most significant
to our operations has historically been the British Pound. Our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations has been and is
expected to continue to be modest due to the fact that the operations of our international subsidiaries are almost exclusively
conducted in their respective local currencies, and dollar advances to our international subsidiaries, if any, are usually considered
to be of a long-term investment nature. Accordingly, the majority of currency movements are reflected in our other comprehensive
income (loss). Foreign currency translation gains arising during fiscal year 2016 were $0.1 million, and foreign currency translation
losses arising during fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were $0.4 million and $0.3 million, respectively. There are, however, certain
situations where we will invoice customers in currencies other than our own. Such gains or losses from operating activity, whether
realized or unrealized, are reflected in foreign currency transaction (losses) gains in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations and were losses of $0.1 million for the fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    

The following consolidated
financial statements and the related notes thereto of Datawatch Corporation and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm thereon are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
      37   

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 AND FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016:  

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      38   

Consolidated Statements of Operations   
      39   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss   
      40   

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity   
      41   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      42   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      43   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Datawatch Corporation and Subsidiaries 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Datawatch Corporation and Subsidiaries ( the Company )
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations,  comprehensive loss, stockholders 
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Datawatch Corporation and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

RSM US LLP 

Boston, MA 

 November 10, 2016 

DATAWATCH CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

  (In thousands, except share amounts)  

See accompanying notes to these consolidated
financial statements.  

DATAWATCH CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

See accompanying
notes to these consolidated financial statements.  

DATAWATCH CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS  

  (In thousands)  

See accompanying
notes to these consolidated financial statements.  

DATAWATCH CORPORATION   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

  (In thousands, except share amounts)   

See accompanying
notes to these consolidated financial statements.  

DATAWATCH CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (In thousands)   

See accompanying notes to these consolidated
financial statements.  

DATAWATCH CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES   

Nature of Business       

Datawatch Corporation
(the  Company  or  Datawatch ) designs, develops, markets and distributes business computer software products.
The Company also provides services, including implementation and support of its software products, as well as training on their
use and administration. The Company is subject to a number of risks including dependence on key individuals, competition from substitute
products and larger companies and the need for successful ongoing development and marketing of products.  

Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies     

Basis of Presentation and Principles
of Consolidation    

These consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Datawatch and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation.  

Accounting Estimates     

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments, which are evaluated on an
on-going basis, that affect the amounts and disclosures reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. The most significant estimates and judgments include those related to revenue
recognition, the allowance for doubtful accounts, sales returns reserve, valuation of share-based compensation awards, useful lives
of property and equipment, and the valuation of long term assets including goodwill, intellectual property and intangibles, capitalized
software development costs and deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates and judgments. 

Revenue Recognition     

Datawatch software
products are generally sold in multiple element arrangements which may include software licenses, professional services and post-contract
customer support. The Company licenses its software products directly to end-users and indirectly to end-users through value added
resellers and distributors. Sales to indirect distribution channels accounted for 35%, 40% and 44% of total sales for the years
ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company s software product offerings do not require customization
and can be installed and used by customers on their own with little or no configuration required. Multi-user licenses marketed
by the Company are sold as a right to use the number of licenses, and the license fee revenue is recognized upon delivery of the
software. 

Revenue typically
consists of software licenses, post-contract support ( PCS ) and professional services. Revenue from the sale of all
software products is generally recognized at the time of shipment, provided there are no uncertainties surrounding product acceptance,
the fee is fixed or determinable, collectability is reasonably assured, persuasive evidence of the arrangement exists and there
are no significant obligations remaining. PCS is typically provided under a maintenance agreement which provides technical support
and rights to unspecified software maintenance updates and bug fixes on a when-and-if available basis. Revenue from PCS agreements
is deferred and recognized ratably over the term of the agreements, typically one year. Professional services include advanced
modeling, application design, implementation and configuration and process optimization with revenue recognized as the services
are performed. These services are generally delivered on a time and materials basis, billed on a current basis as the work is performed,
and generally do not involve modification or customization of the software or any unusual acceptance clauses or provisions. 

For multiple element
arrangements, total fees are allocated to each of the undelivered elements based upon vendor specific objective evidence ( VSOE )
of their fair values, with the residual amount recognized as revenue for the delivered elements. The residual method of revenue
recognition is used for multi-element arrangements when the VSOE of the fair value does not exist for one of the delivered elements,
generally the software license. Under the residual method, the arrangement fee is recognized as follows: (1) the total fair value
of the undelivered elements, as supported by VSOE, is deferred and subsequently recognized as such items are delivered or completed
and (2) the difference between the total arrangement fee and the amount allocated to the undelivered elements is recognized as
revenue related to the delivered elements. The Company has established VSOE of fair value of PCS from either contractually stated
renewal rates or using the bell-shaped curve method. Additionally, VSOE of fair value of the professional services is based on
the amounts charged for these elements when sold separately. VSOE calculations are routinely updated and reviewed. 

The Company also licenses
its enterprise software using a subscription model. At the time a customer enters into a binding agreement to purchase a subscription,
the customer is invoiced annually in advance and an account receivable and deferred revenue are recorded. Beginning on the date
the software is installed at the customer site and available for use by the customer, and provided that all other criteria for
revenue recognition are met, the deferred revenue amount is recognized ratably over the period the service is provided. The subscription
arrangement includes software, maintenance and unspecified future upgrades including major version upgrades on a when-and-if available
basis. The subscription renewal rate is the same as the initial subscription rate.  

The Company s
software products are sold under warranty against certain defects in material and workmanship for a period of 30 days from the
date of purchase. Revenue from the sale of software products to distributors and resellers is recognized at the time of shipment
providing all other revenue recognition criteria are met and (i) the distributor or reseller is unconditionally obligated to pay
for the products, including no contingency as to product resale, (ii) the distributor or reseller has independent economic substance
apart from the Company, (iii) the Company is not obligated for future performance to bring about product resale, and (iv) the amount
of future returns can be reasonably estimated. The Company s experience and history with its distributors and resellers allows
for reasonable estimates of future returns. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts    

The Company maintains
allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of customers to make required payments. The
Company analyzes accounts receivable and the composition of the accounts receivable aging, historical bad debts, customer creditworthiness,
current economic trends and changes in customer payment terms when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.
Actual results could differ from the allowances recorded, and this difference could have a material effect on the Company s
financial position and results of operations. Receivables are written off against these allowances in the period they are
determined to be uncollectible. 

For the fiscal years
ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, changes to and ending balances of the allowance for doubtful accounts were as follows:  

Sales Returns Reserve    

The Company maintains
reserves for potential future product returns from distributors. The Company estimates future product returns based on its experience
and history with the Company s various distributors and resellers as well as by monitoring inventory levels at such companies
as described above. Adjustments are recorded as increases or decreases in revenue in the period of adjustment. Actual returns have
historically been within the range estimated by management. Actual results could differ from the reserve for sales returns recorded,
and this difference could have a material effect on the Company s financial position and results of operations. The Company s
agreement with its sole distributor, Lifeboat, expired during the year ended September 30, 2015, and as a result, the Company determined
that a reserve for future returns was no longer necessary. 

For the fiscal years
ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, changes to and ending balances of the sales returns reserve were as follows:  

Software Development Costs   

The Company capitalizes
certain software development costs as well as purchased software upon achieving technological feasibility of the related products.
Costs that are incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense until technological
feasibility has been established for the product. Once technological feasibility is established, software development costs are
capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Such capitalized costs are amortized to cost of software
licenses straight-line over the estimated life of the product, generally nine to 18 months. The Company evaluates the realizability
of the assets and the related periods of amortization on a regular basis. Judgment is required in determining when technological
feasibility of a product is established as well as its economic life. During fiscal years 2016 and 2015, there were no significant
costs incurred during the period after technological feasibility was established and the time in which the product became available
for general release. During fiscal year 2014, the Company capitalized $0.3 million of software development costs. 

For the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2014, amounts related to capitalized and purchased software development costs were as follows:  

September 30,     

2014     

Capitalized and purchased software balance - beginning of year    
     $  350     
 
     Capitalized software development costs    
        250     
 
     Amortization of capitalized software development costs    
        (600  )  
 
     Capitalized and purchased software balance - end of year    
     $  -     

Cash and Cash Equivalents    

Cash and cash equivalents
include cash on hand, cash deposited with banks and highly liquid securities consisting of money market investments with original
maturities of 90 days or less. 

Concentration of Credit Risks and
Major Customers    

Financial instruments,
which potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, and accounts
receivable. The Company s cash is maintained with what management believes to be a high-credit quality financial institution.  At
times, deposits held at this bank may exceed the federally insured limits.  Management believes that the financial institutions
that hold the Company s deposits are financially sound and have minimal credit risk. Risks associated with cash and cash
equivalents are mitigated by the Company s investment policy, which limits the Company s investing of excess cash into
only money market mutual funds.  

The Company licenses
its products and services directly to end-users and indirectly to end-users through U.S. and non-U.S. distributors and other software
resellers, under customary credit terms. The Company s agreement with Lifeboat expired in early 2015 and, to manage the transition,
the Company has refocused part of its Inside Sales Team to manage and pursue the book of business previously handled by Lifeboat.
No customer constituted a significant portion (more than 10%) of revenues or accounts receivable for the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. Other than Lifeboat, no other customer constitutes a significant portion of revenues or accounts receivable
for the year ended September 30, 2014. Lifeboat, accounted for 15% of total revenue for the year ended September 30, 2014. The
Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral. 

Deferred Revenue    

Deferred revenue consisted
of the following at September 30:  

Deferred maintenance
revenue consists primarily of the unearned portion of customer support services provided by the Company to customers who purchased
maintenance agreements for the Company s products. Maintenance revenues are recognized on a straight-line basis over the
term of the maintenance period, generally 12 months. Deferred license revenue consists primarily of the unearned portion of revenue
from subscription sales and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the subscription period, generally 12 months. 

Other deferred revenue
consists of deferred professional services revenue generated from arrangements that are invoiced in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the arrangement but do not meet all the criteria for revenue recognition and are, therefore, deferred until all revenue
recognition criteria are met.  

Property and Equipment    

Property and equipment
consists of office equipment, furniture and fixtures, software and leasehold improvements, all of which are recorded at cost. Depreciation
and amortization are provided using the straight-line method over the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the related assets
or term of the related leases. Useful lives and lease terms range from three to seven years. Depreciation and amortization expense
related to property and equipment was $0.4. million, $0.3 million and $0.2 million, respectively, for the years ended September
30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.  

Long-Lived Assets     

Intangible assets
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not
be recoverable and an impairment loss is recognized when it is probable that the estimated cash flows are less than the carrying
amount of the asset. 

During fiscal 2015,
as a result of an interim impairment test of goodwill and long-lived assets (see Note 2), the Company recorded an impairment charge
of $4.9 million for the intellectual property acquired from Panopticon (now known as Datawatch AB) and $5.4 million for the customer
lists acquired from Panopticon. 

Long-Lived Assets: Acquired Intellectual
Property   

Acquired intellectual
property consists of software source code acquired through business combinations in prior years. The acquired intellectual property
assets are being amortized to cost of software licenses using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the asset, ranging
from five to seven and a half years. 

Acquired intellectual
property, net, were comprised of the following at September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Amortization expense
related to the acquired intellectual property assets for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, was $2.0 million, $2.2
million and $2.8 million, respectively. 

The future amortization
expense related to the acquired intellectual property is as follows (in thousands): 

Long-Lived Assets: Other Intangible
Assets     

Other intangible assets
consist of trade names, patents and customer lists acquired through business combinations in prior years. The values allocated
to these intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the related asset. 

Other intangible assets, net, were comprised
of the following at September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

There was no amortization
related to other intangible assets charged to cost of software licenses expense for fiscal 2016 and 2015. Amortization expense
related to other intangible assets charged to cost of software licenses totaled $0.6 million for fiscal 2014. Amortization expense
related to other intangible assets charged to sales and marketing totaled $0.2 million, $0.3 million and $0.6 million for fiscal
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Amortization expense related to other intangible assets charged to general and administrative
expense totaled $20,000 for fiscal 2016 and $48,000 for each of the fiscal years 2015 and 2014. There was no amortization related
to other intangible assets charged to interest expense for fiscal 2016 and 2015. Amortization expense related to other intangible
asset charged to interest expense totaled $0.1 million for fiscal 2014. 

The future amortization
expense related to amortizing other intangible assets is as follows (in thousands):  

Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Assets   

Goodwill represents
the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets of acquired businesses. Indefinite-lived intangibles
are intangible assets whose useful lives are indefinite in that their lives extend beyond the foreseeable horizon   that
is there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which they are expected to contribute to the cash flows of the reporting
entity. The Company accounts for these items in accordance with FASB s ASC 350  Intangibles   Goodwill and Other .
This requires that goodwill and intangible assets having indefinite lives are not amortized but instead are reviewed annually,
or more frequently as a result of an event or change in circumstances, for possible impairment with impaired assets written down
to fair value. Goodwill and assembled workforce are considered indefinite-lived intangibles. The Company conducts its annual impairment
test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. In 2016, the Company conducted
its annual goodwill impairment test on July 31, 2016, and concluded that no impairment was indicated. During fiscal year 2015,
the Company identified several events, that when combined, were determined to require an interim impairment test. As a result,
the Company recognized a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of $21.7 million for the impairment of goodwill in fiscal year 2015(see
Note 2). 

Fair Value Measurements   

The Company s
financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable. The estimated fair values
have been determined through information obtained from market sources and management estimates.  The estimated fair value
of certain financial instruments including cash equivalents, accounts receivable and account payable, approximate the carrying
value due to their short-term maturity. 

The fair value of
the Company s financial assets and liabilities are measured using inputs from the three levels of fair value hierarchy which
are as follows: 

Level
1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;  

Level
2   Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and 

Level
3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities.  

The Company classified
its cash equivalents, which primarily include money market mutual funds, of $18.8 million and $25.7 million as of September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

As of September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company s assets that are measured on a recurring basis include the following (in thousands): 

Non-financial assets 
such as goodwill and long-lived assets are also subject to non-recurring fair value measurements if they are deemed to be impaired.
The impairment models used for nonfinancial assets depend on the type of asset and are accounted for in accordance with FASB s
guidance on fair value measurement.  The fair value measurements for these non-financial assets were calculated using a discounted
cash flow approach, which includes unobservable inputs classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. See Note 2 for additional
discussion regarding the fair value methods used for these assets.  The amount and timing of future cash flows was based
on the Company s most recent operational forecasts.  The Company uses the assistance of an independent consulting firm
to develop valuation assumptions. See Note 2 for additional discussion regarding the impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets. 

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company s assets that are measured on a non-recurring basis include the following (in thousands): 

Income Taxes    

The provision for
income taxes is based on the earnings or losses reported in the consolidated financial statements. The Company recognizes deferred
tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s
financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial
statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the
differences are expected to reverse. The Company provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets if it is more likely
than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

The Company follows
the accounting guidance for uncertain tax positions. This guidance clarifies the accounting for income taxes by prescribing the
minimum threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. It also provides guidance
on derecognition, measurement, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition.

Net Loss Per Share    

Basic net loss per
common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  

The following table
details the derivation of weighted-average shares outstanding used in the calculation of basic and diluted net loss for each period
(in thousands, except share data):  

As the Company was
in a net loss position in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, all common stock equivalents in the respective periods were anti-dilutive.
As a result of being anti-dilutive, 384,312 shares, 259,424 shares and 11,059 shares for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015
and 2014, respectively, were excluded in the calculation above. 

Foreign Currency Translations and
Transactions   

The Company s
foreign subsidiaries functional currency is their local currency. As a result, assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are
translated into U.S. dollars at rates in effect at each balance sheet date. Revenues, expenses and cash flows are translated into
U.S. dollars at average rates prevailing during the respective period. The related translation adjustments are reported as a separate
component of shareholders  equity under the heading  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss.  Included in comprehensive
loss are the foreign currency translation adjustments. Foreign currency translation gains in fiscal year 2016 were $0.1 million
Foreign currency translation losses in fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were $0.4 million and $0.3 million, respectively. 

Gains and losses resulting
from transactions that are denominated in currencies other than the applicable unit s functional currency are included in
the operating results of the Company and were losses of $0.1 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014. 

Advertising and Promotional Materials    

Advertising and promotional
costs are expensed as incurred and amounted to $0.6 million, $0.1 million and $0.8 million in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. 

Share-Based Compensation    

The Company recognizes
the fair value of share-based awards over the requisite service period of the individual awards, which generally equals the vesting
period. All of the Company s share-based awards are accounted for as equity instruments and there have been no liability
awards granted. See additional share-based compensation disclosure in Note 7. 

Segment Information and Revenue by
Geographic Location   

The Company has determined
that it has only one reportable segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker, its Chief Executive Officer, does
not manage any part of the Company separately, and the allocation of resources and assessment of performance is based solely on
the Company s consolidated operations and operating results. See Note 10 for information about the Company s revenue
by geographic operations.  

Guarantees and Indemnifications    

The Company s
software products are sold under warranty against certain defects in material and workmanship for a period of 30 days from the
date of purchase. The Company has never incurred significant expense under its product or service warranties and does not expect
to do so in the future. As a result, the Company believes its exposure related to these warranty agreements is minimal. Accordingly,
there are no liabilities recorded for warranty claims as of September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

The Company enters
into indemnification agreements in the ordinary course of business. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company agrees to indemnify,
hold harmless, and to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, generally its customers,
in connection with any patent, copyright or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third party with respect to the
Company s products. The term of these indemnification agreements is generally perpetual. The maximum potential amount of
future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited. The Company has never
incurred costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. As a result, the Company believes
its exposure related to these agreements is minimal. Accordingly, the Company has no liabilities recorded for these potential obligations
as of September 30, 2016 or 2015.  

Certain of the Company s
agreements also provide for the performance of services at customer sites. These agreements may contain indemnification clauses,
whereby the Company will indemnify the customer from any and all damages, losses, judgments, costs and expenses for acts of its
employees or subcontractors resulting in bodily injury or property damage. The maximum potential amount of future payments the
Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, the Company has general and umbrella
insurance policies that would enable it to recover a portion of any amounts paid. The Company has never incurred costs to defend
lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. As a result, the Company believes its exposure related to
these agreements is minimal. Accordingly, the Company has no liabilities recorded for these potential obligations as of September
30, 2016 or 2015.  

As permitted under
Delaware law, the Company has agreements with its directors whereby the Company will indemnify them for certain events or occurrences
while the director is, or was, serving at the Company s request in such capacity. The term of the director indemnification
period is for the later of ten years after the date that the director ceases to serve in such capacity or the final termination
of proceedings against the director as outlined in the indemnification agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments
the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, the Company s director
and officer insurance policy limits the Company s exposure and would enable it to recover a portion of any future amounts
paid. As a result of its insurance policy coverage for directors, the Company believes its exposure related to these indemnification
agreements is minimal. The Company has no liabilities recorded for these potential obligations as of September 30, 2016 or 2015.  

Research and Development Costs    

Research and development
costs are expensed as incurred to the extent the costs do not meet the capitalization requirements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In
June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2016-13 , Financial Instruments   Credit Losses
(Topic 326):     
   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments,   
which requires entities to estimate all expected credit losses for certain types of financial instruments, including trade receivables,
held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The updated
guidance also expands the disclosure requirements to enable users of financial statements to understand the entity s assumptions,
models and methods for estimating expected credit losses. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2019, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of
evaluating the potential impacts of this new guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which is intended to simplify various
aspects of how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in financial statements. The standard is effective prospectively
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In February 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which requires lessees to recognize, on the balance sheet, leases with
a lease terms of greater than twelve months as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. The standard is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the standard will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In November 2015,
the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which requires that deferred tax liabilities
and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position to simplify the presentation of deferred
income taxes. The standard is effective prospectively for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. As of October 1, 2015, the Company elected to adopt early the pronouncement
on a prospective basis. Adoption of this amendment did not have an effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations,
and prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. 

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The ASU is the result of a joint project by the FASB
and the International Accounting Standards Board ( IASB ) to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to
develop a common revenue standard for GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ) that would: remove
inconsistencies and weaknesses, provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, improve comparability of revenue
recognition practices across entities, jurisdictions, industries, and capital markets, improve disclosure requirements and resulting
financial statements, and simplify the presentation of financial statements. The core principle of the new guidance is that an
entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU was initially effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. On July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to delay the effective date of
the new revenue standard by one year, but to permit entities to choose to adopt the standard as of the original effective date.
The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

The Company has considered
all other recently issued accounting pronouncements and does not believe the adoption of such pronouncements will have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 2.   IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

Goodwill represents
the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets of acquired businesses. Indefinite-lived intangibles
are intangible assets whose useful lives are indefinite in that their lives extend beyond the foreseeable horizon   that
is there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which they are expected to contribute to the cash flows of the reporting
entity. The Company accounts for these items in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 350  Intangibles
  Goodwill and Other , which requires that i mpairment testing
for goodwill is performed at least annually at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level
below an operating segment (also known as a component). The Company has determined that it is comprised of only one reporting unit.
The Company performs its annual impairment test as of July 31st. Goodwill is also tested for impairment between annual tests if
an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying
value.  Examples of these events or circumstances include: 

A significant adverse long term outlook;   

Unanticipated competition or the introduction of a disruptive technology;   

Failure of an anticipated product or product line;   

The testing for recoverability under the ASC 360-10  Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets 
of a significant asset group;   

A loss of key personnel; and   

An expectation that a significant portion of the Company will be sold or otherwise disposed of.   

The impairment test
for goodwill uses a two-step approach. Step one compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value including goodwill.
If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, there is a potential impairment and step two must be performed. Step two compares
the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill to its implied value (i.e., the fair value of the reporting unit less the fair
value of the unit's assets and liabilities, including identifiable intangible assets). If the carrying value of goodwill exceeds
its implied value, the excess is recorded as an impairment. 

There were no impairment
charges recognized during the fiscal year 2016. During the first quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company identified several events,
that when combined, were determined to require an interim impairment test. These events consisted of a material decrease in revenue
compared to prior year and compared to the prior quarter which resulted in a decision to pre-release earnings information; necessary
operational changes within the Sales Organization which drove a shift in our sales approach; and a sustained decrease in share
price. 

Under Step 1 of the
impairment test the Company determined fair value based on discounted cash flows using an income approach with the multi-period
excess earnings method which estimates the fair value of the asset by discounting the future projected excess earnings associated
with the asset to present value as of the valuation date. Based on the  analysis,
it was determined that the carrying value of the Company including goodwill exceeded the fair value, requiring the Company to perform
Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any.  

The Company then performed
Step 2 of the impairment test, noting fair value of the long-lived assets (other than goodwill), of $3.0 million, was less than
the carrying amount of those assets and, as a result, recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of $10.3 million during the
first fiscal quarter of 2015. The Company then determined the implied value of goodwill was $6.7 million, which was less than its
carrying value and, as a result, the Company recognized a non-cash, pre-tax charge of $21.7 million during the first fiscal quarter
of 2015. These impairment charges are included under the caption  Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets  in our
consolidated statements of operations. 

The valuation methods
utilized to value the long-lived assets and the goodwill discussed above are based on the amount and timing of expected future
cash flows and growth rates and include a determination of an appropriate discount rate. The cash flows utilized in the discounted
cash flow analyses were based on financial forecasts developed internally by management. Estimating future cash flows requires
significant judgment and projections may vary from the cash flows eventually realized. Determining the fair value using a discounted
cash flow method requires significant estimates and assumptions, including market conditions, discount rates, and long-term projections
of cash flows. The Company s estimates are based upon historical experience, current market trends, projected future volumes
and other information. The Company believes that the estimates and assumptions underlying the valuation methodology are reasonable;
however, different estimates and assumptions could result in a different estimate of fair value. In estimating future cash flows,
the Company relies on internally generated projections for a defined time period for revenue and operating profits, including capital
expenditures, changes in net working capital, and adjustments for non-cash items to arrive at the free cash flow available to invested
capital. Where applicable, a terminal value utilizing a constant growth rate of cash flows is used to calculate a terminal value
after the explicit projection period. The future projected cash flows for the discrete projection period and the terminal value
are discounted at a risk adjusted discount rate to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. 

The following table presents the changes
in the carrying amount of our goodwill (in thousands): 

NOTE 3. ACCRUED EXPENSES  

Accrued expenses consisted of the following at September 30,
2016 and 2015:  

NOTE 4.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Leases     

The Company leases
various facilities and equipment in the U.S. and overseas under non-cancelable operating leases which expire at various dates through
2022. The lease agreements generally provide for the payment of minimum annual rentals, pro-rata share of taxes and maintenance
expenses. Rental expense for all operating leases was $1.1 million for fiscal year 2016 and $1.0 million for both fiscal years
2015 and 2014. At September 30, 2016, deferred rent totaled $0.4 million, which is  included
under the caption   Other long-term liabilities   in
the Company s consolidated balance sheets, for the year ended September 30, 2016.  There was no deferred rent for the
year ended September 30, 2015. Certain of the Company's facility leases include options to renew.  

As of September 30,
2016, future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows (in thousands):  

Royalties   

Royalty expense included
in cost of software licenses was $0.7 million, $0.6 million and $0.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. Minimum royalty obligations were insignificant for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

Contingencies    

From time to time,
the Company is subject to claims and may be party to actions that arise in the normal course of business. The Company is not party
to any litigation that management believes will have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial condition
or results of operations. 

NOTE 5. RESTRUCTURING CHARGES  

During fiscal year
2015, the Company undertook restructuring efforts to (i) lower expenses by reducing the investment in legacy solutions and realigning
international operations, primarily impacting engineering and product development, and (ii) further reduce the workforce across
all functional areas of the Company in an effort to rebalance investments to match the go-to-market model. The restructuring efforts
began during the quarter ended December 31, 2014 and continued during the quarter ended March 31, 2015, when the remaining employees
impacted by the restructuring were notified. The Company recorded restructuring charges of $1.8 million during fiscal year 2015
including severance and related benefit costs related to workforce reductions. The Company completed all restructuring actions
associated with these plans during fiscal year 2015. The Company did not undertake any restructuring efforts during fiscal 2016. 

The following table
presents the changes in the accrual for restructuring charges, which is included under the caption  Accrued expenses 
in our consolidated balance sheets, as of September 30, 2015 (in thousands): 

The following table presents restructuring
charges included in our consolidated statements of operations, for the year ended September 30, 2015 (in thousands):  

NOTE 6.   INCOME
TAXES  

Loss from operations
before income taxes consists of the following for the years ended September 30:  

The (provision)
benefit for income taxes consisted of the following for the years ended September 30:  

At September 30, 2016,
the Company had U.S. federal tax loss carryforwards of $50.2 million, expiring at various dates through 2036, including $0.2 million
resulting from an acquisition during 2004 which are subject to additional annual limitations as a result of the changes in ownership,
and had $28.5 million in state tax loss carryforwards, which also expire at various dates through 2036. Included in the Federal
and state net operating loss carryforwards are $7.6 million of tax deductions from share based compensation, which will be recorded
as additional paid-in capital when realized. These loss carryforwards are available to reduce future federal, state and foreign
taxable income but are subject to review and possible adjustment by the appropriate taxing authorities. The loss carryforwards,
which may be utilized in any future period, may be subject to limitations based upon changes in the ownership of the Company s
stock. An alternative minimum tax credit of $7,000 is available to offset future regular federal taxes. Federal research and development
credits of $1.0 million expire beginning in 2021. State research and development credits of $0.1 million expire at various years
through 2030. In addition, the Company has the following net operating loss carryforwards: U.K. losses of $9.8 million with no
expiration date, Australia losses of $3.5 million with no expiration date, Germany losses of $2.2 million with no expiration date,
Singapore losses of $2.9 million with no expiration date, and Sweden losses of $10.6 million with no expiration date. 

The components of
the Company s net deferred tax assets are as follows at September 30:  

The valuation allowance
relates to the Company s U.S. and foreign net operating losses and other deferred tax assets and is recorded based upon the
uncertainty surrounding their realizability, as these assets can only be realized via profitable operations in the respective tax
jurisdictions. The Company records a deferred tax asset or liability based on the difference between the financial statement and
tax basis of assets and liabilities, as measured by enacted tax rates assumed to be in effect when these differences reverse. In
evaluating the Company s ability to recover its deferred tax assets, the Company considers all available positive and negative
evidence including its past operating results, the existence of cumulative income in the most recent fiscal years, changes in the
business in which the Company operates and its forecast of future taxable income. In determining future taxable income, the Company
is responsible for assumptions utilized including the amount of federal, state and international pre-tax operating income, the
reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. 

During the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2016, the Company reassessed its valuation allowance assertion with regards to Datawatch AB, the Company s
subsidiary located in Sweden. The Company analyzed forecasted profits, carryback potential, tax planning strategies, and the reversal
of existing taxable temporary differences of the same type in the same period.  Factors the Company considered were as follows: 

History of net operating losses in Sweden;    

The Company s revised forecast indicates
that its Sweden subsidiary will not achieve profitability with certainty in the foreseeable future;    

Net operating losses have no expiration
period;    

The Swedish subsidiary has no carryback
potential;    

The Swedish subsidiary has no tax planning
strategies available to recognize its deferred tax assets; and    

Reversal temporary differences in Sweden
will not allow the Swedish subsidiary to utilize its existing deferred tax assets.    

Although the Swedish
subsidiary has no expiration on its net operating loss carryovers, the negative evidence noted above outweighs this positive evidence.
Accordingly, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets in Sweden during the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2016. 

The assumptions underlying
the valuation allowance require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans
and estimates that the Company is using to manage the underlying business. The Company had tax losses in each of the fiscal years
2016, 2015 and 2014. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2016, the Company determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred
tax assets will not be realized in all of its jurisdictions and a full valuation allowance has been recorded in the U.S., U.K.,
Australia, Germany, Singapore, and Sweden. 

The following table
reconciles the Company s tax (provision)
benefit based on its effective tax rate to its tax (provision)
benefit based on the federal statutory
rate of 34% for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in thousands): 

Provision
for Uncertain Tax Positions   

The Company applies
the accounting requirements for uncertain tax positions which provide a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. In accordance
with these requirements, the Company first determines whether a tax authority would  more likely than not  sustain
its tax position if it were to audit the position with full knowledge of all the relevant facts and other information. For those
tax positions that meet this threshold, the Company measures the amount of tax benefit based on the largest amount of tax benefit
that the Company has a greater than 50 percent chance of realizing in a final settlement with the relevant authority. Those tax
positions failing to qualify for initial recognition are recognized in the first interim period in which they meet the more likely
than not standard, or are resolved through negotiation or litigation with the taxing authority, or upon expiration of the statute
of limitations. 

At September 30, 2015,
the Company had a cumulative tax liability of $0.3 million related to federal, state, and foreign tax exposure that could result
in cash payments. The Company decreased the tax liability by $0.1 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. The
decrease related to the statute of limitations expiring on U.S. and foreign uncertain tax positions. The Company does not expect
its tax liability to change significantly during the next twelve months. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and
penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense in its consolidated statements of operations.
The Company has not accrued interest or penalties associated with this liability for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company s
unrecognized tax benefits (before consideration of any valuation allowance) represent differences between tax positions taken by
the Company in its various consolidated and separate worldwide tax returns and the benefits recognized and measured for uncertain
tax positions. This amount also represents the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect
the effective income tax rate in any future periods. The change in the unrecognized tax benefits during the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016 was as follows (in thousands): 

In the normal course
of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world, including such jurisdictions as
the United Kingdom, Germany, Singapore, Australia and the United States, and as a result, files numerous consolidated and separate
income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The fiscal years ended September
30, 2013 through September 30, 2015 are generally still open to examination in the jurisdictions listed above. The Company was
under audit by the Internal Revenue Service for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011. The audit was completed during the fourth
quarter ended September 30,2014 and resulted in the reduction of $0.5 million related to research credits, AMT credits, and NOL
carryforwards which had a full valuation. The Company did not have to make any cash payments as a result of this audit. 

NOTE 7.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION   

The Company provides
its employees, officers, consultants and directors with stock options, restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and other stock
rights for common stock of the Company on a discretionary basis. All option and RSU grants are subject to the terms and conditions
determined by the Compensation and Stock Committee of the Board of Directors (the  Committee ), and generally vest
over a three-year period and expire either seven or ten years from the date of grant. All awards granted during the year ended
September 30, 2016 were granted under the Company s Second Amended and Restated Equity Compensation and Incentive Plan (the
 2011 Plan ). At September 30, 2016, a total of 2,275,392 shares were authorized for issuance under the 2011 Plan and
176,904 shares remained available for future issuance thereunder. 

On January 20, 2006,
the Company established the Datawatch Corporation 2006 Equity Compensation and Incentive Plan (the  2006 Plan ) which
provides for the granting of both incentive stock options and non-qualified options, the award of Company common stock and opportunities
to make direct purchases of Company common stock, as determined by the Committee. Options pursuant to this plan were available
to be granted through April 26, 2011 and vest as specified by the Committee.   

On April 26, 2011,
the Company established the 2011 Plan which provides for the granting of both incentive stock options and non-qualified options,
the award of restricted stock, RSUs, and any other equity-based interests (collectively,  Stock Rights ), as determined
by the Committee. Options pursuant to this plan may be granted through April 25, 2021 and shall vest as specified by the committee.

Under the 2006 Plan and 2011 Plan,
stock options are granted at exercise prices not less than the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of
grant. All of the Company s share-based awards are accounted for as equity instruments and there have been no liability
awards granted. Share-based compensation expense for share-based payment awards, issued to employees and directors, is measured
based on the grant-date fair value of the award and recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite period of the award.
Share-based compensation expense for share-based payment awards, issued to non-employees, is revalued each fiscal quarter based
on the current fair value of the award and recognized on over the requisite period of the award. 

The following table
presents share-based compensation expenses included in our audited consolidated statements of operations (in thousands): 

Stock Options   

The Company estimates
the fair value of each share-based award (except RSUs, which are discussed below) using the Black-Scholes option valuation model.
The Black-Scholes option valuation model incorporates assumptions as to stock price volatility, the expected life of options, a
risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. No options were granted by the Company in the fiscal years 2016 and 2015. The total
intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $15,000, $0.1 million and $0.7
million, respectively. Total cash received from option exercises during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $0.1
million, $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively. There was no tax benefit realized from stock option exercised during the
years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The tax benefit realized from stock options exercised during the fiscal year 2014 was
$24,000. As of September 30, 2016, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option arrangements. Many
of the assumptions used in the determination of share-based compensation expense are judgmental and highly volatile. 

The expected option
life is based on historical trends and data. With regard to the expected option life assumption, the Company considers the exercise
behavior of past grants and models the pattern of aggregate exercises. Patterns are determined on specific criteria of the aggregate
pool of optionees including the reaction to vesting, realizable value and short-time-to-maturity effect. The Company determined
the volatility for options granted using the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The risk-free interest
rate is based on a treasury instrument whose term is consistent with the expected life of the stock options. Dividend yield of
zero is based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and has no present intention to pay cash dividends. Based
on the Company s historical voluntary turnover rates, an annualized estimated forfeiture rate of 10% has been used in calculating
the estimated cost. Additional expense will be recorded if the actual forfeiture rate is lower than estimated, and a recovery of
prior expense will be recorded if the actual forfeiture rate is higher than estimated.   

The following table
is a summary of combined stock option activity under the 2006 Plan and the 2011 Plan:    

The following table
presents weighted-average price and life information regarding options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2016: 

Restricted Stock Units   

The Company periodically
grants awards of restricted stock units to its non-employee directors employees on a discretionary basis pursuant to its stock
compensation plans. Each RSU entitles the holder to receive, at the end of each vesting period, a specified number of shares of
the Company s common stock. The total number of RSUs unvested at September 30, 2016 was 609,565. Most RSUs vest at the rate
of 33.33% on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date. 

The fair value related
to the RSUs was calculated based primarily on the closing stock price of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant
and is being amortized evenly on a pro-rata basis over the vesting period to sales and marketing, engineering and product development,
professional services and general and administrative expense. The fair values of the RSUs granted in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and
2014 were $2.7 million (or $5.36 weighted-average fair value per share), $2.0 million (or $7.59 weighted-average fair value per
share) and $6.0 million (or $19.98 weighted-average fair value per share), respectively. The Company recorded compensation expense
related to RSUs of $2.7 million, $4.5 million and $8.2 million during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
These amounts are included in the total share-based compensation expense disclosed above. As of September 30, 2016, there was $3.0
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 1.91 years. 

The following table
presents nonvested RSU information for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 

Note 8. RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN   

The Company has a
401(k) retirement savings plan covering substantially all of the Company s full-time U.S. employees. Under the provisions
of the plan, employees may contribute a portion of their compensation, subject to certain limitations. The Company, at the discretion
of the Board of Directors, may make contributions on behalf of its employees under this plan. Such contributions, if any, become
fully vested after five years of continuous service. The Company did not make any contributions to the 401(k) retirement savings
plan in fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.  

Note 9. ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK   

On February 19, 2014,
the Company completed a public offering of 2,018,250 shares of common stock at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The number
of shares the Company sold included the underwriters  full exercise of their over-allotment option of 263,250 shares. Net
proceeds to the Company from the offering, after underwriting discounts and expenses, were $53.6 million. 

Note 10. SEGMENT INFORMATION AND REVENUE
BY GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION  

The Company has determined
that it has only one reportable segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker, its Chief Executive Officer, does
not manage any part of the Company separately, and the allocation of resources and assessment of performance is based solely on
the Company s consolidated operations and operating results. 

The Company conducts
operations in the U.S. and internationally. The following table presents information about the Company s geographic operations
(in thousands): 

Note 11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company has evaluated
all events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date and through the date that the consolidated financial statements
were available to be issued noting none that require recognition or disclosure. 

Note 12. QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED)  

Supplementary Information:    

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE    

Not Applicable.  

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

(a)      Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

The Company evaluated
the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. the principal
executive officer and principal financial officer participated in this evaluation. Based upon that evaluation, the principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the
period covered by this report. 

(b)   
       Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system was
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and
directors, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the 2013  Internal
Control Integrated Framework.  Based on our assessment, management concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our internal
control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 

(c)      Changes in Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting   

As a result of the
evaluation completed by management, and in which the principal executive officer and principal financial officer participated,
we have concluded that there were no changes during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 in our internal control over financial
reporting, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION   

None. 

PART III  

Item 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT   

The information set
forth under the captions  Election of Directors  and  Information Concerning Executive Officers  appearing
in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30,
2016 is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   

The information set
forth under the captions  Compensation of Directors  and  Executive Compensation  appearing in the Company s
definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   

The information set
forth under the caption  Equity Incentive Plan Information  in Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and under
the caption  Principal Holders of Voting Securities  appearing in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for
the Annual Meeting of Shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   

The information set
forth under the caption  Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions  appearing in the Company s definitive
Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES   

The information set
forth under the caption  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms and Fees  appearing in the Company s
definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 is incorporated
herein by reference. 

PART IV  

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K   

The following documents are filed as part
of this report: 

(a)   
       1. Consolidated Financial Statements    

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations
for the Years Ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Loss for the Years Ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders 
Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

2. Financial Statement
Schedules   

All schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or is included in the
                                                                           financial statements or related notes. 

3. List of Exhibits  

*    Indicates a management contract
or compensatory plan or contract.  

Note:  The number given in parenthesis next to each item listed above indicates the corresponding exhibit in each filing listed below.   
 
      (1)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registration Statement 33-46290 on Form S-1 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (2)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 2, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (3)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (4)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (5)  
       
      Previously filed as Appendix A to Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement dated January 30, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (6)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (7)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 2, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (8)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 10, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (9)  
       
      Previously filed as Appendix A to Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A dated January 28, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (10)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (11)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 28, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (12)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference.   

(13)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 25, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (14)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 25, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference.   
 
      (15)  
       
      Filed herewith.   
 
      (16)  
       
      Previously filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 22, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.   

(b) Exhibits  

The Company hereby
files as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K those exhibits listed in Item 15(a)3 above. 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules  

Not applicable. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Datawatch Corporation   

Date:   November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Michael A. Morrison   

Michael A. Morrison   

President, Chief Executive Officer  
 and Director   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE   
       
       TITLE   
       
       DATE    

/s/ Michael A. Morrison  
       
      Principal Executive Officer and Director  
       
      November 10, 2016   
 
      Michael A. Morrison  

/s/ James L. Eliason  
       
      Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer  
       
      November 10, 2016   
 
      James L. Eliason  

/s/ Richard de J. Osborne  
       
      Chairman of the Board  
       
      November 10, 2016   
 
      Richard de J. Osborne  

/s/ David C. Mahoney  
       
      Vice Chairman of the Board  
       
      November 10, 2016   
 
      David C. Mahoney  

/s/ Christopher T. Cox  
       
      Director  
       
      November 10, 2016   
 
      Christopher T. Cox  

/s/ Thomas H. Kelly  
       
      Director  
       
      November 10, 2016   
 
      Thomas H. Kelly  

/s/ Joan McArdle  
       
      Director  
       
      November 10, 2016   
 
      Joan McArdle  

/s/ Randy Seidl  
       
      Director  
       
      November 10, 2016   
 
      Randy Seidl  

/s/ Charles Gillman  
       
      Director  
       
      November 10, 2016   
 
      Charles Gillman  

/s/ Donald Friedman  
       
      Director  
       
      November 10, 2016   
 
      Donald Friedman  

<EX-10.20>
 2
 v451019_ex10-20.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.20

Exhibit
10.20  

EXECUTION COPY  

XCHANGE AT BEDFORD 

LEASE 

between 

DIV BEDFORD, LLC , as Landlord 

and 

DATAWATCH CORPORATION , as Tenant 

4 Crosby Drive 

Bedford, Massachusetts 

As of June 23, 2015 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

List of Exhibits   

LEASE   

This Lease is made
and entered into as of June 23, 2015 by and between DIV BEDFORD, LLC ,  a Massachusetts limited liability company with its
principal place of business at c/o The Davis Companies, 125 High Street, 21 st  Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02110 (the
  Landlord  ) and DATAWATCH CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 271 Mill
Road Chelmsford, MA 01824 (the   Tenant  ). 

ARTICLE 1          GRANT  

1.1             Premises  .
Landlord, for and in consideration of the rents herein reserved and of the covenants and agreements herein contained on the part
of Tenant to be performed, hereby leases to Tenant and Tenant accepts from Landlord, certain space shown on  Exhibit 1.1-1 
attached hereto and made a part hereof, containing approximately 20,360 rentable square feet in area on the second floor (the   Premises  )
of the office building known as 4 Crosby Drive, Bedford, Massachusetts (the   Building  ). The Premises, Building,
the   Common Areas   (defined below) and the land upon which the same are located, which is legally described
in  Exhibit 1.1-2  (the   Land  ), together with all other buildings and improvements thereon and thereunder
are collectively referred to as the   Property .  The Property is also known as Xchange at Bedford and currently
has an address of 4-18 Crosby Drive. The parties agree that the rentable square footage of the Premises set forth above is conclusive
and binding, subject to adjustment only in connection with the expansion of the Premises or as otherwise set forth herein. 

1.2             Common
Areas  . Landlord hereby grants to Tenant during the term of this Lease, a license to use, in common with the others entitled
to such use, the Common Areas as they from time to time exist, subject to the rights, powers and privileges herein reserved to
Landlord. The term  Common Areas  as used herein will include all areas and facilities outside the Premises that are
provided and designated by Landlord for general non-exclusive use and convenience of Tenant and other tenants at the Property.
Common Areas include but are not limited to the fitness center, cafeteria, hallways, lobbies, stairways, elevators, pedestrian
sidewalks, landscaped areas, loading areas, roadways, parking areas, rights of way, walking and jogging paths, if any. Landlord
may designate certain Common Areas for the exclusive use of one or more buildings located on the Property. 

1.3             Parking  .
During the term of this Lease, Tenant shall be entitled to use at no additional charge (other than to the extent included in Operating
Expenses and Taxes) the parking facilities at the Property shown on  Exhibit 1.3  attached hereto (the   Parking Plan  )
in common with other Building tenants (but in any event Tenant s use shall not exceed the ratio of 3.0 spaces per 1,000 rentable
square feet of the Premises) on an unreserved, first-come, first-serve basis. Tenant agrees not to overburden the parking facilities
and agrees to cooperate with Landlord and other tenants in the use of parking facilities. Landlord may designate parking facilities
at the Property for the handicapped, visitors to the Property, and for exclusive use by other tenants. Landlord may install signage
or implement a pass or sticker system to control parking use, and may employ valet parking (including by use of off-site premises)
to meet the requirements of this Section. Noted on the Parking Plan are parking spaces currently reserved for the exclusive use
of iRobot Corporation, which Landlord represents to Tenant are the only reserved tenant parking spaces in the immediate vicinity
of the Building as of the date hereof. In the event that Landlord elects, subsequent to the execution of this Lease, to reserve
additional parking spaces in the immediate vicinity of the Building for use by individual tenants, Landlord shall reserve at least
four (4) spaces in front of the Building for unreserved visitor parking to the Building. To the extent applicable to Tenant s
use of the parking spaces, the provisions of this Lease shall apply, and Landlord may promulgate rules and regulations of general
applicability from time to time with respect to such use. 

ARTICLE 2          TERM  

2.1             Lease
Term  . 

2.1.1            Commencement
Date; Term . The Premises are leased for a term (the   Term  ) to commence on the   Commencement Date  
(as such term is defined in  Section 3.1  hereof) and shall end on the date (the   Expiration Date  ) that
is the last day of the 84th month following the date that Substantial Completion of the Finish Work occurs (as such terms are defined
in the Work Letter attached as  Exhibit 3.1 ) unless sooner terminated as herein provided. 

1   

2.1.2            Lease
Year Defined . The first   Lease Year   shall begin on the Commencement Date and shall end on the last day of
the twelfth (12th) full calendar month following the Commencement Date. Each Lease Year thereafter shall consist of twelve (12)
consecutive calendar months following the end of the immediately preceding Lease Year. 

2.2             Holding
Over  . In the event that Tenant retains occupancy of the Premises, or any part thereof, after the end of the Term, Tenant s
occupancy of the Premises shall be as a tenant at will terminable at any time by Landlord. Tenant shall pay Landlord rent for such
time as Tenant remains in possession of the Premises at the rate equal to the higher of (a) two hundred percent (200%) of the Base
Rent payable during the last month of the Lease Term, or (b) one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the then market-rate for
the Premises, plus all Additional Rent and other sums due under this Lease. In addition, if Tenant s holdover continues for
more than thirty (30) days, Tenant shall pay Landlord for all damages sustained by reason of Tenant s retention of possession
of the Premises after the end of the Term. The provisions hereof do not limit or restrict Landlord s rights or remedies under
this Lease in the event of any holding over by Tenant. 

ARTICLE 3          COMPLETION
AND OCCUPANCY OF THE PREMISES  

3.1             Condition
of the Premises; Finish Work  . Landlord shall construct the Finish Work in accordance with  Exhibit 3.1 , attached
hereto and made a part hereof (the   Work Letter  ). The term of this Lease and the obligations of the parties
hereto shall commence on a date (hereinafter referred to as the   Commencement Date  ) which shall be the sooner
of (a) the date Tenant commences operation of its business in all or any portion of the Premises, or (b) the later of (i) the date
that the Finish Work has been  Substantially Completed  (as defined in the Work Letter) and Landlord has delivered
the Premises to Tenant (A) in compliance with all applicable governmental requirements (without regard for Tenant s particular
use of the Premises, the installation of Tenant s FF E (as defined in the Work Letter) and any alterations that Tenant
may elect to make to the Premises), (B) with all base building systems serving the Premises in good working order and condition,
(C) broom clean, free of all debris and personal property, and (D) free of all tenants and occupants, or (ii) November 1, 2015.
Tenant acknowledges that, except as expressly set forth in this Lease, neither Landlord nor any agent of Landlord has made any
representation or warranty with respect to the condition of the Premises, the Building or the Property, or with respect to the
suitability of the Premises, the Building or the Property for the conduct of Tenant s business. Tenant acknowledges that
(a) it is fully familiar with the condition of the Premises and agrees to take the same in its condition  as is  as
of the Commencement Date and (b) Landlord shall have no obligation to alter, repair or otherwise prepare the Premises for Tenant s
occupancy or to pay for or construct any improvements to the Premises, except in accordance with the Work Letter. Tenant s
taking of possession of the Premises shall conclusively establish that the Premises, the Building and the Property were at such
time in good, sanitary and satisfactory condition and repair. 

3.2             Confirmatory
Amendments  . When the Commencement Date and Expiration Date hereof have been determined in accordance with the provisions
set forth in this Lease, the parties hereto shall execute a document in recordable form, setting forth said dates and said document
shall be deemed a supplement to and part of this Lease. The parties hereto agree to execute such confirmatory document not later
than fifteen (15) days following the Commencement Date. 

ARTICLE 4          RENT
AND SECURITY  

4.1             Base
Rent  . 

4.1.1            Schedule
of Monthly Rent Payments . Beginning with the Commencement Date and continuing throughout the Term, Tenant shall pay to or upon
the order of Landlord an annual rental (the   Base Rent  ) as set forth below which shall be payable in consecutive
monthly installments on or before the first day of each calendar month in advance in the monthly amount set forth below: 

2   

*Provided no uncured
Event of Default then exists under this Lease, Base Rent shall be abated during the first nine and one-half (9.5) months of Lease
Year 1 (the   Abatement Period  ); provided, however, that during the Abatement Period, Tenant shall remain responsible
for payment of cleaning services and electricity provided to the Premises in accordance with the terms of this Lease. 

4.1.2            Manner
of Payment . All payments of rent shall be made without demand, deduction, counterclaim, set-off, discount or abatement (except
as otherwise expressly set forth in this Lease) in lawful money of the United States of America. If the Commencement Date should
occur on a day other than the first day of a calendar month, or the Expiration Date should occur on a day other than the last day
of a calendar month, then the monthly installment of Base Rent for such fractional month shall be prorated upon a daily basis based
upon a thirty (30)-day month. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant shall cause payment of the first
installment of rent to be paid to Landlord to be concurrent with the execution of this Lease. 

4.2             Additional
Rent  . Tenant shall pay to Landlord all charges and other amounts required under this Lease and the same shall constitute
additional rent hereunder (herein called   Additional Rent  ), including, without limitation, any sums due resulting
from the provisions of  Article 5  hereof. All such amounts and charges shall be payable to Landlord in accordance with  Section
4.3  hereof. Landlord shall have the same remedies for a default in the payment of Additional Rent as for a default in the payment
of Base Rent. The term   Rent   as used in this Lease shall mean the Base Rent and the Additional Rent. 

4.3             Place
of Payment  . The Base Rent and all other sums payable to Landlord under this Lease shall be paid to Landlord at c/o The
Davis Companies, 125 High Street, 21 st  Floor, Boston, MA 02110, or at such other place as Landlord shall designate in
writing to Tenant from time to time. 

4.4             Terms
of Payment  . Tenant shall pay to Landlord all Base Rent as provided in  Section 4.1  above and Tenant shall pay all
Additional Rent payable under  Article 5  and  Article 6  on the terms provided therein. Except as provided in the immediately
preceding sentence and as may otherwise be expressly provided by the terms of this Lease, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, within
ten (10) days after delivery by Landlord to Tenant of bills or statements therefor: (a) sums equal to all expenditures made and
monetary obligations incurred by Landlord in accordance with the terms of this Lease for Tenant's account; and (b) all other sums
of money accruing from Tenant to Landlord in accordance with the terms of this Lease. 

4.5             Late
Charges  . If Tenant shall fail to pay any Rent within five (5) days after the date same is due and payable or if any check
received by Landlord from Tenant shall be dishonored, Tenant agrees that Landlord s actual damages resulting therefrom are
difficult to fix or ascertain. As a result, Tenant shall pay to Landlord (a) an administrative fee equal to five percent (5%) per
month on the amount due, and (b) interest on the amount due from its due date until paid at the lesser of eighteen percent (18%)
per annum or the maximum legal rate that Landlord may charge Tenant. Such charges shall be paid to Landlord together with such
unpaid amounts as an administrative fee to compensate Landlord for administrative expenses and its cost of funds. 

4.6             Security
Deposit  . 

4.6.1       Letter
of Credit Amount . Upon execution of this Lease, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a security deposit (the   Security
Deposit  ) in the form of a   Letter of Credit   (as defined below) in the amount of $232,443.34 for the
faithful performance of all terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease. 

3   

4.6.2.    Letter
of Credit Requirements . Each letter of credit provided to Landlord hereunder as the Security Deposit shall be in the form of
an unconditional, irrevocable, standby letter of credit which shall be in full force and effect for the periods required hereby,
and shall meet all of the following conditions (a   Letter of Credit  ) : 

(a)           it
shall be issued for the benefit of Landlord by an   Eligible Bank   (defined below) approved by Landlord; 

(b)           it
shall be effective on the date of this Lease and have a term of not less than one (1) year following its date of issuance and contain
automatic year-to-year renewal provisions subject to the Letter of Credit issuer's obligation to notify Landlord in writing by
certified or registered mail of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Letter of Credit; 

(c)           the
expiration date of the Letter of Credit for the final Lease Year of the Term shall be at least ninety-five (95) days following
the Expiration Date of the Lease; 

(d)           it
shall provide for the amount thereof as set forth in  Subsection 4.6.1  to be available to the Landlord in multiple drawings
conditioned only upon presentation of a sight draft; 

(e)           it
shall be assignable by Landlord to its successors, assigns and mortgagees and by any successive beneficiaries thereof at no cost
to transferor or transferee (Tenant agreeing to pay such charges in connection with any transfer of the Letter of Credit), and
shall expressly permit multiple assignments; and 

(f)           it
shall be in such form as shall be acceptable to Landlord in its reasonable discretion. 

An   Eligible
Bank   shall mean a commercial or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the
District of Columbia and having total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000.00 which shall be a financial institution having a rating
of not less than BBB or its equivalent by Standard and Poors Corporation and subject to a Thompson Watch Rating of C or better.
Landlord hereby acknowledges that Silicon Valley Bank is an Eligible Bank as of the date hereof. Tenant, at its expense, shall
cause the issuing bank to provide Landlord's mortgage lender with a written acknowledgment which evidences its consent to Landlord's
collateral assignment of the proceeds of the Letter of Credit and acknowledgment of the security interest of such mortgage lender
therein within ten (10) business days following the request of Landlord or Landlord's mortgagee therefor. 

Provided that
(a) upon the Reduction Date (as hereinafter defined) Tenant is not then nor has Tenant been in monetary default of the Lease during
the preceding twelve (12) month period, and (b) Tenant provides Landlord with at least thirty (30) days  advance written
notice, which notice (  Reduction Notice  ) shall include (i) an original replacement Letter of Credit (or an
amendment or endorsement of the original Letter of Credit) complying with the terms hereof, then commencing on the date that is
thirty (30) days following receipt by Landlord of the Reduction Notice from Tenant, which date may not be prior to the 105th day
of the fourth (4th) Lease Year (the   Reduction Date  ), Landlord shall on the Reduction Date exchange the initial
Letter of Credit for the replacement Letter of Credit provided by Tenant or accept the amendment to the Letter of Credit in either
case pursuant to which the amount of the Letter of Credit is reduced to the amount of $116,221.67. 

4   

4.6.3        Substitute
Letter of Credit . Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a substitute Letter of Credit that satisfies the requirements for a Letter
of Credit stated in this  Subsection 4.6.2  for the applicable period not later than ten (10) days following delivery of a
non-renewal notice by the Letter of Credit issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit issued to Landlord or 45 days prior to the
scheduled expiration of the Letter of Credit, whichever first occurs (such date, the   Re-Delivery Deadline  ).
If Tenant fails to deliver the substitute Letter of Credit within such 10-day period, Landlord shall have the right to draw the
Letter of Credit and receive the proceeds as a cash Security Deposit. Tenant agrees that notwithstanding any provision of this
Lease to the contrary, its failure to furnish Landlord with the required Security Deposit in the form of a substitute Letter of
Credit in compliance with the requirements for the initial Letter of Credit prior to the Re-Delivery Deadline shall not be subject
to any rights of notice or cure under this Lease. 

4.6.4        Landlord's
Rights Upon Default . Upon the occurrence of any of the Events of Default described in  Article 13  hereof, in addition
to any other rights or remedies available to Landlord under this Lease, Landlord shall have the right to present the Letter of
Credit for payment by the issuing bank and the proceeds thereof shall be due and payable to Landlord in accordance with the terms
hereof and the Letter of Credit. Tenant agrees that Landlord may, without waiving any of Landlord's other rights and remedies under
this Lease upon the occurrence of any of the Events of Default, apply the Security Deposit to remedy any failure by Tenant to perform
any of the terms, covenants or conditions to be performed by Tenant under this Lease and to compensate Landlord for any damages
incurred as a result of any such default, including payment of Landlord's expenses to construct the Finish Work and pay leasing
brokerage commissions with respect to this Lease. If Landlord uses any portion of the Security Deposit to cure any Event of Default
by Tenant hereunder, Tenant shall forthwith replenish the Security Deposit to the original amount within ten (10) days following
written notice from Landlord in the manner directed by Landlord in such notice (which may be in the form of a new or amended Letter
of Credit, or in the form of a cash payment). If Tenant fails to restore the full amount of the Security Deposit within such 10-day
period, then the amount of such deficiency shall be subject to the charges described in  Section 4.5 . During any period that
Landlord is holding the Security Deposit in the form of cash, Landlord shall not be required to keep the Security Deposit separate
from its general funds, and Tenant shall not be entitled to interest on any such deposit. 

4.6.5        Sale
of Building . In the event of a sale or other transfer of the Building (or Landlord's interest therein), Landlord shall have
the right to transfer the balance of the Security Deposit to the new owner or to transferee. Upon any such transfer and receipt
the successor landlord that it has received the Security Deposit and assumes all of Landlord's obligations under this Lease, Landlord
shall thereupon be released by Tenant from all liability for the return of the Security Deposit; and Tenant agrees to look to the
new landlord for the return of such Security Deposit. If Tenant is not in default hereunder at the end of the Term, Landlord will,
within ninety-five (95) days after the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease, return the Security Deposit, or so much
as has not been applied by Landlord, to Tenant or the last permitted assignee of Tenant's interest hereunder at the expiration
of the Term. 

4.7             Independence
of Covenants  . Landlord s and Tenant s covenants herein are independent and, without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, Tenant acknowledges that its covenant to pay Rent hereunder is independent of Landlord s obligations hereunder,
and that in the event that Tenant shall have a claim against Landlord, Tenant shall not have the right to deduct the amount allegedly
owed to Tenant from any Rent due hereunder, it being understood that Tenant s sole remedy for recovering upon such claim
shall be to bring an independent legal action against Landlord. As such, Tenant s obligation so to pay Rent under the Lease
shall be absolute, unconditional, and independent and shall not be discharged or otherwise affected by any law or regulation now
or hereafter applicable to the Premises, or any other restriction on Tenant s use, or, except as expressly provided in the
Lease, any casualty or taking, or any failure by Landlord to perform or other occurrence; and Tenant waives all rights now or hereafter
existing to terminate, quit or surrender this Lease or the Premises or any part thereof, or to assert any defense in the nature
of constructive eviction to any action seeking to recover Rent. 

5   

ARTICLE 5          ADDITIONAL
RENT FOR ESCALATIONS IN REAL ESTATE TAXES AND OPERATING EXPENSES  

5.1            Definitions  .
Base Rent does not anticipate any increase in the amount of taxes on the Property, or in the cost of the operation and maintenance
thereof. In order that the Rent payable hereunder shall reflect any such increases, Tenant agrees to pay as Additional Rent, an
amount calculated as hereinafter set forth. For purposes of this  Article 5 , the following definitions shall apply: 

Tax Year    :
The fiscal year of the Town of Bedford (July 1   June 30) or other applicable governmental authority for real estate tax
purposes or such other twelve (12)-month period as may be duly adopted in place thereof. 

Base Tax
Year    : The Town of Bedford s tax fiscal year of July 1, 2015 through June 30, 2016. 

Base Taxes    :
The amount of Taxes assessed with respect to the Property for each Tax Year (or portion thereof) which occurs during the Base Tax
Year, giving full effect to any revaluation. 

Tax Increases    :
Attributable to a Tax Year, shall mean the excess, if any, of the Taxes paid or incurred during such Tax Year over the Base Taxes. 

Taxes    :
All taxes, assessments and charges of every kind and nature levied, assessed or imposed at any time by any governmental authority
upon or against the Property or any improvements, fixtures and equipment of Landlord used in the operation thereof whether such
taxes and assessments are general or special, ordinary or extraordinary, foreseen or unforeseen in respect of each Tax Year falling
wholly or partially within the Term. Taxes shall include, without limitation, all general real property taxes and general and special
assessments (provided that, with respect to any special assessments or betterments that may be paid in installments, Taxes for
such Tax Year shall include only the amount of the installment plus any interest due and payable during such Tax Year), charges,
fees or assessments for all governmental services or purported benefits to the Property, service payments in lieu of taxes, all
business privilege taxes, and any tax, fee or excise on the act of entering into this Lease or any other lease of space in the
Property, or on the use or occupancy of the Property or any part thereof, or on the rent payable under any lease or in connection
with the business of renting space under any lease or in connection with the business of renting space in the Property, that are
now or hereafter levied or assessed against Landlord by the United States of America, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, or any
political subdivision, public corporation, district or other political or public entity, including legal fees, experts' and other
witnesses' fees, costs and disbursements incurred in connection with proceedings to contest, determine or reduce Taxes. Taxes shall
also include any other tax, fee or other excise, however described, that may be levied or assessed as a substitute for, or as an
addition to, in whole or in part, any other Taxes (including, without limitation, any municipal income tax) and any license fees,
tax measured or imposed upon rents, or other tax or charge upon Landlord's business of leasing the Property, whether or not now
customary or in the contemplation of the parties on the date of this Lease. Taxes shall not include: (a) franchise, transfer, gift,
excise, capital stock, estate, succession and inheritance taxes, and federal and state income taxes measured by the net income
of Landlord from all sources, unless due to a change in the method of taxation such tax is levied or assessed against Landlord
as a substitute for, or as an addition to, in whole or in part, any other Tax that would constitute a Tax; or (b) penalties or
interest for late payment of Taxes except to the extent arising from Tenant s failure to pay such amounts. 

Base Expense
Year    : The calendar year 2015. 

Expense
Year    : The first and full calendar year following the Base Expense Year and each calendar year thereafter. 

Base Expenses    :
The Operating Expenses for the Base Expense Year equitably adjusted to the amount such Operating Expenses would have been if ninety-five
percent (95%) of the rentable area in the Property had been occupied during the Base Expense Year if there is less than ninety-five
percent (95%) occupancy in the Base Expense Year. Only those component expenses that are affected by variation in occupancy levels
shall be  grossed-up.  For purposes of determining Tenant's Share of Expense Increases, the Base Expenses shall be deemed
to have been incurred by Landlord during the Base Expense Year. Base Expenses shall not include market-wide cost increases due
to extraordinary circumstances, including but not limited to Force Majeure, security concerns, boycotts, strikes, embargoes or
shortages. For purposes of this paragraph,  market-wide cost increases due to extraordinary circumstances  shall mean
an actual, material increase in a category of Operating Expenses under this Lease in excess of the amount reasonably budgeted by
Landlord for such expense category in the Operating Expenses that is attributable to some unanticipated event or circumstance occurring
during the Base Expense Year and that affects the Property for a temporary period of time. 

6   

Expense
Increases    : Attributable to an Expense Year, shall mean the excess, if any, of the Operating Expenses paid or
incurred during such Expense Year equitably adjusted, if less than ninety-five percent (95%) occupancy, to the amount such Operating
Expenses would have been if ninety-five percent (95%) of the rentable area in the Property had been occupied during the Expense
Year over the Base Expenses. Only those component expenses that are affected by variation in occupancy levels shall be  grossed-up . 

Operating
Expenses    : All costs and expenses (and taxes, if any, thereon) paid or incurred on behalf of Landlord (whether
directly or through independent contractors) in connection with the ownership, management, operation, maintenance and repair of
the Property and Common Areas (including any sales or other taxes thereon) during the Term as a first-class office park, including,
without limitation: 

(a)          supplies,
materials and equipment purchased or rented, total wage and salary costs paid to, and all contract payments made on account of,
all persons to the extent engaged in the operation, maintenance, security, cleaning and repair of the Building and the Common Areas
at or below the level of building manager (including the amount of any taxes, social security taxes, unemployment insurance contributions,
union benefits) and any on-site employees of Landlord s property management agent; 

(b)          the
maintenance, repair and replacement of building systems, including heating, ventilating, air conditioning, plumbing, electrical,
mechanical, sewer, fire detection, sprinkler, life safety and security systems, telecommunications facilities, elevators and escalators,
exterior windows and doors, tenant directories, emergency generator, and other equipment used in common by, or for the benefit
of, occupants of the Building and Common Areas including such repairs and replacements as may be necessary to maintain the same
in proper working order and in compliance with all applicable laws and industry performance standards; 

(c)          charges
of contractors for services and facilities otherwise includable in Operating Expenses, including security, trash removal, cleaning,
janitorial, window washing, snow and ice removal, exterior and interior landscaping, the maintenance and repair of the parking
facilities, roadways and light poles; 

(d)          the
cost of utility services for the Building and the Common Areas, including, without limitation, water, sanitary sewer, electricity,
gas, fuel oil, steam, chilled water; but excluding electricity supplied to the Premises and billed to Tenant pursuant to  Section
5.4  and electricity used by other tenants of the Property within their leased space and billed directly to such tenants; 

(e)          the
premiums for fire, extended coverage, loss of rents, boiler, machinery, sprinkler, public liability, property damage, earthquake,
flood, and other insurance relative to the Property and the operation and maintenance thereof (including the fitness center described
below) and unreimbursed costs incurred by Landlord that are subject to an insurance deductible; 

(f)          the
operation and maintenance of any areas, facilities and amenities located in Common Areas (and in the Building, including, without
limitation, the cost of utilities, repairs and insurance associated with such amenities; 

(g)          the
amortized cost of capital items incurred with respect to the ownership, operation, maintenance and repair of the Property for maintenance,
repairs, and replacements amortized over the reasonable life of the capital items as determined in the reasonable judgment of Landlord's
accountant in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles together with interest at the greater of nine percent (9%)
per annum or Landlord s borrowing rate for such capital items on the unamortized balance of the cost of the capital item
and the installation of capital improvements that are made to the Property by Landlord in order to: (i) reduce (or avoid an increase
in) operation or maintenance expenses with respect to the Property, (ii) comply with laws, regulations or orders of any governmental
or quasi-governmental authority, agency or department which were enacted or became effective after the date hereof, or (iii) comply
with the requirements of Landlord's insurers set forth after the date hereof (but, in any event expressly excluding the cost of
any site work performed by or on behalf of Landlord in order to create additional parking on the land currently owned by the Massachusetts
Department of Transportation and shown on  Exhibit 1.3  as  Future Parking Area  in the event that such land is
acquired by Landlord subsequent to the execution hereof); 

7   

(h)          office
costs of administration; legal and accounting fees and other expenses of maintaining and auditing Property accounting records and
preparing Landlord's Statements; and 

(i)          fees
for management services whether rendered by Landlord (or affiliate) or a third-party property manager 
 in an amount not to exceed the rate of five percent (5%) of gross income from the Property; 

Operating Expenses shall
not include: (1) utility expenses that are separately metered for any individual tenant in the Property; (2) any expense for which
Landlord is reimbursed by a specific tenant by reason of a special agreement or requirement of the occupancy of the Property by
such tenant; (3) expenses for services provided by Landlord for the exclusive benefit of a given tenant or tenants for which Landlord
is directly reimbursed by such tenant or tenants; (4) all costs, fees and disbursements relating to activities for the solicitation,
negotiation and execution of leases for space in the Property (including but not limited to advertising costs, leasing commissions
and attorneys' fees therefor); (5) the costs of alterations to or payment of allowance for, or the decorating or the redecorating
of, space in the Property leased to other tenants; (6) except as stated in subparagraph (h) of the definition of Operating Expenses,
the costs associated with the operation of the business of the ownership or entity which constitutes  Landlord , including
costs of selling, syndicating, financing or mortgaging any of Landlord's interest in the Property; (7) rentals payable under any
ground or underlying lease, if any; (8) except as stated in subparagraph (g) of the definition of Operating Expenses, depreciation,
interest and principal payments on mortgages and other debt costs, if any; (9) repairs or other work required due to fire or other
casualty to the extent of insurance proceeds actually received by Landlord; (10) capital expenses for capital improvements that
are not included in the definition of  Operating Expenses  (11) payments to affiliates of Landlord (excluding property
management fees) but only to the extent that they exceed market charges; (12) except as set forth above, costs of constructing
any additional buildings or improvements; (13) any increase in the cost of Landlord s insurance caused by a specific use
of another tenant; (14) attorneys' fees, costs, disbursements, and other expenses incurred in connection with the disputes with
existing tenants; (15) rent for space which is not actually used by Landlord in connection with the management and operation of
the Building; (16) all costs or expenses (including fines, penalties and legal fees) incurred due to the violation by Landlord,
its employees, agents, contractors or assigns of the terms and conditions of the Lease, or any valid, applicable building code,
governmental rule, regulation or law; (17) contingency or replacement reserves; (18) costs incurred in remediation of the Property
required as the result of Hazardous Substances therein or thereon; (19) except as permitted above, any capital cost incurred in
connection with modifying, removing, upgrading or replacing the Building s telecommunication systems, including the purchase,
installation and operation of any informational displays in the Building s elevators or lobbies, and (20) costs, other than
those incurred in ordinary maintenance and repair, for sculptures, paintings, fountains or other objects of art or the display
of such item. 

Operating Expenses that
are incurred jointly for the benefit of the Building and one or more other buildings or properties, whether pursuant to a reciprocal
easement agreement, common area agreement or otherwise, may be allocated between the Building and the other buildings or properties
in accordance with the ratio of their respective rentable areas calculated using a consistent methodology or on any other reasonable
basis determined by Landlord. Operating Expenses incurred for the benefit of less than all of the tenants at the Property or in
the Building may be allocated among such tenants based on the rentable square footage of their respective premises or on any other
reasonable basis determined by Landlord. 

Tenant's
Share    : Tenant's Share shall be a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the rentable area of the Premises
and the denominator of which shall be the rentable area of the Building, with respect to Operating Expenses of and pertaining to
the Building, and the rentable area of the Property, with respect to Operating Expenses of and pertaining to the office park at
the Property. On the Commencement Date the Tenant's Share pertaining to the Property is 4.288% (20,360 RSF/474,820 RSF), and the
Tenant s Share pertaining to the Building is 39.118% (20,360 RSF/52,048 RSF). The Tenant's Share shall be recalculated from
time to time in the event that there shall be a change in the rentable area of either the Premises, the Building, or the Property 

8   

Landlord's
Statement    : An instrument containing a computation of any Additional Rent due pursuant to the provisions of this
 Article 5 . 

5.2             Payment
of Taxes  . Tenant shall pay, as Additional Rent, Tenant's Share of all Taxes payable in respect of any Tax Year falling
wholly or partially within the Term, to the extent that Taxes for any such period shall exceed the Base Taxes (which payment shall
be adjusted by proration with respect to any partial Tax Year). Within thirty (30) days after the issuance by the Town of Bedford
or other applicable governmental authority of the bill for Taxes, Landlord shall submit to Tenant a copy of such bill, together
with Landlord's Statement and Tenant shall pay the Additional Rent set forth on such Landlord's Statement (less the amount of estimated
payments paid by Tenant on account thereof) as set forth herein. Landlord, at its option, may require Tenant to make monthly payments
on account of Tenant's Share of Tax Increases for Tax Years following the Base Tax Year. The monthly payments shall be one-twelfth
(1/12th) of the amount of Tenant's Share of Tax Increases and shall be payable on or before the first day of each month during
the Term, in advance, in an amount estimated by Landlord and billed by Landlord to Tenant;  provided,   that , Landlord
shall have the right initially to determine such monthly estimates and to revise such estimates from time to time. 

5.3             Payment
of Operating Expenses  . Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, Tenant's Share of all Operating Expenses in respect
of each Expense Year to the extent Operating Expenses for each such Expense Year shall exceed Base Expenses. Tenant shall pay a
sum equal to one-twelfth (1/12) of the amount of Tenant's Share of Expense Increases for each Expense Year on or before the first
day of each month of such Expense Year, in advance, in an amount estimated by Landlord and billed by Landlord to Tenant;  provided ,
 that , Landlord shall have the right initially to determine such monthly estimates and to revise such estimates from time
to time. Landlord shall endeavor, within one hundred twenty (120) days after the expiration of the Base Expense Year and each Expense
Year, to prepare and furnish Tenant with Landlord's Statement showing the Base Expenses or the Operating Expenses incurred during
such Expense Year. Within thirty (30) days after receipt of Landlord's Statement for any Expense Year setting forth Tenant's Share
of any Expense Increase attributable to such Expense Year, Tenant shall pay Tenant's Share of such Expense Increase (less the amount
of estimated payments paid by Tenant on account thereof) to Landlord as Additional Rent. If Landlord s statement shows that
the estimated Expense Increases paid by Tenant exceed the actual Expense Increase for such Expense Year, Landlord shall, at Landlord s
election, either (i) reimburse Tenant for the amount so overpaid by Tenant within thirty (30) days after the issuance of Landlord s
Statement, or (ii) credit such amount against Tenant s estimated Expense Increase payments next coming due (except at the
end of the Lease Term, in which cause alternative (i) shall be implemented). 

5.4             Payment
of Electric Expense  . Tenant agrees to pay, or cause to be paid, all charges for electricity consumed in the Premises (or
by special facilities serving the Premises). Tenant will comply with all contracts relating to any such services. Tenant s
charges for such utility usage shall be based upon Tenant s actual usage (without markup by Landlord) based on check metering
(i.e., submeters) or separate meters provided as part of the Finish Work for lights, plugs and VAV fan circulation only (not for
heating), and specifically excluding the roof top HVAC units serving the Premises, and at Landlord s option, shall be paid
(i) to Landlord or Landlord s representative (as determined by Landlord) as Additional Rent or (ii) directly to the utility
company. If such payments are made to Landlord, during the Term, Tenant's rate of payment shall increase from time to time based
upon the increases in rate charged by the utility company to the Landlord; and Landlord shall have the right to issue supplemental
billing to Tenant from time to time to account for such increases. The electrical charges payable to Landlord in respect of the
Premises shall constitute Additional Rent under this Lease (but shall not be included as an Operating Expense), and shall be due
and payable monthly in advance on the first day of each calendar month during the Term. On the Commencement Date and thereafter
during the Term, Landlord shall have the right to charge Tenant an estimated amount, payable as Additional Rent on the first of
each month, in advance, together with payments of Base Rent, on account of Tenant s estimated electricity usage based on
prior Building history for the first month of the Term and thereafter on Tenant s actual usage, with an annual reconciliation
based on actual meter readings such that Tenant will pay the amount due hereunder. 

9   

5.5            Landlord's
Statements  . 

5.5.1            Delivery
of Statements . Landlord will deliver Landlord's Statements to Tenant during the Term. Landlord s delay or failure to
render Landlord's Statement with respect to the Base Expense Year, any Expense Year or any Tax Year beyond a date specified herein
shall not prejudice Landlord's right to render a Landlord's Statement with respect to that or any subsequent Expense Year or subsequent
Tax Year. The obligations of Landlord and Tenant under the provisions of this Article with respect to any Additional Rent incurred
during the Term shall survive the expiration or any sooner termination of the Term. If Landlord fails to give Tenant a statement
of projected Operating Expenses prior to the commencement of any Expense Year, Tenant shall continue to pay Operating Expenses
in accordance with the previous statement, until Tenant receives a new statement from Landlord. Landlord s Statements shall
be conclusive between the parties absent manifest error, subject to the provisions of  Section 5.5.2 , below. 

5.5.2            Tenant
Inspection Rights . During the sixty (60)-day period after receipt of any Landlord's Statement (the   Review Period  ),
Tenant may inspect and audit Landlord's records relevant to the cost and expense items reflected in such Landlord's Statement (a
  Tenant Audit  ) at a reasonable time mutually agreeable to Landlord and Tenant during Landlord's usual business
hours. Each Landlord's Statement shall be conclusive and binding upon Tenant unless within sixty (60) days after receipt of such
Landlord's Statement Tenant shall notify Landlord that it disputes the correctness of Landlord's Statement, specifying the respects
in which Landlord's Statement is claimed to be incorrect. Tenant s right to conduct any Tenant Audit shall be conditioned
upon the following: (a) no monetary Event of Default shall be ongoing at the time that Tenant seeks to conduct the Tenant Audit;
(b) in no event shall any Tenant Audit be performed by a firm retained on a  contingency fee  basis; (c) the Tenant
Audit shall be concluded no later than thirty (30) days after the end of the Review Period; (d) any Tenant Audit shall not unreasonably
interfere with the conduct of Landlord s business; (e) Tenant and its accounting firm shall treat any information gained
in the course of any Tenant Audit in a confidential manner and shall each execute Landlord s confidentiality agreement for
Landlord s benefit prior to commencing any Tenant Audit; (f) Tenant s accounting firm s audit report shall, at
no charge to Landlord, be submitted in draft form for Landlord s review and comment before the final approved audit report
is delivered to Landlord, and Landlord shall have the right to point out errors or make suggestions with respect to such audit
report, and any appropriate comments or clarifications by Landlord which are accepted by Tenant s auditor shall be incorporated
into the final audit report, it being the intention of the parties that Landlord s right to review is intended to prevent
errors and avoid the dispute resolution mechanism set forth below and not to unduly influence Tenant s auditor in the preparation
of the final audit report; and (g) the Tenant Audit shall be conducted by Tenant at its sole cost and expense unless the results
of such Tenant Audit show that Landlord s Statement overstated the amount of Operating Expenses owed by Tenant for the relevant
billing period by more than five percent (5%) in which case Landlord shall be responsible for payment of such costs and expenses.
If Tenant makes a timely exception within the Review Period, Tenant shall nonetheless pay the amount shown on the Landlord s
Statement in the manner prescribed in this Lease, without any prejudice to such exception, and any overpayments identified during
any Tenant Audit, if any, shall be applied as a credit against the amount of Additional Rent owed by Tenant immediately following
the Tenant Audit. 

5.6             Adjustments  .
If the actual amount of Tenant's Share of the Expense Increases for any Expense Year or Tenant's Share of Tax Increases for any
Tax Year exceeds the estimated amount thereof paid by Tenant for such Expense Year or Tax Year, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord
the difference between the estimated amount paid by Tenant and the actual amount of such Additional Rent payable by Tenant. This
Additional Rent payment shall be due and payable within thirty (30) days following delivery of Landlord's Statement. If the total
amount of estimated payments made by Tenant in respect of Tenant's Share of Expense Increases for such Expense Year or Tenant's
Share of Tax Increases for any Tax Year shall exceed the actual amount of such Additional Rent payable by Tenant, then such excess
amount shall be credited against the monthly installments of Additional Rent due and payable from Tenant to Landlord hereunder
until such amount shall have been refunded in full to Tenant (or refunded in accordance with  Section 5.3 ). Any excess payments
made by Tenant during the Term that have not been so applied and are outstanding at the end of the Term shall be paid to Tenant
promptly following delivery of Landlord's Statement for the final Expense Year and final Tax Year, as applicable. Even though the
Term has expired and Tenant has vacated the Premises, when final determination is made of Tenant's Share of Expense Increases or
Tax Increases for the year in which this Lease terminates, Tenant shall pay any increase due over the estimated Expense Increases
or Tax Increases paid within fifteen (15) days after Landlord s delivery of Landlord s Statement therefor. 

10   

ARTICLE 6          SERVICES
AND UTILITIES  

6.1           Services  .
Landlord shall provide the following services to the Building and Premises (subject to Tenant s reimbursement and payment
obligations therefore in accordance with the operation of  Article 5  hereof): 

(a)          Janitor
services in and about the Premises in accordance with the cleaning specifications set forth in  Exhibit 6.1 , Saturdays, Sundays
and union and state and federal government holidays (the   Holidays  ) excepted. Tenant shall not provide any
janitor service without Landlord s written consent. If Landlord s consent is given, such janitor services shall be
subject to Landlord s supervision and control, but shall be performed at Tenant s sole cost and responsibility. 

(b)          Heat
and air-conditioning as required to maintain comfortable temperature (excluding specialized temperature and humidity control for
computers, printers and other equipment) daily from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday (  Normal Business Hours  ),
Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays excepted, consistent with such service typical of comparable buildings in the Route 128 North submarket. 

(c)          Hot
running water for lavatory purposes and cold water for cleaning, landscaping, grounds maintenance, fire protection, drinking, lavatory
and toilet purposes drawn through fixtures installed by Landlord or by Tenant with Landlord s written consent. If Tenant s
water use increases beyond customary office user levels, Landlord shall have the right to install a water meter at Tenant s
expense and to charge Tenant as Additional Rent for its water consumption in the Premises in accordance with readings from such
meter. 

(d)          Distribution
of electric current from providers selected by Landlord, in amounts required for normal lighting by building standard lighting
overhead fixtures and for electrical outlets for normal business operations, including without limitation, personal computers,
copiers, facsimiles and other ordinary business equipment,  subject ,  however , to Landlord s approval of Tenant s
final electrical plan for the Premises (but specifically excluding electric current surge protection). 

(e)          Maintenance
of the Common Areas so that they are clean and free from accumulations of debris, rubbish and garbage and exterior drives, walkways
and parking areas free of accumulations of snow. 

(f)          Access
by Tenant to the Premises and use of designated elevator service twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week, fifty-two
(52) weeks per year, except for emergency situations outside of Landlord s control and subject to the operation of Landlord s
computerized access system at the Building s entrances and to Landlord s Rules and Regulations. Overtime HVAC and other
services shall be available as provided in  Section 6.2  hereof. 

Landlord shall have the right to select
the utility providers and Tenant shall pay all actual costs associated with obtaining the utility service as provided in  Article
5  hereof. Landlord agrees to furnish or cause to be furnished to the Premises the utilities and services described herein,
subject to the conditions and in accordance with the standards set forth herein. Landlord s failure to furnish any of such
services when such failure is caused by accidents, the making of repairs, alterations or improvements, labor difficulties, difficulty
in obtaining adequate supply of fuel, electricity, steam, water or other service or supplies from the sources from which they are
usually obtained for the Building, or governmental constraints or any other cause beyond Landlord s reasonable control, shall
not result in any liability to Landlord. Tenant shall not be entitled to any abatement or reduction of rent by reason of such failure,
no eviction of Tenant shall result from such failure and Tenant shall not be relieved from the performance of any covenant or agreement
in this Lease. In the event of any failure, stoppage or interruption thereof, Landlord shall diligently attempt to resume service
promptly. 

11   

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there
shall be an interruption, curtailment or suspension of any service necessary for the occupancy of the Premises and required to
be provided by Landlord pursuant to this Section 6.1 (and no reasonably equivalent alternative service or supply is provided by
Landlord) that shall materially interfere with Tenant s use and enjoyment of all or a material portion of the Premises (a
  Service Interruption  ), and if (i) such Service Interruption shall continue for five (5) consecutive business
days following receipt by Landlord of written notice from Tenant describing such Service Interruption (the   Service Interruption
Notice  ), (ii) such Service Interruption is not the result of Force Majeure or any of Tenant s acts or omissions,
and (iii) the restoration of such Service Interruption is in the reasonable control of Landlord, then Tenant shall be entitled
to an equitable abatement of Base Rent, based on the nature and duration of the Service Interruption, the area of the Premises
affected, and the then current Base Rent amounts, for the period that shall begin on the 6th day of such Service Interruption and
that shall end on the day such Service Interruption ceases. Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, but subject
to  Article 10  and  Article 11  (which shall govern in the event of a casualty or condemnation), the remedies expressly
provided in this paragraph shall be Tenant s sole recourse and remedy in the event of an interruption of Landlord services
to the Premises 

6.2           Additional
Services  . Landlord shall impose reasonable charges and may establish reasonable rules and regulations for the following:
(a) the use of any heating, air-conditioning, ventilation, electric current or other utility services or equipment by Tenant after
Normal Business Hours (  Overtime HVAC  ); (b) the use or consumption of any other building services, supplies
or utilities after Normal Business Hours and any unanticipated, additional costs incurred by Landlord to operate the Building after
Normal Business Hours as a result thereof; (c) additional or unusual janitorial services required because of any non-building standard
improvements in the Premises, the carelessness of Tenant, the nature of Tenant s business (including the operation of Tenant s
business after Normal Business Hours); and (d) the removal of any refuse and rubbish from the Premises except for discarded material
placed in wastepaper baskets and left for emptying as an incident to Landlord s normal cleaning of the Premises in accordance
with  Exhibit 6.1 . The expense charged by Landlord to Tenant for any Overtime HVAC shall be (i) reasonably calculated by
Landlord based on Landlord s actual historical costs (which shall include the cost of utilities, repairs and maintenance,
and additional wear and tear on the HVAC equipment), currently, $100 per hour, (ii) shall be adjusted from time to time to reflect
Landlord s actual costs, and (iii) shall constitute Additional Rent and shall be payable in accordance with  Section 4.4 . 

6.3           Excessive
Current  . 

6.3.1            Prohibited
Activities . Tenant shall comply with the conditions of occupancy and connected electrical load reasonably established by Landlord
for the Building and Tenant shall not use utilities or other services in excess of the services described above in  Section 6.1 
or in a manner which exceeds or interferes with any Building systems or service equipment or Landlord s ability to provide
services to other tenants in the Building. Tenant shall not, without Landlord s prior consent in each instance, connect air
conditioning equipment, computers, (excluding personal computers and printers and office copiers and facsimile machines), major
appliances (excluding coffee makers, microwave ovens and other similar food preparation appliances) or heavy duty equipment (  High
Usage Equipment  ) to the Building s electrical system. Tenant covenants that at no time shall the use of electrical
energy in the Premises exceed the capacity of the existing feeders or wiring installations then serving the Premises, Landlord
agreeing that normal office use by Tenant based upon the occupancy level indicated on the Final Concept Plans (as defined in the
Work Letter) by Tenant shall not exceed such capacity. Tenant shall not, without prior consent of Landlord in each instance, make
or perform, or permit the making or performing of, any alteration to wiring installations or other electrical facilities in or
serving the Premises or any additions to the electrical fixtures, machines, equipment or other appliances in the Premises which
utilize electrical energy. 

6.3.2            Landlord s
Right to Survey Usage . Landlord may survey Tenant s use of services from time to time. Tenant shall pay Landlord all
costs arising out of any excess use or other connection of High Usage Equipment, including the cost of all repairs and alterations
to the Building s mechanical and electrical systems (including the installation of meters) and the cost of additional electricity
made available to Tenant, if any. Such costs shall constitute Additional Rent and Tenant shall pay such costs pursuant to  Section
4.4 . 

12   

6.4           Maintenance
of Common Areas  . The manner in which the Common Areas are maintained and operated and the expenditures therefore shall
be at the sole discretion of Landlord and in accordance with the standards of comparable buildings in the Bedford submarket of
the Route 128 North submarket. Landlord reserves the right from time to time to (a) make changes in the shape, size, location and
appearance of the land and improvements which constitute the Common Areas, provided that Landlord shall not materially impair the
Tenant s ability to operate its business or reasonable access to the Premises, except temporary impairments required by said
changes; (b) make such improvements, alterations and repairs to the Common Areas as may be required by governmental authorities
or by utility companies servicing the Property; (c) construct, maintain and operate lighting and other facilities on all said areas
and improvements; (d) grant exclusive parking rights to Property tenants; and (e) to add or remove improvements and facilities
to or from the Common Areas. The use of the Common Areas shall be subject to such reasonable regulations and changes therein as
Landlord shall make from time to time, including (but not by way of limitation) the right to close from time to time, if necessary,
all or any portion of the Common Areas to such extent as may be legally sufficient, in the opinion of Landlord s counsel,
to prevent a dedication thereof or the accrual of rights of any person or of the public therein;  provided ,  however ,
Landlord shall do so at such times and in such manner as shall minimize any disruption to Tenant to the extent reasonably possible. 

Landlord further reserves
the right to add to the Property and to develop and finance additions and other improvements in the Common Areas of the Property
as it may determine in its discretion. This may entail subdivision of the land at the Property, a separate ground lease of a portion
of the land at the Property, or creation of a condominium or common interest community in a manner that allows development of any
addition or other improvements as an independent project. In the case of the development of any addition or other improvements
as an independent project, the same shall be excluded from the term  Property  as used in this Lease. In the event any
land is added to the Property,  Exhibit 1.1-2  shall be deemed amended accordingly. In the event the Property, as originally
defined herein, is subdivided, then the term  Property  shall be deemed to refer only to the parcel or parcels of land
on which the Building is located and  Exhibit 1.1-2  shall be deemed amended accordingly. In the event the Property is
submitted to a condominium regime, the Property shall be deemed to be the condominium unit in which the Building is located and
all common areas and facilities of the condominium. This Lease shall be subject and subordinate to any such subdivision, ground
lease, or condominium (and covenants and easements granted in connection therewith) so long as the same are not inconsistent in
any material respect with Tenant's rights under this Lease. Tenant agrees to enter into any instruments reasonably requested by
Landlord in connection with the foregoing so long as the same are not inconsistent with the rights of Tenant under this Lease,
including a subordination of this Lease to a ground lease or documents creating a condominium or common interest community at the
Property. Tenant agrees not to take any action to oppose any application by Landlord for any permits, consents or approvals from
any governmental authorities for any redevelopment or additional development of all or any part of the Property, and will use all
commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any of Tenant's subtenants or assigns, and Tenant's and their respective officers, directors,
employees, agents, contractors and consultants (collectively,   Tenant Responsible Parties  ) from doing so. For
purposes hereof, action to oppose any such application shall include, without limitation, communications with any governmental
authorities requesting that any such application be limited or altered. Also for purposes hereof, commercially reasonable efforts
shall include, without limitation, commercially reasonable efforts, upon receiving notice of any such action to oppose any application
on the part of any Tenant Responsible Parties, to obtain injunctive relief, and, in the case of a subtenant, exercising remedies
against the subtenant under its sublease. 

6.5           Access
to Premises  . 

6.5.1            Landlord s
Right of Entry . Landlord shall have the right to enter the Premises without abatement of Rent at all reasonable times upon
reasonable prior notice to Tenant (except in emergencies when no advance notice shall be required), (a) to supply any service to
be provided by Landlord to Tenant hereunder, (b) to show the Premises to Landlord s Mortgagee and to prospective purchasers,
mortgagees and, during the last twelve (12) months of the Term, tenants, (c) to inspect, alter, improve or repair the Premises
and any portion of the Property, and (d) to introduce conduits, risers, pipes and ducts to and through the Premises, provided that
in exercising any such right, Landlord will cause all such conduits, risers, pipes and ducts to be placed above dropped ceilings,
within walls, or below floors or in closets, to the extent reasonably practicable. In conducting any such activities, Landlord
shall use reasonable efforts not to disrupt the conduct of Tenant s business operations. 

13   

6.5.2            Tenant s
Keys . For each of the purposes stated above in this  Section 6.5 , Landlord shall at all times have and retain a key with
which to unlock all of the doors in, upon and about the Premises, excluding Tenant s vaults and safes, or special security
areas, and Landlord shall have the right to use any and all means that Landlord may deem necessary or proper to open said doors
in an emergency, in order to obtain entry to any portion of the Premises. 

6.6           Cafeteria
and Fitness Center  . The Common Areas may contain a fitness center (the   Fitness Center  ) and a cafeteria
(the   Cafeteria  ) that will be operated and maintained by the Landlord (or an operator selected by the Landlord).
The Cafeteria and Fitness Center, if any, may not be temporarily available from time to time due to construction activities, repairs,
maintenance or alterations, or a change in the managing or operating company hired by Landlord, and Landlord reserves the right
to change the use of such facilities if the same is uneconomic or insufficiently used by tenants of the Building or Property in
which case such facilities shall be subject to discontinuance and removal by Landlord, as determined by Landlord in its sole discretion.
Landlord agrees to make the Fitness Center (and its facilities and equipment), if any, available to Tenant s employees on
a direct, non-exclusive basis subject to (a) Landlord s Rules and Regulations regarding the use thereof; (b) payment of a
monthly or other periodic user fee; and (c) execution of a waiver of liability and indemnity agreement for Landlord s benefit
in form and substance satisfactory to Landlord prior to such person s use of the Fitness Center. If, at any time, the Fitness
Center and/or Cafeteria are located within the Property in an area outside of the Building, Tenant acknowledges and agrees that
Tenant s use of such facilities shall be subject to discontinuance if the Building and Property are no longer owned by the
same entity. 

ARTICLE 7          CONDUCT
OF BUSINESS BY TENANT  

7.1           Permitted
Use  . The Premises shall be used and occupied only for general office purposes and customary accessory uses ancillary to
office,   as permitted per Applicable Laws (the   Permitted Use  ), but expressly excluding medical, clinical,
government and education (as distinguished from training of staff) offices. Tenant shall not use or occupy, or permit the use or
occupancy of, the Premises or any part thereof for any use other than the Permitted Use specifically set forth above or in any
illegal manner, or in any manner that, in Landlord's judgment, would adversely affect or interfere with any services required to
be furnished by Landlord to Tenant or to any other tenant or occupant of the Property, or with the proper and economical rendition
of any such service, or with the use and enjoyment of any part of the Property by any other tenant or occupant. In no event shall
the Permitted Use include any governmental, medical, clinical, retail and/or laboratory uses. Tenant agrees that it will not exceed
the maximum floor bearing capacity for the Premises. 

7.2           Tenant's
Personal Property  . Tenant shall be responsible for any ad valorem taxes on its personal property (whether owned or leased)
and on the value of its leasehold improvements in the Premises (which are in excess of building standard improvements), and if
the taxing authorities do not separately assess Tenant's leasehold improvements, Landlord may make a reasonable allocation of the
impositions to such improvements and charge Tenant for the same as Additional Rent. 

7.3           Compliance
with Laws  . 

7.3.1            Tenant s
Compliance Obligations . From and after the Commencement Date, Tenant, at Tenant's expense, shall comply promptly with the laws,
ordinances, rules, regulations and orders of all governmental authorities in effect from time to time during the Term including,
without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act (  ADA  ), and all applicable federal, state and municipal
building, zoning, fire, health, safety and environmental laws (the   Applicable Laws  ) that shall impose any
duty on Tenant with respect to the Premises or the use, occupancy or operation thereof. Tenant will obtain and maintain in full
force and effect any and all licenses and permits necessary for its use. Tenant shall make any Alterations in or to the Premises
in order to comply with the foregoing, which are necessitated or occasioned, in whole or in part by the use or occupancy or manner
of use, occupancy or operation of the Premises by Tenant or any of its officers, employees, agents, contractors, invitees, licensees
or subtenants (the   Tenant Parties  ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not be required to make any
alterations or additions to the structure, roof, exterior and load bearing walls, foundation, structural floor slabs and other
structural elements of the Building or any of the life safety systems serving the Premises unless the same are (x) required by
Tenant s particular use of the Premises (as opposed to office use, generally) or (y) result from any Alterations (as defined
below) made by Tenant. 

14   

7.3.2            Landlord s
Compliance Obligations . Landlord shall comply with all Applicable Laws in effect from time to time during the Term that shall
impose any duty on Landlord with respect to the Common Areas, excluding any matters that are Tenant's responsibility under this
Lease or the responsibility of other tenants of the Property. The Premises and the Finish Work designed and constructed by Landlord
will conform upon completion to all Applicable Laws, including, without limitation, the requirements of Title III of the ADA. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, from and after the Commencement Date, Tenant shall be responsible for legal compliance,
including the requirements of the ADA, with respect to (a) any and all requirements on account of Tenant's particular use of, or
operations in, the Premises (as opposed to office use, generally), and (b) all Alterations designed or constructed by Tenant or
its contractors or agents. 

7.4           Landlord's
Rules and Regulations  . Tenant shall observe and comply with the rules and regulations attached to this Lease as  Exhibit
7.4 , and all reasonable modifications thereof and additions thereto from time to time put into effect by Landlord (the   Rules
and Regulations  ). Tenant shall not use or permit the use of the Premises in any manner that will create waste or a nuisance,
or which shall tend to unreasonably disturb other tenants of the Property. 

7.5           No
Liens  . Tenant shall keep the Premises and Property free from any liens or encumbrances arising out of any work performed,
material furnished or obligations incurred by or for Tenant or any person or entity claiming through or under Tenant. Any claim
to, or lien upon, the Premises or the Property arising from any act or omission of Tenant shall accrue only against the leasehold
estate of Tenant and shall be subject and subordinate to the paramount title and rights of Landlord in and to the Premises and
the Property. If any mechanics' or other lien shall be filed against the Premises or the Property purporting to be for services,
labor or material furnished or to be furnished at the request of the Tenant, then Tenant shall at its expense cause such lien to
be discharged of record by payment, bond or otherwise, within ten (10) days after the filing thereof. 

7.6           Hazardous
Substances  . 

7.6.1            Prohibition
on Use; Remediation . Tenant shall not generate, store (except customary cleaning supplies maintained in small quantities and
in a manner consistent with reasonable commercial office practices if stored, used and disposed of, in accordance with all Applicable
Laws and the fire protection requirements of any Property insurers), dispose of or release, or permit the storage, use, disposal
or release of, any   Hazardous Substances   (as defined below), in, above, on or under the Premises or the Property.
Tenant shall promptly remove, clean up and remediate any Hazardous Substance on the Premises in accordance with Applicable Laws,
provided that the presence of such Hazardous Substance resulted from the action or inaction of Tenant, or any Tenant Parties;  provided,
however , Landlord reserves the right to notify Tenant that it will conduct the remediation and, in such case, Landlord shall
remediate such condition and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for all costs and expenses upon written demand by Landlord. 

7.6.2            Hazardous
Substances . As used in this Lease, the term   Hazardous Substances   shall mean any material or substance that,
whether by its nature or use, is now or hereafter defined as a hazardous waste, hazardous substance, hazardous material, hazardous
chemical substance or mixture, pollutant or contaminant under the Comprehensive Environmental response Compensation and Liability
Act, as amended (42 U.S.C.  9601  et   seq. ), Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, as amended (49 U.S.C.  1801
 et   seq. ), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended (42 U.S.C.  6901  et   seq. ), Toxic
Substances Contract Act, as amended (15 U.S.C.  2601  et   seq. ), or which is now or hereafter regulated under
any Applicable Laws, or which is or contains petroleum, gasoline, diesel fuel or another petroleum hydrocarbon product or material,
or which is toxic, explosive, corrosive, flammable, infectious, radioactive, carcinogenic, mutagenic or otherwise hazardous. 

15   

ARTICLE 8          ALTERATIONS,
IMPROVEMENTS AND SIGNAGE  

8.1           Landlord s
Obligations  . Landlord will maintain in good repair, reasonable wear and use, (except casualty and condemnation which shall
be governed by  Article 10  and  Article 11 , respectively) (a) all structural components of the Building and Common
Areas, including, without limitation, the roof structure, foundation, exterior and load-bearing walls, the structural floor slabs;
(b) the Building Systems (defined below in  Subsection 8.3.1 ) serving the Building (excluding any Building Systems that exclusively
serve Tenant and any Tenant installations, fixtures and supplemental HVAC units that are dedicated to Tenant s exclusive
use). The cost of this maintenance and repair shall be included in Operating Expenses and shall be subject to reimbursement under
 Article 5  hereof to the extent provided therein. Maintenance and repair expenses caused by Tenant s willful misconduct
or negligent acts or omissions shall be paid directly to Landlord by Tenant in accordance with  Section 4.4 , and shall not
constitute an Operating Expense. 

8.2           Tenant s
Obligations  . Tenant shall take good care of the Premises, any Building Systems that exclusively serve Tenant, and any Tenant
installations, fixtures and supplemental HVAC units that are dedicated to Tenant s exclusive use), and at Tenant s
cost and expense, shall make all repairs and replacements necessary to preserve the same in good working order and in a clean,
safe and sanitary condition, and will suffer no waste. Tenant shall maintain, at its own expense, in good order, condition and
repair to Landlord s reasonable satisfaction, all plumbing facilities and electrical fixtures and devices (including replacement
of all lamps, starters and ballasts) located within the Premises. Tenant shall repair, at its cost, all deteriorations or damages
to the Property occasioned by its negligent acts or omissions or willful misconduct. If Tenant does not make such repairs to the
Building within twenty (20) days following notice from Landlord, Landlord may, but need not, make such repairs, and Tenant shall
pay the cost thereof as provided in  Section 8.7  hereof. 

8.3           Tenant s
Alterations  . 

8.3.1            Landlord s
Consent to Alterations . Tenant shall not make or permit any improvements, installations, alterations or additions (  Alterations  )
in or to the Premises, the Building or the Property that involve or affect the structural portions of the Premises or the Property
(the   Building Structure  ) or any of the Property s HVAC, mechanical, electrical, telecommunications,
cabling, plumbing or other systems or equipment (the   Building Systems  ) or the interior walls or corridors
within the Premises. Tenant may make Alterations to the Premises that do not involve or affect the Building Structure or the Building
Systems, subject to Landlord s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed,
provided it shall be deemed reasonable for Landlord to withhold its consent to any Alteration which adversely affects the structural
portions or the systems or equipment of the Building or is visible from the exterior of the Building, or which would violate any
certificate of occupancy for the Building or any other permits or licenses relating to the Building. Landlord s prior written
consent shall not be required for minor decorations in the Premises for which Tenant provides advance notice to Landlord and which
do not exceed $25,000.00 in the aggregate on an annual basis. 

8.3.2            Construction
Standards . All Alterations made by or on behalf of Tenant shall be made and performed: (a) by contractors or mechanics approved
by Landlord in its reasonable discretion, who shall carry liability insurance of a type and in such amounts as Landlord shall reasonably
require, naming Landlord and Tenant as additional insureds, (b) in a good and workmanlike manner, (c) so that same shall be at
least equal in quality, value, and utility to the original work or installation and shall be in conformity with Landlord s
building standard specifications, as the same may be amended by Landlord and in effect at such time, (d) in accordance with all
Applicable Laws, and (e) pursuant to plans, drawings and specifications (  Tenant s Plans  ) which have
been reviewed and approved by Landlord prior to the commencement of the repairs or replacements and approved by, and filed with,
all applicable governmental authorities (the   Construction Standards  ). 

8.3.4            Security
System . Subject to Tenant s compliance with the provisions of  Subsection 6.5.2  and  Subsection 8.3.2  above,
Tenant shall have the right to install, at its expense, a security system to secure the Premises. 

16   

8.4             Tenant s
Property  . All trade fixtures, furnishings, equipment and personal property placed in the Premises by Tenant and all computer,
telecommunications or other cabling and wiring installed in the Premises or elsewhere at the Property by or for the benefit of
Tenant (collectively, the   Tenant s Property  ) shall be removed by Tenant at the expiration of the Term.
Tenant shall, at its cost and expense, repair any damage to the Premises or the Property caused by such removal. Any of Tenant s
Property not removed from the Premises prior to the Expiration Date shall, at Landlord s option, become the property of Landlord.
Landlord may remove such Tenant s Property, and Tenant shall pay to Landlord, Landlord s cost of removal and of any
repairs in connection therewith in accordance with  Section 4.4  hereof. 

8.5             Ownership
and Removal  . All additions, fixtures and improvements attached to or installed in or upon the Premises by Tenant or by
Landlord shall be Landlord s property and shall remain upon the Premises at the termination of this Lease without compensation
or allowance or credit to Tenant.  Provided that Landlord so notifies Tenant at the time Landlord grants its consent to alterations
or additions (other than approvals with respect to Alterations which are structural in nature, affect the Building Structure or
the Building Systems, or are above Building standard, with respect to which no such notification by Landlord shall be required),
Landlord may require at the Expiration Date, or the sooner date of termination of this Lease, that Tenant, at Tenant s expense,
remove any of Tenant s Property or Alterations which have been attached to or installed in the Premises (excluding the Finish
Work to the extent consistent with  Schedule 1.1  to the Work Letter attached to the Lease, which may remain upon the Premises
at the termination of this Lease, with the exception of any computer, telecommunications or other cabling and wiring, and any specialized
equipment or supplemental HVAC units that may be included therein), and if Tenant fails to do so, then Landlord may remove the
same and, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the cost of such removal and of any repairs for any damage to the Premises or Property in
connection therewith. 

8.6             Surrender  .
Upon the expiration or sooner termination of the Term, Tenant will quietly and peacefully surrender to Landlord the Premises in
as good condition as when Tenant took possession, ordinary wear and tear and damage by fire or other casualty excepted, and otherwise
as is required in  Article 8.  In addition, at such time Tenant shall remove all Hazardous Substances stored, or disposed
of, or generated by Tenant in its use or operation of the Premises and all equipment and materials contaminated or affected by
such Hazardous Substances in conformity with the Hazardous Substance laws. 

8.7             Tenant s
Failure to Maintain  . If Landlord gives Tenant written notice of the necessity of any repairs or replacements required to
be made under  Section 8.2  and Tenant fails to commence diligently to cure the same within twenty (20) days thereafter (except
that no notice will be required in case of any emergency repair or replacement necessary to prevent substantial damage or deterioration),
Landlord, at its option and in addition to any other remedies, may proceed to make such repairs or replacements and the expenses
incurred by Landlord in connection therewith plus five percent (5%) thereof for Landlord s supervision, shall be due and
payable from Tenant in accordance with  Section 4.4  hereof, as Additional Rent;  provided ,  that,  Landlord s
making any such repairs or replacements shall not be deemed a waiver of Tenant s default in failing to make the same. 

8.8             Signs  .
Landlord shall provide Tenant with a listing on the Building directory located in the Building lobby. Except as expressly set forth
in this  Section 8.8 , Tenant shall not place or erect any signs, monuments or other structures in or on the Building or Property.
Except as expressly set forth in this  Section 8.8 , Tenant shall not place any signage on the exterior of the Premises nor
on the inside of the Premises which are visible from the exterior of the Premises. Tenant shall pay for all costs to change signage
as a result of a change in the name of the business occupying the Premises. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may install an
identification sign at the entrance to the Premises in accordance with the provisions of  Section 8.3 , above, subject to
Landlord s reasonable approval. 

Subject to Landlord s
reasonable approval as to design and method of installation, and to Applicable Laws, Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall
have the right,   prior to the Commencement Date, to install and thereafter maintain one sign, of a size and in the location
identified on  Exhibit 8.8  attached hereto, which sign shall identify the originally named Tenant hereunder (the  Exterior
Building Signage ). Tenant shall be responsible, at Tenant s expense, for obtaining all permits related to the installation
and maintenance of the Exterior Building Signage. The provisions of this paragraph are personal to the originally named Tenant
and any Affiliate (as defined in  Section 12.6  of this Lease) pursuant to a Permitted Transfer (as defined in  Section
12.6  of this Lease). If the Exterior Building Signage requires municipal or other governmental approval, and such approval
is denied, Landlord shall not be deemed to be in default hereunder and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect. If Tenant
does not install the Exterior Building Signage within the twelve (12) month period following the Commencement Date (as the same
may be reasonably extended due to any delay caused by Force Majeure) in accordance with this  Section 8.8 , then Tenant s
rights to install Exterior Building Signage shall terminate. Landlord shall have the right to relocate the Exterior Building Signage
on a temporary basis in connection with the maintenance and repair of the Building. 

17   

ARTICLE 9           INSURANCE  

9.1             Tenant s
Insurance  . Tenant, at its own expense, shall provide and keep in force with companies which are rated A/XV or better by
A.M. Best Company and licensed in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts: (a) combined single limit commercial general liability insurance
insuring against liability for personal injury and property damage, including contractual liability, in the amount of $4,000,000.00
per occurrence/$4,000,000.00 annual aggregate limit which may be achieved through a combination of General Liability and umbrella
insurance (provided that any umbrella coverage is on a  following-form  basis); (b)  Special Form  property
insurance, including standard fire and extended coverage insurance, in amounts necessary to provide replacement cost coverage,
for Tenant s Property, machinery, electronic data and any Alterations in which Tenant has an insurable property interest,
including, without limitation, vandalism and malicious mischief and sprinkler leakage coverage, and  all risk  Builder s
Risk insurance, completed value, non-reporting form at any time that Tenant has commenced construction of any leasehold improvements
or any Alterations, and at any time any other construction activities are underway at the Premises; (c) plate glass insurance for
the Premises (if applicable); (d) Workers  Compensation Insurance in statutory limits as required by applicable law; and
(e) any other insurance reasonably required by Landlord. At Landlord s request, which shall be made no more often than once
every three (3) years (unless required by Applicable Laws), the amounts and kinds of insurance coverages described herein may be
reasonably increased or expanded to reflect amounts and coverages then typically being carried for similar business operations
in institutionally owned or financed properties. 

9.2             Delivery
of Policies  . Each such insurance policy shall: (a) be provided in form, substance and amounts (where not above stated)
satisfactory to Landlord and to Landlord s Mortgagee in their reasonable discretion; (b) specifically include the liability
assumed hereunder by Tenant (provided that the amount of such insurance shall not be construed to limit the liability of Tenant
hereunder); (c) shall provide that it is primary insurance, and not excess over or contributory with any other valid, existing
and applicable insurance in force for or on behalf of Landlord. Tenant shall insure that Landlord shall receive thirty (30) days 
written notice prior to any cancellation or change of coverage. Tenant shall deliver policies of such insurance or certificates
thereof to Landlord on or before the Commencement Date, and thereafter at least thirty (30) days before the expiration dates of
expiring policies. All such insurance certificates shall provide that Landlord, its mortgagees, any ground lessors and Landlord s
managing agent shall each be named as an additional insured. In the event Tenant shall fail to procure such insurance, or to deliver
such policies or certificates, Landlord may, at its option, procure same for the account of Tenant, and the cost thereof shall
be paid to Landlord as Additional Rent within five (5) days after delivery to Tenant of bills therefor. Tenant s compliance
with the provisions of this  Article 9  shall in no way limit Tenant s liability under any of the other provisions of
this Lease. 

9.3             Increased
Insurance Risk  . Tenant shall not do or permit anything to be done, or keep or permit anything to be kept in the Premises,
which would: (a) be in violation of any governmental law, regulation or requirement, (b) invalidate or be in conflict with the
provision of any fire or other insurance policies covering the Property or any property located therein, (c) result in a refusal
by fire insurance companies of good standing to insure the Property or any such property in amounts required by Landlord s
Mortgagee (as hereinafter defined) or reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, (d) subject Landlord to any liability or responsibility
for injury to any person or property by reason of any business operation being conducted in the Premises, or (e) cause any increase
in the fire insurance rates applicable to the Property or property located therein at the beginning of the Term or at any time
thereafter. In the event that any use of the Premises by Tenant increases such cost of insurance, Landlord shall give Tenant written
notice of such increase and a reasonable opportunity to cure its use to prevent such increase;  provided ,  however ,
if Tenant fails to do so, Tenant shall pay such increased cost to Landlord in accordance with  Section 4.4  hereof. Acceptance
of such payment shall not be construed as a consent by Landlord to Tenant s such use, or limit Landlord s remedies
under this Lease. 

18   

9.4             Indemnity  .
Tenant shall defend with counsel approved by Landlord in Landlord s reasonable discretion, indemnify and hold harmless Landlord,
all employees, officers, directors, partners, members and shareholders of Landlord, Mortgagees of the Property and any other party
having an interest therein from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys 
fees and expenses), causes of action, suits, claims, demands or judgments of any nature arising from or with respect to (a) any
injury to or death of any person or damage to or loss of property in, on or about the Premises or connected with the use, condition
or occupancy of any thereof, except to the extent caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord, its agents, employees
or contractors, (b) any breach or violation by Tenant of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of this Lease, (c) any act,
omission, fault, misconduct, negligence or violation of applicable laws and regulations by Tenant or any Tenant Parties, (d) any
Hazardous Substances or other pollutants brought, generated, stored, used, installed, disposed of, spilled, released, emitted or
discharged on, in or from the Premises or the Property, or allowed, permitted or suffered to be brought, generated, stored, used,
installed, disposed of, spilled, released, emitted or discharged thereon, therein or therefrom, by Tenant or any Tenant Parties,
in violation of  Section 7.6  or otherwise, (e) any construction or other work by Tenant on or about the Premises pursuant
to  Article 8  or otherwise. 

9.5             Tenant s
Use and Occupancy  . Tenant s use and occupancy of the Premises and the Property and use by all Tenant Parties, and
all Tenant s and said parties  furnishings, fixtures, equipment, improvements, materials, supplies, inventory, effects
and property of every kind, nature and description which, during the continuance of this Lease or any occupancy of the Premises
by Tenant or anyone claiming under Tenant, may be in, on or about the Premises, shall be at Tenant s and said parties 
sole risk and hazard. To the extent permitted pursuant to Applicable Law, Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant or any other party
for injury to or death of any person or damage to or destruction of any property in, on or about the Premises, nor for any interruption
in Tenant s use of the Premises or the conduct of its business therein, nor for any other losses, damages, costs, expenses
or liabilities whatsoever, including without limitation where caused by fire, water, explosion, collapse, the leakage or bursting
of water, steam, or other pipes, any environmental or other condition in, on, or about the Premises, or any other event, occurrence,
condition or cause, except to the extent caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord, its agents, employees or contractors.
It is Tenant s responsibility to maintain insurance against any such loss or casualty. 

9.6             Waiver
of Subrogation Rights  . 

9.6.1            Mutual
Waiver . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Lease to the contrary, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree and hereby waive
any and all rights of recovery against each other for loss or damage occurring to the Premises or the Property or any of Landlord s
or Tenant s Property contained therein regardless of the cause of such loss or damage to the extent that the loss or damage
is covered by the injured party s insurance or the insurance the injured party is required to carry under this Lease, whichever
is greater (without regard to any deductible provision in any policy). This waiver does not apply to claims caused by a party s
willful misconduct. This waiver also applies to each party s directors, officers, employees, shareholders, and agents. 

9.6.2            Insurance
Policy Coverage . Each party will assure that its insurance permits waiver of liability and contains a waiver of subrogation.
Each party shall secure an appropriate clause in, or an endorsement to, each insurance policy obtained by or required to be obtained
by Landlord or Tenant, as the case may be, under this Lease, pursuant to which the insurance company: (a) waives any right of subrogation
against Landlord or Tenant as the same may be applicable, or (b) permits Landlord or Tenant, prior to any loss to agree to waive
any claim it might have against the other without invalidating the coverage under the insurance policy. If, at any time, the insurance
carrier of either party refuses to write (and no other insurance carrier licensed in Massachusetts will write) insurance policies
which consent to or permit such release of liability, then such party shall notify the other party and upon the giving of such
notice, this  Section 9.6.2  shall be void and of no effect. 

19   

ARTICLE 10           CASUALTY  

10.1           Damage
or Destruction  . 

10.1.1            Landlord s
Repair Obligation . Tenant shall give prompt notice to Landlord of any damage by fire or other casualty (a   Casualty  )
to the Premises or any portion thereof. During the thirty (30)-day period following the occurrence of a Casualty (the   Notice
Period  ), Landlord will notify Tenant of Landlord s estimate (the   Landlord s Estimate  )
of the period of time required to complete the restoration work. In the event that the Premises, or any part thereof, or access
thereto, shall be so damaged or destroyed by fire or other insured Casualty that the Tenant shall not have reasonably convenient
access to the Premises or any material portion of the Premises shall thereby be otherwise rendered unfit for use and occupancy
by the Tenant for the purposes set forth in  Section 7.1 , and if in the judgment of the Landlord the damage or destruction
may be repaired within three hundred sixty five (365) days with available insurance proceeds, then the Landlord shall so notify
the Tenant and shall repair such damage or destruction as provided in  Section 10.4  hereof with reasonable diligence, subject
to the limitations, if any, of Applicable Laws. If in the judgment of the Landlord the Premises, or means of access thereto, cannot
be repaired within two hundred seventy (270) days after the elapse of the Notice Period with available insurance proceeds, then
either party shall have the right to terminate the term of this Lease by giving written notice of such termination to the other
party within the period of thirty (30) to forty-five (45) days after the occurrence of the Casualty. If the reconstruction period
estimated by Landlord is more than two hundred seventy (270) days and neither party terminates this Lease on account thereof, Landlord
shall repair such damage or destruction as provided in  Section 10.4  hereof with reasonable deliveries subject to the limitations,
if any, of Applicable Laws to be the period so estimated by Landlord. 

10.1.2            Failure
to Complete Repairs; Rights of Termination . If Landlord is obligated, or elects to repair the damage to the Premises and fails
to substantially complete the repairs within the longer of the period of time required or permitted by this  Section 10.1 
or the time set forth in Landlord s Estimate plus a contingency period equal to 10% of the time set forth in Landlord s
Estimate (as the same may be reasonably extended due to any delay caused by Force Majeure) (the   Reconstruction Period  )
then, Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease by delivery of written notice to Landlord not later than ten (10) days
following the end of the Reconstruction Period. 

10.2           Abatement
of Rent  . Base Rent and Additional Rent shall not be abated or suspended if, following any Casualty, Tenant shall continue
to have reasonably convenient access to the Premises and the Premises are not rendered unfit for use and occupancy. If Tenant shall
not have reasonably convenient access to the Premises or any portion of the Premises shall be otherwise rendered unfit for use
and occupancy by the Tenant for the purposes set forth in  Section 7.1  by reason of such Casualty, then Rent shall be equitably
suspended or abated relative to the portion of the Premises that cannot be used by Tenant for any of its business operations, effective
as of the date of the Casualty until Landlord has (a) substantially completed the repair of the Premises and the means of access
thereto, and (b) has delivered notice thereof to Tenant. 

10.3           Events
of Termination  . Notwithstanding the provisions of this  Article 10 , if, prior to or during the Term the Property
shall be so damaged by Casualty that, in Landlord s reasonable estimate, the cost to repair the damage will be more than
twenty-five percent (25%) of the replacement value of the Building or the buildings located at the Property immediately prior to
the occurrence of the Casualty (whether or not the Premises shall have been damaged or rendered untenantable), then, in any of
such events, Landlord, may give to Tenant, within ninety (90) days after such Casualty, a sixty (60) days  notice of the
termination of this Lease and, in the event such notice is given, this Lease and the term shall terminate upon the expiration of
such sixty (60) days with the same effect as if such date were the Expiration Date. If more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the
gross rentable area of the Premises shall be wholly or substantially damaged or destroyed by Casualty at any time during the last
six (6) months of the Term, either Landlord or Tenant may terminate this Lease by delivery of written notice of such termination
to the other party within thirty (30) days after the occurrence of such damage. 

10.4           Scope
of Landlord s Repairs  . In the event Landlord elects or shall be obligated to repair or restore any damage or destruction
to the Premises pursuant to this  Article 10 , Landlord shall not be obligated to restore or replace Tenant s Property
or Tenant s Alterations or reconstruct the Finish Work except such building standard Finish Work. No damages, compensation
or claim shall be payable by the Landlord to Tenant, or any other person, by reason of inconvenience, loss of business or annoyance
arising from any damage or destruction, or any repair thereof, as is referred to in this  Article 10 . 

20   

ARTICLE 11           CONDEMNATION  

11.1           Entire
Condemnation  . In the event that the whole of the Premises shall be taken under the power of eminent domain or by any proceeding
for taking for public or quasi-public use (a   Condemnation  ), this Lease and the term and estate hereby granted
shall automatically terminate as of the earlier of the date of the vesting of title or the date of dispossession of Tenant as a
result of such taking. 

11.2           Partial
Condemnation  . 

11.2.1            Effect
of Partial Condemnation . In the event that only a part of the Premises shall be taken by Condemnation and the remaining Premises
are suitable for general office use without material interference with Tenant s business operations and Tenant shall have
reasonable, convenient access to and from the Premises, the Term shall expire as to that portion of the Premises condemned effective
as of the date of the vesting of title in the condemning authority, and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect as to
the part of the Premises not so taken. In the event of a partial Condemnation of the Premises which results in a lack of reasonable,
convenient access to and from the Premises or which results in insufficient space for Tenant to carry on its business without material
interference with its business, Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease if Landlord cannot relocate Tenant to comparable
space elsewhere in the Property following the effective date of the Condemnation. 

11.2.2            Landlord s
Option to Terminate . In the event that a part of the Property shall be subject to Condemnation (whether or not the Premises
are affected), Landlord may, at its option, terminate this Lease as of the date of such vesting of title, by notifying Tenant in
writing of such termination within ninety (90) days following the date on which Landlord shall have received notice of the vesting
of title in the condemning authority if in Landlord s reasonable opinion: (a) a substantial alteration or reconstruction
of the Property (or any portion thereof) shall be necessary or appropriate, or (b) the portion of the Property so condemned has
the effect of rendering the remainder of the Property uneconomic to maintain. 

11.2.3            Landlord s
Repair Obligations . In the event that this Lease is not terminated in accordance with  Subsection 11.2.2  hereof, Landlord
shall, upon receipt of the award in condemnation, make all necessary repairs or alterations to the Building in which the Premises
are located so as to constitute the remaining Premises a complete architectural unit to the extent feasible and permitted by applicable
law, but Landlord shall not be required to spend for such work an amount in excess of the amount received by Landlord as damages
for the part of the Premises so taken.  Amount received by Landlord  shall mean that part of the award in condemnation
which is free and clear to Landlord of any collection by Mortgagees and after payment of all costs involved in collection, including
but not limited to attorney s fees. Tenant, at its own cost and expense shall, restore all exterior signs, trade fixtures,
equipment, furniture, furnishings and other installations of personalty of Tenant which are not taken to as near its former condition
as the circumstances will permit. In the event of a partial taking, all provisions of this Lease shall remain in full force and
effect. 

11.3           Temporary
Taking  . If there is a taking of the Premises for temporary use arising out of a temporary emergency or other temporary
situation, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, and Tenant shall continue to comply with Tenant s obligations
under this Lease, except to the extent compliance shall be rendered impossible or impracticable by reason of the taking, and Tenant
shall be entitled to the award for its leasehold interest. 

11.4           Condemnation
Awards  . Except as provided in the preceding  Section 11.3 , Landlord shall be entitled to the entire award in any
condemnation proceeding or other proceeding for taking for public or quasi-public use, including, without limitation, any award
made for the value of the leasehold estate created by this Lease. No award for any partial or entire taking shall be apportioned,
and Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord any award that may be made in such condemnation or other taking, together with any and all
rights of Tenant now or hereafter arising in or to same or any part thereof;  provided ,  however , that nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to give Landlord any interest in or to require Tenant to assign to Landlord any award made to Tenant specifically
for its relocation expenses or the taking of Tenant s Property provided that such award does not diminish or reduce the amount
of the award payable to Landlord. 

21   

11.5           Proration  .
In the event of a partial condemnation or other taking that does not result in a termination of this Lease as to the entire Premises,
then the Base Rent and Tenant s Share shall be adjusted in proportion to that portion of the Premises taken by such condemnation
or other taking. 

ARTICLE 12           ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING  

12.1           Assignment
and Subletting  . Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of the Landlord, assign, mortgage, encumber or otherwise
transfer this Lease or any interest herein directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, or sublet the Premises or
any part thereof, or permit the use or occupancy of the Premises by any party other than Tenant (any such action, a   Transfer  ).
If at any time or from time to time during the Term, when no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Tenant desires to
effect a Transfer, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord written notice (  Transfer Notice  ) setting forth the terms
of the proposed Transfer and the identity of the proposed assignee, sublessee or other transferee (each, a   Transferee  ).
Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay its consent to any assignment of this Lease or sublet of the Premises,
subject to the conditions of this Article 12. Tenant shall also deliver to Landlord with the Transfer Notice an acceptable assumption
agreement for Tenant's obligations under this Lease (in the case where the Transfer is a proposed assignment of this Lease) together
with all relevant information reasonably requested by Landlord concerning the proposed Transferee to assist Landlord in making
an informed judgment regarding the Transferee s proposed use of the Premises (which use must be permitted by Applicable Laws),
and the financial responsibility, creditworthiness, reputation, and business experience of the Transferee. The provisions of this
 Section 12.1  shall apply to a Transfer (by one or more Transfers) of a controlling portion of or interest in the stock or
partnership or membership interests or other evidences of equity interests of Tenant as if such Transfer were an assignment of
this Lease;  provided   that  if equity interests in Tenant at any time are or become traded on a public stock exchange,
the transfer of equity interests in Tenant on a public stock exchange shall not be deemed an assignment within the meaning of this
 Section 12.1 . 

12.2           Landlord's
Options  . Landlord shall have the option, exercisable by written notice delivered to Tenant within thirty (30) days after
Landlord's receipt of a Transfer Notice accompanied by the other information described in  Section 12.1 , to: (a) permit Tenant
to Transfer the Premises; or (b) disapprove the Tenant's Transfer of the Premises and to continue the Lease in full force and effect
as to the entire Premises; or (c) in the event that any such Transfer impacts forty percent (40%) or less of the rentable square
footage of the Premises for a period of three (3) years or more, terminate the Lease as to the portion of the Premises affected
by the Transfer as of the date set forth in Landlord's notice of exercise of such option, which date shall not be less than thirty
(30) days nor more than ninety (90) days following the giving of such notice; or (d) in the event that any such Transfer impacts
forty percent (40%) or more of the rentable square footage of the Premises for the remainder of the Term, terminate the Lease (a
  Recapture  ) as of the date set forth in Landlord s notice of exercise of such option, which date shall
not be less than sixty (60) days nor more than ninety (90) days following the giving of such notice; provided, however, that Tenant
may, prior to the delivery of a Transfer Notice, request in writing designating the affected area of the Premises, identifying
the prospective subtenant, and providing such other information as Landlord may reasonably request, whether Landlord will exercise
a Recapture of the Premises (a   Recapture Notice  ) and Landlord shall notify Tenant whether it shall Recapture
the Premises within ten (10) business days of receipt of the Recapture Notice (or if later, the receipt of such information). If
Landlord approves of the proposed Transfer pursuant to  Section 12.1  above, Tenant may enter into the proposed Transfer with
such proposed Transferee subject to the following conditions: (i) the Transfer shall be on the same terms set forth in the Transfer
Notice; and (ii) no Transfer shall be valid and no Transferee shall take possession of the Premises until an executed counterpart
of the assignment, sublease or other instrument effecting the Transfer (in the form approved by Landlord) has been delivered to
Landlord pursuant to which the Transferee shall expressly assume all of Tenant's obligations under this Lease (provided that, for
a subtenant, the rental obligations shall be governed by the terms of the applicable sublease). 

22   

If Landlord exercises its option to terminate
this Lease (or in the case of a partial sublet to release Tenant with respect to a portion of the Premises), Tenant shall surrender
possession of such Premises on the date set forth in Landlord's notice, and thereafter neither Landlord nor Tenant shall have any
further liability with respect thereto. If this Lease shall be terminated as to a portion of the Premises only, Rent and Tenant's
parking allocation shall be readjusted proportionately according to the ratio that the number of square feet and the portion of
the space surrendered compares to the floor area of Tenant's Premises during the Term of the proposed sublet.      

12.3           Additional
Conditions  . Tenant shall not offer to make, or enter into negotiations with respect to any Transfer to: (a) any tenant
of the Property or any entity owned by, or under the common control of, whether directly or indirectly, a tenant in the Property
unless there is no competing space then available for leases therein; or (b) any bona fide prospective tenant with whom Landlord
is then negotiating with respect to other space in the Property; or (c) any party which would be of such type, character, or condition
as to be inappropriate as a tenant for the Property. It shall not be unreasonable for Landlord to disapprove any proposed assignment
or any proposed sublet of 75% or more of the Premises to any of the foregoing entities or to an entity that does not have at least
equal financial strength to Tenant s as of the date of this Lease. Tenant shall be permitted to list or advertise the Premises
for assignment or sublease, whether through a broker, agent or representative, or otherwise so long as such advertisement does
not list a rental rate. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, Tenant shall be permitted to provide a rental rate on a confidential
basis in response to inquiries. Furthermore, Landlord shall not be deemed to be unreasonably withholding its consent to any proposed
Transfer if: 

(i)          the
character of the business to be conducted or the proposed use of the Premises by the proposed subtenant or assignee shall (A) be
likely to materially increase Landlord s Operating Expenses; (B) be likely to materially increase the burden on elevators
or other Building systems; or (C) violate or be likely to violate any provisions or restrictions contained herein relating to the
use or occupancy of the Premises; or 

(ii)         due
to the identity or business of a proposed assignee or subtenant, such approval would cause Landlord to be in violation of any covenant
or restriction contained in another lease or other agreement affecting space elsewhere in the Property. 

12.4           No
Release  . Landlord's consent to a Transfer or any Transfer permitted without Landlord s consent shall not release
Tenant of Tenant's obligations under this Lease and this Lease and all of the obligations of Tenant under this Lease shall continue
in full force and effect as the obligations of a principal (and not as the obligations of a guarantor or surety). From and after
any Transfer, the Lease obligations of the Transferee and of the original Tenant named in this Lease shall be joint and several.
No acceptance of Rent by Landlord from or recognition in any way of the occupancy of the Premises by a Transferee shall be deemed
a consent to such Transfer, or a release of Tenant from direct and primary liability for the further performance of Tenant's covenants
hereunder. The consent by Landlord to a particular Transfer shall not relieve Tenant from the requirement of obtaining the consent
of Landlord to any further Transfer. Each violation of any of the covenants, agreements, terms or conditions of this Lease, whether
by act or omission, by any of Tenant's permitted Transferees, shall constitute a violation thereof by Tenant. In the event of default
by any Transferee of Tenant or any successor of Tenant in the performance of any of the terms hereof, Landlord may proceed directly
against Tenant without the necessity of exhausting remedies against such Transferee or successor. 

12.5           Transfer
Profit  . Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, an amount (the   Transfer Profit  ) equal to
fifty percent (50%) of any rent and other economic consideration received by Tenant as a result of any Transfer (other than Permitted
Transfers) which exceeds, in the aggregate: (a) the total of the remaining rent which Tenant is obligated to pay Landlord under
this Lease (prorated to reflect obligations allocable to any portion of the Premises subleased)  plus  (b) any reasonable
tenant fit-up costs, brokerage commissions and attorneys' fees actually paid by Tenant in connection with such Transfer amortized
on a straight-line basis over the term of the Transfer (specifically excluding moving or relocation costs paid to the Transferee
and any rent abatement provided to the Transferee). Tenant shall pay such Transfer Profit to Landlord on a monthly basis within
ten (10) days after receipt thereof, without affecting or reducing any other obligations of Tenant hereunder. Each such payment
shall be sent with a detailed statement. Landlord shall have the right to audit Tenant's books and records to verify the accuracy
of the detailed statement. 

23   

12.6           Permitted
Transfers  . Notwithstanding the above, provided Tenant is not in default of this Lease, then Tenant shall have the right
to assign this Lease or sublet the Premises without Landlord s consent (a   Permitted Transfer  ), but with
no less than thirty (30) days  prior notice to Landlord, to (i) any person that as of the date of determination and at all
times thereafter directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with Tenant, or (ii) any entity into or with which Tenant is merged or consolidated, or to which all or substantially all of Tenant s
assets are transferred (any of the foregoing, an   Affiliated Company  );  provided ,  however , that
in any such event: (i) use of the Premises shall be for the Permitted Use; (ii) the assignee shall be at least as creditworthy
as the original Tenant as of the date of execution of this Lease, and Landlord has been provided with financial statements or evidence
otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Landlord of the same; (iii) any such assignment shall be for an independent business purpose
and not a means to circumvent the provisions of this  Article 12 , and (iv) the purpose or result of such Transfer shall not
be to liquidate or substantially reduce the net worth of Tenant or such assignee. For the purposes of this  Section 12.6 ,
the term  control  shall mean the direct or indirect ownership of 50% or more of an entity and the ability to control
the day-to-day operations of such entity whether through the board of directors or otherwise. 

ARTICLE 13           DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES  

13.1           Events
of Default  . The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an event of default (each an   Event
of Default  ) hereunder: 

13.1.1            Nonpayment
of Base Rent or Additional Rent . Failure by Tenant to pay any installment of Base Rent, Additional Rent or any other amount,
deposit, reimbursement or sum due and payable hereunder, upon the date when said payment is due;  provided ,  however ,
on the first two (2) occasions only during any Lease Year with respect to Base Rent, Landlord shall furnish Tenant with written
notice of such failure and permit Tenant a five (5)-day period to cure such failure. 

13.1.2            Certain
Obligations . Failure by Tenant to perform, observe or comply with any non-monetary obligation contained in  Section 4.6 
(  Security Deposit  ),  Section 7.5  (  No Liens  ) and  Article 12  (  Assignment
and Subletting  ) of this Lease. 

13.1.3            Other
Obligations . Failure by Tenant to perform any non-monetary obligation, agreement or covenant under this Lease other than those
matters specified in  Subsection 13.1.2 , and such failure continues for thirty (30) days after written notice by Landlord
to Tenant of such failure;  provided ,  however , that if the nature of Tenant's obligation is such that more than thirty
(30) days are required for performance, then Tenant shall not be in default if Tenant commences performance within such thirty
(30)-day period and thereafter diligently and continuously prosecutes the same to completion within ninety (90) days following
the date of Landlord's written notice with respect to such failure. 

13.1.4            Assignment;
Receivership; Attachment . (a) The making by Tenant of any arrangement or assignment for the benefit of creditors; (b) the appointment
of a trustee or receiver to take possession of substantially all of Tenant's assets located at the Premises or of Tenant's interest
in this Lease, where possession is not restored to Tenant within thirty (30) days; or (iii) the attachment, execution, or other
judicial seizure of substantially all of Tenant's assets located at the Premises or of Tenant's interest in this Lease, where such
seizure is not discharged within thirty (30) days. 

13.1.5            Bankruptcy .
The admission by Tenant or Tenant's guarantor (if any) in writing of its inability to pay its debts as they become due, the filing
by Tenant or Tenant's guarantor (if any) of a petition in bankruptcy seeking any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment,
liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under any present or future statute, law or regulation, the filing by Tenant or Tenant's
guarantor (if any) of an answer admitting or failing timely to contest a material allegation of a petition filed against Tenant
or Tenant's guarantor (if any) in any such proceeding or, if within sixty (60) days after the commencement of any proceeding against
Tenant or Tenant's guarantor (if any) seeking any involuntary reorganization, or arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation,
dissolution or similar relief under any present or future statute, law or regulation by any of Tenant's creditors or such guarantor's
creditors, such proceeding shall not have been dismissed. 

24   

13.1.6            Abandonment .
Abandonment of the Premises by Tenant for a continuous period in excess of thirty (30) days. 

13.2           Remedies  .
If an Event of Default occurs, Landlord shall have the following rights and remedies, in addition to any and all other rights or
remedies available to Landlord in law or equity: 

13.2.1            Notice
to Quit . Landlord shall have the right to deliver written notice to Tenant to quit possession and occupancy of the Premises
and to declare the Lease terminated. Upon Landlord s termination of this Lease, Tenant shall quit and peaceably surrender
the Premises, and all portions thereof, to Landlord, and Landlord shall have the right to receive all rental and other income of
and from the same. At Landlord s election, any written notice of default may also be designated a notice to quit (provided
that nothing in this sentence shall be deemed to deny Tenant the right to applicable cure periods set forth in  Section 13.1 ,
above). 

13.2.2            Right
of Re-Entry . Landlord shall have the right, with or without terminating this Lease, to re-enter the Premises and take possession
thereof by summary proceeding, eviction, ejectment or otherwise and may dispossess all other persons and property from the Premises.
Tenant s property may be removed and stored in a public warehouse or elsewhere at the cost of and for the account of Tenant.
No re-entry or taking possession of the Premises by Landlord pursuant to this  Subsection 13.2.2  shall be construed as an
election to terminate this Lease unless a written notice of such intention is given to Tenant or unless the termination thereof
is decreed by a court of competent jurisdiction. Tenant thereby waives all statutory rights, including without limitation the right
to a notice to quit, notice before exercise of any prejudgment remedy, and any rights of redemption, all to the extent such rights
may be lawfully waived. 

13.2.3            Recovery
of Rent and Damages . Landlord shall have the right to recover from Tenant all loss of Rent and other payments that Landlord
may incur by reason of termination of the Lease, including, without limitation: (a) all Rent and other sums due and payable by
Tenant as of the date of termination; (b) all Rent that would otherwise be payable for the remainder of the Term in accordance
with the terms of this Lease, as and when due, and Tenant shall indemnify Landlord for the same; (c) all of Landlord s then
unamortized costs of special inducements provided to Tenant (including without limitation rent concessions, tenant construction
allowances, rent waivers, above building standard leasehold improvements, and the like); (d) the costs of collecting amounts due
from Tenant under the Lease and the costs of recovering possession of the Premises (including attorneys fees and litigation costs);
(e) the costs of curing Tenant's defaults existing at or prior to the date of termination; (f) all   Reletting Expenses  
(as defined below); and (g) all Landlord s other reasonable expenditures arising from the termination. Tenant shall reimburse
Landlord for all such items, and the same shall be due and payable immediately from time to time upon notice from Landlord that
an expense has been incurred, without regard to whether the expense was incurred before or after the termination. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, except as set in  Section 2.2  of this Lease, Tenant shall not be liable for any of Landlord s indirect
or consequential damages arising from an Event of Default by Tenant. 

13.2.4            Acceleration
of Future Rentals . Following termination of this Lease, Landlord, at its written election, shall be entitled to receive as
liquidated damages for all Rent that would otherwise be due and payable pursuant to clause (b) of  Subsection 13.2.3 , above,
an amount equal to : (x) a lump sum payment representing the then present value of the amount of Rent that would have been paid
in accordance with this Lease for the remainder of the Term  minus  the then present value of the aggregate fair market rent
and additional charges payable for the Premises for the remainder of the Term (if less than the Rent payable hereunder) estimated
by Landlord as of the date of termination, and taking into account Landlord s reasonable projections of vacancy and time
required to re-lease the Premises; or (y) a lump sum payment equal to one year s Base Rent at the rate applicable under the
Lease at the time of such election. Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant, and Tenant shall pay to Landlord, on demand,
such amount as final damages for Tenant's default with respect to the Rents payable for the remainder of the Term as described
above. In the computation of present value, a discount at the then market discount rate as reasonably determined by Landlord 
 shall be employed. 

25   

13.2.5            Rents
Due After Re-Entry by Landlord . If Landlord re-enters or otherwise takes possession of the Premises without terminating this
Lease (but terminating only Tenant s right of possession in the Premises), then the Lease and Tenant s liabilities
and obligations thereunder shall survive such action. In the event of any such termination of Tenant's right of possession, whether
or not the Premises, or any portion thereof, shall have been relet, Tenant shall pay the Landlord a sum equal to the Rent and any
other charges required to be paid by Tenant up to the time of such termination of such right of possession and thereafter Tenant,
until the end of the Term, shall be liable to Landlord for and shall pay to Landlord: (a) the equivalent of the amount of the Rent
payable under this Lease,  less  (b) the net proceeds of any reletting effected pursuant to the provisions hereof after deducting
all of Landlord's Reletting Expenses. Tenant shall pay such amounts in accordance with the terms of this  Subsection 13.2.5 
as set forth in a written statement thereof from Landlord to Tenant (the   Deficiency  ) to Landlord in monthly
installments on the days on which the Base Rent is payable under this Lease, and Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant
each monthly installment of the Deficiency as the same shall arise. Tenant shall also pay to Landlord upon demand the costs incurred
by Landlord in curing Tenant's defaults existing at or prior to the date of such termination, the cost of recovering possession
of the Premises and the Reletting Expenses. Tenant agrees that Landlord may file suit to recover any sums that become due under
the terms of this Section from time to time, and all reasonable costs and expenses of Landlord, including attorneys' fees and costs
incurred in connection with such suits shall be payable by Tenant on demand. 

13.2.6            Certain
Terms Defined . For purposes of this  Subsection 13.2.6 ,   Reletting Alterations   shall mean all repairs,
changes, improvements, alterations or additions made by Landlord in or to the Premises to the extent deemed reasonably necessary
by Landlord to prepare the Premises for the re-leasing following an Event of Default; and   Reletting Expenses  
shall mean the reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Landlord in connection with any re-leasing of the Premises following an
Event of Default, including, without limitation, marketing expenses, brokerage commissions, attorneys' fees, the costs of Reletting
Alterations, tenant allowances and other economic concessions provided to the new tenant. 

13.3           Landlord's
Right to Cure Defaults  . If the Tenant shall default in the observance or performance of any condition or covenant on Tenant's
part to be observed or performed under or by virtue of any of the provisions of this Lease, and such default continues beyond any
applicable notice and cure period or Landlord reasonably determines that an emergency exists, the Landlord, without being under
any obligation to do so and without thereby waiving such default, may, after prior notice (except in the event of an emergency)
remedy such default for the account and at the expense of the Tenant. If the Landlord makes any expenditures or incurs any obligations
for the payment of money in connection therewith, including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees in instituting, prosecuting
or defending any action or proceeding, such sums paid or obligation incurred and costs, shall be paid upon demand to the Landlord
by the Tenant as Additional Rent pursuant to  Section 4.4  hereof and if not so paid with interest from its due date until
paid at the lesser of eighteen percent (18%) per annum or the maximum legal rate that Landlord may charge Tenant. 

13.4           Disposition
of Tenant s Property  . In addition to Landlord s rights under  Section 8.4  hereof, Landlord shall have
the right to handle, remove, discard or store in a commercial warehouse or otherwise, at Tenant s sole risk and expense,
any of Tenant s Property that is not removed by Tenant at the end of the Term. Landlord shall in no event be responsible
for the value, preservation or safekeeping thereof. Tenant shall pay to Landlord, upon demand, any and all expenses incurred in
such removal and all storage charges for such property so long as the same shall be in Landlord s possession or under Landlord s
control. 

13.5           Reletting  .
In connection with any reletting of the Premises following an Event of Default, Landlord shall be entitled to grant such rental
and economic concessions and other incentives as may be customary for similar space in the Route 128 North submarket. Subject to
applicable law, Landlord shall not be required to accept any tenant offered by Tenant or observe any instruction given by Tenant
about such reletting or do any act or exercise any care or diligence with respect to such reletting or to the mitigation of damages.
Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, Landlord shall, after any termination of this Lease on account of a Default
of Tenant, use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate its damages by attempting to relet the Premises, for any term(s), and
may grant market concessions or free rent to the extent that Landlord considers reasonably advisable and necessary to relet the
same, and may make such reasonable alterations, repairs and decorations in the Premises as Landlord in its reasonable judgment
considers advisable or necessary for the purpose of reletting the Premises. The making of such alterations, repairs and decorations
shall not operate or be construed to release Tenant from liability hereunder as aforesaid. The marketing of the Premises in a manner
similar to the manner in which Landlord markets other premises within Landlord s control within the Building shall be deemed
to have satisfied Landlord s obligation to use  reasonable efforts  hereunder and in no event shall Landlord
be required to (i) solicit or entertain negotiations with any other prospective tenant for the Premises until Landlord obtains
full and complete possession of the Premises, (ii) relet the Premises before leasing other vacant space in the Building or to show
the Premises on a priority basis, or (iii) lease the Premises for a rental less than the current fair market rent then prevailing
for similar office space in comparable buildings. 

26   

13.6           No
Accord and Satisfaction  . Landlord may collect and receive any rent due from Tenant, and the payment thereof shall not constitute
a waiver of or affect any notice or demand given, suit instituted or judgment obtained by Landlord, or be held to waive, affect,
change, modify or alter the rights or remedies that Landlord has against Tenant in equity, at law, or by virtue of this Lease.
No receipt or acceptance by Landlord from Tenant of less than the monthly rent herein stipulated shall be deemed to be other than
a partial payment on account for any due and unpaid stipulated rent; no endorsement or statement on any check or any letter or
other writing accompanying any check or payment of rent to Landlord shall be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may
accept and negotiate such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord's rights to (a) recover the remaining balance of such
unpaid rent, or (b) pursue any other remedy provided in this Lease. 

13.7           Claims
in Bankruptcy  . Nothing herein shall limit or prejudice the right of Landlord to prove and obtain in proceeding for bankruptcy,
insolvency, arrangement or reorganization by reason of the termination of this Lease, an amount equal to the maximum allowed by
any statute or rule of law in effect at the time when, and governing the proceedings in which, the damages are to be proved, whether
or not the amount is greater, equal to or less than the amount of the loss or damage that Landlord has suffered. Without limiting
any of the provisions of this  Article 13 , if pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code, as the same may be amended, Tenant is permitted
to assign this Lease in disregard of the restrictions contained in  Article 12 , Tenant agrees that adequate assurance of
future performance by the assignee permitted under the Bankruptcy Code shall mean the deposit of cash security with Landlord in
any amount equal to all Rent payable under this Lease for the calendar year preceding the year in which such assignment is intended
to become effective, which deposit shall be held by Landlord, without interest, for the balance of the term as security for the
full and faithful performance of all of the obligations under this Lease on the part of Tenant yet to be performed. If Tenant receives
or is to receive any valuable consideration for such an assignment of this Lease, such consideration, after deducting therefrom
(a) the brokerage commissions, if any, and other expenses reasonably designated by the assignee as paid for the purchase of Tenant's
property in the Premises, shall be and become the sole exclusive property of Landlord and shall be paid over to Landlord directly
by such assignee. In addition, adequate assurance shall mean that any such assignee of this Lease shall have a net worth indicating
said assignee's reasonable ability to pay the Rent, and abide by the terms of this Lease for the remaining portion thereof applying
commercially reasonable standards. 

13.8           Arbitration  .
Any dispute arising out of or relating to  Article 5  of this Lease (with respect to the issues expressly stated therein)
shall be submitted to and determined in binding arbitration under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration
Association. The arbitration shall be conducted before and by a single arbitrator selected by the parties. If the parties have
not selected an arbitrator within thirty (30) days of written demand for arbitration, the arbitrator shall be selected by the Boston
office of the American Arbitration Association pursuant to the then current rules of that Association on application by either
party. The arbitrator shall have authority to fashion such just, equitable and legal relief as he, in his sole discretion, may
determine. The parties agree that the arbitration hearing shall be held within thirty (30) business days following notification
to the parties of the appointment of such arbitrator, and that the arbitration proceedings shall be concluded within thirty (30)
business days following the first scheduled arbitration hearing. Each party shall bear all its own expenses of arbitration and
shall bear equally the costs and expenses of the arbitrator. All arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the City of Boston,
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Landlord and Tenant further agree that they will faithfully observe this agreement and rules, and
that they will abide by and perform any award rendered by the arbitrator and that a judgment of the court having jurisdiction may
be entered upon the award. The duty to arbitrate shall survive the cancellation or termination of this Lease. 

27   

13.9           Waiver
of Trial By Jury  . TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LANDLORD AND TENANT HEREBY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, BROUGHT BY EITHER AGAINST THE OTHER ON ANY MATTER
WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS LEASE, THE RELATIONSHIP OF LANDLORD AND TENANT, OR TENANT'S USE OR
OCCUPANCY OF THE PREMISES, OR ANY SUMMARY PROCESS, EVICTION OR OTHER STATUTORY REMEDY WITH RESPECT THERETO. EACH PARTY HAS BEEN
REPRESENTED BY, AND HAS RECEIVED THE ADVICE OF, LEGAL COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO THIS WAIVER. 

ARTICLE 14           SUBORDINATION; ATTORNMENT
AND RIGHTS OF MORTGAGE HOLDERS  

14.1           Subordination  .
This Lease and all of Tenant s rights hereunder are, and shall be, subject and subordinate at all times to any mortgages
or ground leases (each, a   Mortgage  ) which may now exist or hereafter affect the Property, or any portion thereof,
in any amount, and to all renewals, modifications, consolidations, replacements, and extensions of such Mortgages. This Section
shall be self-operative and no further subordination shall be required. In confirmation of such subordination, Tenant shall promptly
execute, acknowledge and deliver any instrument that Landlord or the holder of any Mortgage or its assigns or successors in interest
(each such holder, a   Mortgagee  ) may reasonably request to evidence such subordination. 

Landlord shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to Tenant a recordable agreement on the standard form then utilized by the holder of
any such Mortgage hereafter affecting the Property by which such Mortgagee shall agree not to disturb Tenant's possession and occupancy
of the Premises or join Tenant in any such action as a party defendant so long as Tenant is not in default in the performance or
observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions contained in the Lease beyond any applicable grace or cure period. Provided,
Landlord s inability to obtain a non-disturbance agreement shall not affect Tenant s subordination agreement herein. 

Landlord and Tenant
confirm and agree that the form of Non-Disturbance Agreement attached hereto as  Exhibit 14.1  is acceptable to Landlord and
Tenant, and Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an agreement in substantially such form from Landlord s
existing Mortgagee following the execution and delivery of this Lease. Provided, Landlord s inability to obtain a signed
non-disturbance agreement from its existing Mortgagee following the execution and delivery of this Lease shall not affect Tenant s
subordination agreement herein. 

14.2           Attornment
by Tenant  . In the event that any such first Mortgage is foreclosed or a conveyance in lieu of foreclosure is made for any
reason, Tenant shall, at the option of the Mortgagee or the grantee or purchaser in foreclosure, notwithstanding any subordination
of any such lien to this Lease, attorn to and become the Tenant of the successor in interest to Landlord at the option of such
successor in interest. Tenant covenants and agrees to execute and deliver, within ten (10) business days following delivery of
request by Landlord, Mortgagee, or by Landlord's successor in interest and in the form reasonably requested by Landlord, Mortgagee,
or by Landlord's successor in interest, any additional documents evidencing the priority or subordination of this Lease with respect
to the lien of any such first Mortgage, which additional documents shall be satisfactory to Landlord, Mortgagee, and Landlord's
successors in interest. 

14.3           Limitation
of Mortgagees' Liability  . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease to the contrary, no holder of any such Mortgage
shall be obligated to perform or liable in damages for failure to perform any of Landlord s obligations under this Lease
unless and until such holder shall foreclose such mortgage or otherwise acquire title to or succeed to the interest of Landlord
in the Property, and then shall only be liable for Landlord s obligations arising or accruing after such foreclosure, succession
or acquisition of title. No such holder shall ever be obligated to perform or be liable in damages for any of Landlord s
obligations arising or accruing before such foreclosure or acquisition of title. Such holder s obligations and liabilities
shall in any event be subject to, and holder shall have the benefit of,  Section 16.15  hereof. Tenant shall never pay the
Base Rent, Additional Rent or any other charge more than ten (10) days prior to the due date thereof, and any payments made by
Tenant in violation of this provision shall be a nullity as to such holder, and Tenant shall remain liable to such holder therefor.
Tenant agrees on request of Landlord to execute and deliver from time to time any reasonable agreement which may be necessary to
implement the provisions of this  Section 14.3 . 

28   

14.4           Estoppel
Certificates  . Tenant shall at any time, and from time to time, upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice from
Landlord execute, acknowledge and deliver to Landlord, to any prospective purchaser, or Mortgagee, a written estoppel certificate
of Tenant in the form attached as  Exhibit 14.4  or any other commercially reasonable form. It is intended that any such certificate
of Tenant delivered pursuant to this  Section 14.4  may be relied upon by Landlord and any prospective purchaser or the Mortgagee
of any part of the Property. 

14.5           Quiet
Enjoyment  . Upon Tenant paying the Base Rent and Additional Rent and performing all of Tenant's obligations under this Lease,
Tenant may peacefully and quietly enjoy the Premises during the Term as against all persons or entities lawfully claiming by or
through Landlord; subject, however, to the provisions of this Lease and to the rights of Landlord's Mortgagee. 

14.6           Mortgagee
Approval  . Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that this Lease is subject to the review and approval of Landlord s Mortgagee
in accordance with the terms of the mortgage loan documents executed by Landlord in connection with its financing of the Property.
Landlord shall submit this Lease to its Mortgagee promptly upon Tenant s execution and delivery of this Lease to Landlord,
and Landlord shall promptly advise Tenant of its Mortgagee s decision. 

ARTICLE 15           NOTICES  

15.1           Manner
of Notice  . 

15.1.1            Notices;
Addresses . All notices, demands and other communications (  notices  ) permitted or required to be given under
this Lease shall be in writing and sent by personal service, telecopy transmission (if a copy thereof is also sent on the same
day by a nationally recognized overnight courier service), certified mail (postage prepaid) return receipt requested or by a nationally
recognized overnight courier service to the following addresses or to such other address as either Landlord or Tenant may designate
as its new address for such purpose by notice given to the other in accordance with the provisions of this  Section 15.1 : 

If to Tenant:  
      Datawatch Corporation   

(prior to  
      271 Mill Road    

Commencement  
      Chelmsford, MA 01824   

Date)  

If to Tenant:  
      at the Premises    

(after  

Commencement  

Date)  

With copies to:  
      Looney Cohen   Aisenberg LLP   

33 Broad Street   

Boston, MA  02109   

Attention:  James H. Cohen   

If to Landlord:  
      DIV Bedford, LLC   

c/o The Davis Companies   

125 High Street, 21 st  Floor   

Boston, MA 02110   

Attention:  Cappy Daume   

With copies to:  
      DIV Bedford, LLC   

c/o The Davis Companies   

125 High Street, 21 st  Floor   

Boston, MA  02110   

Attention:  General Counsel   

15.1.2            Delivery .
Notices shall be deemed to have been given (a) when hand delivered (provided that delivery shall be evidenced by a receipt executed
by or on behalf of the addressee if delivered by personal service) if personal service is used, (b) on the date of transmission
if sent before 4:00 p.m. (Boston time) on a business day when telecopy transmission is used, (c) the sooner of the date of receipt
or the date that is three (3) days after the date of mailing thereof if sent by postage pre-paid registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, and (d) one (1) day after being sent by Federal Express or other reputable overnight courier service
(with delivery evidenced by written receipt) if overnight courier service is used. 

29   

ARTICLE 16           MISCELLANEOUS  

16.1           Brokers  .
Landlord and Tenant warrant to each other that they have had no dealings with any broker, agent or finder in connection with this
Lease except CB Richard Ellis and T3 Advisors (together, the   Brokers  ) and/or representatives of Landlord.
Landlord agrees to pay the commissions due to such brokerage companies pursuant to separate agreements. Both parties hereto agree
to protect, indemnify and hold harmless the other from and against any and all expenses with respect to any compensation, commissions
and charges claimed by any other broker, agent or finder not identified above with respect to this Lease or the negotiation thereof
that is made by reason of any action or agreement by such party. 

16.2           Building
Name  . The Building and the Property may be known by such name as Landlord, in its sole discretion, may elect, and Landlord
shall have the right from time to time to change such designation or name without Tenant's consent upon prior written notice to
Tenant. 

16.3           Authority  .
If Tenant signs as a corporation, limited liability company, or a partnership, or other business entity each person executing this
Lease on behalf of Tenant hereby covenants and warrants that Tenant is a duly authorized and existing entity, that Tenant is duly
qualified to do business in Massachusetts, that Tenant has full right and authority to enter into this Lease, and that each person
signing on behalf of Tenant is duly authorized to do so and that no other signatures are necessary. Upon Landlord's request, Tenant
shall provide Landlord with evidence reasonably satisfactory to Landlord confirming the foregoing covenants and warranties. 

16.4           Interpretation  .
The words  Landlord  and  Tenant  as used herein shall include the plural as well as the singular. The words
used in neuter gender include the masculine and feminine. If there is more than one Tenant, the obligations under this Lease imposed
on Tenant shall be joint and several. The captions preceding the articles of this Lease have been inserted solely as a matter of
convenience and such captions in no way define or limit the scope or intent of any provision of this Lease. This Lease may be executed
in several counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be an
original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 

16.5           Modifications  .
Neither this Lease nor any term or provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally, and no breach thereof
shall be waived, altered or modified, except by a written instrument signed by the party against which the enforcement of the change,
waiver, discharge or termination is sought. Any right to change, waive, discharge, alter or modify, or terminate this Lease shall
be subject to the prior express written consent of Landlord's Mortgagee to the extent required by Landlord s financing documents
and any subordination agreement entered into between Tenant and such Mortgagee. 

16.6           Severability  .
If any provision of this Lease or the application thereof to any person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable,
the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is
invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each provision of this Lease shall be valid and enforceable to the
full extent permitted by law. 

16.7           Entire
Agreement  . Landlord s employees, representatives and agents have no authority to make or agree to make a lease or
any other agreement or undertaking in connection herewith. The submission of this document for examination and negotiation does
not constitute an offer to lease, or a reservation of, or option for, the Premises, and this document shall be effective and binding
only upon the execution and delivery hereof by both Landlord and Tenant. This Lease, including the Exhibits hereto, which are made
part of this Lease, contain the entire agreement of the parties and all prior negotiations and agreements are merged herein. Neither
Landlord nor Landlord's agents have made any representations or warranties with respect to the Premises, the Building, the Property,
or this Lease except as expressly set forth herein, and no rights, easements or licenses are or shall be acquired by Tenant by
implication or otherwise unless expressly set forth herein. 

30   

16.8           No
Merger  . There shall be no merger of this Lease or of the leasehold estate hereby created with the fee estate in the Premises
or any part thereof by reason of the fact that the same person may acquire or hold, directly or indirectly, this Lease or the leasehold
estate hereby created or any interest in this Lease or in such leasehold estate as well as the fee estate in the leasehold Premises
or any interest in such fee estate. 

16.9           Easements  .
Landlord reserves the right, from time to time, to grant easements and rights, make dedications, agree to restrictions and record
maps affecting the Property as Landlord may deem necessary or desirable, so long as such easements, rights, dedications, restrictions,
and maps do not unreasonably interfere with the use of the Premises by Tenant; and this Lease shall be subordinate to such instruments.
Subject to the provisions of  Article 14 , above, this Lease is subject and subordinate to all matters of record now existing
or hereafter affecting the Property. Tenant specifically acknowledges that the Property is subject to that certain Notice of Activity
and Use Limitation dated October 6, 2011 and recorded at Book 57925, Page 557 of the Middlesex South Registry of Deeds, the provisions
of which are incorporated herein by reference. 

16.10           Bind
and Inure  . The terms, provisions, covenants and conditions contained in this Lease shall bind and inure to the benefit
of Landlord and Tenant, and, except as otherwise provided herein, their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and
assigns. If two or more individuals, corporations, partnerships or other business associations (or any combination of two or more
thereof) shall sign this Lease as Tenant, the liability of each such individual, corporation, partnership or other business association
to pay Rent and perform all other obligations hereunder shall be deemed to be joint and several. All agreements, covenants and
indemnifications contained herein or made in writing pursuant to the terms of this Lease by or on behalf of Tenant shall be deemed
material and shall survive expiration or sooner termination of this Lease. 

16.11           Remedies
Cumulative; No Waiver  . No remedy or election hereunder shall be deemed exclusive, but shall wherever possible, be cumulative
with all other remedies at law or in equity. No waiver of any provision hereof shall be deemed a waiver of any other provision
hereof or of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision. No waiver of any breach shall affect or alter this Lease,
but each and every term, covenant and condition of this Lease shall continue in full force and effect with respect to any other
then existing or subsequent breach thereof. No reference to any specific right or remedy shall preclude the exercise of any other
right or remedy permitted hereunder or that may be available at law or in equity. No failure by Landlord to insist upon the strict
performance of any agreement, term, covenant or condition hereof, or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof,
and no acceptance of full or partial rent during the continuance of any such breach, shall constitute a waiver of any such breach,
agreement, term, covenant or condition. 

16.12           Tenant's
Financial Statements  . Unless Tenant is a publicly traded company, Tenant shall, upon Landlord s request, furnish
Landlord annually, within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of Tenant, copies of the balance sheets of Tenant,
as at the close of such fiscal year, and statements of income and retained earnings of Tenant for such year, prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and, if such is Tenant s normal practice, audited by Tenant's independent certified
public accountants. Landlord shall keep Tenant s financial statements provided by Tenant pursuant to this  Section 16.12 
confidential other than to Landlord s officers, directors, employees, agents, accountants, attorneys, mortgagees, or prospective
mortgagees, or purchasers or prospective purchasers of Landlord s interest in the Building, provided that such recipients
hold such information confidential. Tenant also agrees to furnish to Landlord within ten (10) days following Landlord s written
request therefor (which request shall not be made more than once in any fiscal year unless made in connection with a proposed sale,
financing or re-financing of the Building, re-capitalization of Landlord, or following an Event of Default), copies of such financial
statements identified above as are then available and financial statements for the then current fiscal year prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and on an unaudited basis certified as true and correct by such company s chief
financial officer. 

16.13           Attorney's
Fees  . If on account of any default by Tenant in Tenant's obligations under the terms of this Lease, it becomes necessary
or appropriate for Landlord to employ attorneys or other persons to enforce any of Landlord's rights or remedies hereunder, Tenant
shall pay upon demand as Additional Rent hereunder all reasonable fees of such attorneys and other persons and all other costs
of any kind so incurred. Where the phrase  attorneys  fees,   legal fees  or  legal expenses 
or similar phrases are used, such phrase shall specifically include the fees and expenses of the in-house legal staff of Landlord
and its affiliates. 

31   

16.14           Landlord
Approvals  . Whenever Tenant is required to obtain Landlord s consent hereunder, Tenant agrees to reimburse Landlord
all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Landlord, including reasonable attorney s fees in order to review documentation or
otherwise determine whether to give its consent. Tenant shall pay Landlord s invoice for any such amounts within ten (10)
days following Landlord s delivery of its invoice therefor. Any provision of this Lease which requires the Tenant to obtain
Landlord s consent to any proposed action by Tenant shall not be the basis for an award of damages or give rise to a right
of setoff on Tenant s behalf, but may be the basis for a declaratory judgment or injunction with respect to the matter in
question. 

16.15           Landlord's
Liability  . Tenant shall look only to Landlord s estate in the Property (or the proceeds thereof) for the satisfaction
of Tenant s remedies with respect to any liability, default or obligation of Landlord under this Lease or otherwise regarding
Tenant s leasing, use and occupancy of the Premises pursuant hereto, including without limitation for the collection of any
monetary obligation, judgment or other judicial process requiring the payment of money by Landlord. Neither Landlord nor any of
its members, stockholders, officers, directors, partners, trustees, beneficiaries or employees shall be personally liable hereunder,
nor shall any of its or their property, other than the Property, be subject to levy, execution or other enforcement procedure for
the satisfaction of Tenant s said remedies. Landlord shall not under any circumstances be liable for any special, indirect
or consequential damages of Tenant, including lost profits or revenues. No owner of the Property shall be liable under this Lease
except for breaches of Landlord s obligations occurring while such party owns the Property. 

16.16           Time
of Essence  .  TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE  with respect to the due performance of the terms, covenants and conditions herein
contained;  provided ,  however,  that no delay or failure to enforce any of the provisions herein contained and no conduct
or statement shall waive or affect any of Landlord's rights hereunder. 

16.17           Confidentiality  .
Tenant agrees: (a) to treat the terms of the Lease, and the terms of any existing and future amendments and modifications to the
Lease (the   Confidential Information  ) as confidential during the term of this Lease and for the three (3) year
period following the expiration or sooner termination of the Lease (the   Non-Disclosure Period  ), (b) not to
disclose, directly or indirectly, to any third party nor permit any third party to have access to any or all of such Confidential
Information during the Non-Disclosure Period, including, without limitation, any Property tenants and any brokers (but excluding
Tenant s agents, attorneys and accountants, provided that any disclosures to the same are held subject to the provisions
of this  Section 16.17 ), and (c) to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Landlord from any loss, cost, expense, damage and
liability, including Landlord s reasonable legal fees and expenses, resulting from Tenant s breach of the foregoing
confidentiality agreements. Landlord acknowledges that Tenant shall have the right to disclose such Confidential Information only
to the extent that such disclosure is required by law or court order or by discovery rules in any legal proceeding. Tenant s
agreements and indemnity with respect to the Confidential Information shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the
Lease. 

16.18           Submission  .
Submission of this instrument for examination does not constitute a reservation of or option for lease of the Premises, and it
is not effective as a lease or otherwise until this Lease has been executed by both Landlord and Tenant and a fully executed copy
has been delivered to each. 

16.19           Governing
Law  . This Lease and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

16.20           OFAC
List  . Tenant represents and warrants that it is not listed, nor is it owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf
of any person or entity, on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury, or any other list of persons or entities with whom Landlord is
restricted from doing business with (  OFAC List  ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained,
Tenant shall not permit the Premises or any portion thereof to be used, occupied or operated by or for the benefit of any person
or entity that is on the OFAC List. Tenant shall provide documentary and other evidence of Tenant s identity and ownership
as may be reasonably requested by Landlord at any time to enable Landlord to verify Tenant s identity or to comply with any
legal requirement or applicable laws. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that as a condition to the requirement or effectiveness of
any consent to any Transfer by Landlord pursuant to  Section 12.1 , Tenant shall cause the Transferee, for the benefit of
Landlord, to reaffirm, on behalf of such Transferee, the representations of, and to otherwise comply with the obligations set forth
in, this  Section 16.20 , and it shall be reasonable for Landlord to refuse to consent to a Transfer in the absence of such
reaffirmation and compliance. Tenant agrees that breach of the representations and warranties set forth in this  Section 16.20 
shall at Landlord s election be a default under this Lease for which there shall be no cure. This  Section 16.20  shall
survive the termination or earlier expiration of the Lease. 

32   

16.21           Rent
Not Based On Income  . No rent or other payment in respect of the Premises shall be based in any way upon net income or profits
from the Premises. Tenant may not enter into or permit any sublease or license or other agreement in connection with the Premises
which provides for a rental or other payment based on net income or profit. 

16.22           Force
Majeure  . In the event Landlord shall be delayed or hindered in or prevented from the performance of any act required under
this Lease to be performed by Landlord by reason of strikes, lockouts, labor troubles, inability to procure materials, failure
of power, restricted governmental law or regulations, riots, insurrection, war or other reason of a like nature (collectively,
  Force Majeure  ), then performance of such act shall be excused for the period of the delay, and the period
for the performance of any such act shall be extended for a period equivalent to the period of such delay. 

ARTICLE 17           INTENTIONALLY OMITTED  

ARTICLE 18           RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER  

18.1          Right
of First Offer . Tenant shall have a one-time right of first offer (the   Right of First Offer  ) to lease
certain ROFO Space (hereinafter defined), subject to the terms and conditions of this  Article 18 . 

18.1.1            Notice
Of Availability . At such time as all or any portion of the second floor space in Building 4 at the Property as shown on  Exhibit
18.1.1  hereto (such space, the   ROFO Space  ), becomes  Available  (as hereinafter defined),
Landlord shall give Tenant written notice identifying the applicable portion of the ROFO Space that is Available (the   ROFO
Notice  ). The ROFO Space shall be deemed to become   Available   when any existing lease expires or
terminates and any prior rights to lease any such ROFO Space expire or terminate, such space becomes vacant and Landlord decides
to market such space to other prospective third-party tenants. The ROFO Notice shall set out the terms and conditions stated in
 Subsection 18.1.3  hereof as well as any material economic terms upon which Landlord would at that time offer in good faith
to other possible tenants of the ROFO Space. 

18.1.2            Conditions
to Exercise . In addition to any other terms or conditions set forth herein, Tenant s exercise of its Right of First
Offer is conditioned upon Tenant s compliance with the following requirements: 

(a)          Tenant
delivers to Landlord written notice exercising its right to lease the ROFO Space within ten (10) business days after Tenant s
receipt of the ROFO Notice, it being agreed and acknowledged by the parties hereto that in the event of any failure by Tenant to
timely exercise its right to lease the ROFO Space Landlord shall have the right to lease the ROFO Space to any third party upon
terms acceptable to Landlord and such third party and this Right of First Offer shall terminate; 

(b)          Tenant
is not in default under this Lease beyond all applicable notice and cure periods at the time Landlord gives the ROFO Notice and
at the commencement of the lease of ROFO Space by Tenant; and 

(c)          Tenant
must lease all of the premises then being offered by Landlord in Landlord s notice of availability of the ROFO Space. 

33   

18.1.3            Terms .
Except as expressly set forth in the ROFO Notice, terms and conditions, including, without limitation, the payment by Tenant of
Additional Rent and other charges, shall be the same as set forth in this Lease. 

18.1.4            Documentation .
Within fifteen (15) days of receipt from Landlord, Tenant shall execute and deliver to Landlord those instruments Landlord reasonably
requests to evidence any lease of ROFO Space under this  Article 18 . 

18.1.5            Subordinate .
The rights of Tenant pursuant to this  Article 18  are subject and subordinate to the existing rights of other tenants as
of the date of the Lease and to Landlord s right to renew or extend the term of any then-occupant of the ROFO Space. 

18.1.6.           Personal
to Tenant . The Right of First Offer may not be exercised by, or assigned or otherwise transferred to any person or entity voluntarily
or involuntarily, except the Tenant named in this Lease or in connection with a Permitted Transfer.  The parties hereto agree
that if Tenant assigns any of its interest in this Lease or subleases the entire Premises (or in excess of 40% of the Premises)
to any person other than pursuant to a Permitted Transfer for a period in excess of three (3) years, this Right of First Offer
shall terminate immediately without the need for any act or notice by either party to be effective. 

18.1.7.           Offer
of Part of ROFO Space . In the event that the ROFO Notice identifies less than all of the ROFO Space as being Available, then
the Right of First Offer of Tenant shall continue solely with respect to the ROFO Space that was not offered to Tenant for lease
pursuant to this  Article 18  until such time as all of the ROFO Space has been offered to Tenant in accordance with this
 Article 18 . 

18.2          Termination
of Right of First Offer . The Right of First Offer granted hereby shall expire by its own terms twenty-four (24) months prior
to the expiration of the Term. 

[ remainder of page
left intentionally blank   signatures on following page ] 

34   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Landlord and
Tenant have executed this Lease the day and year first above written. 

LANDLORD :   

DIV BEDFORD, LLC   

a Massachusetts limited liability company   

By:    
      Bedford Manager Corp., a   

Massachusetts corporation   

By:     
      /s/ Richard McCready   

Name: Richard McCready   

Title: President   

TENANT :   

DATAWATCH CORPORATION, a   

Delaware corporation   

By:   
      /s/ James L. Eliason   

Name: James L. Eliason   

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Office   

35   

EXHIBIT 1.1-1  

PLAN OF PREMISES  

36   

EXHIBIT 1.1-2  

LEGAL DESCRIPTION  

4-18 Crosby Drive, Bedford, Massachusetts  

EXHIBIT A  

Legal Description  

Real property at 4-18 Crosby Drive, in the Town of Bedford,
County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, described as follows: 

Parcels 1   2   

A certain parcel of land situated on the westerly side of Crosby
Drive in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, bounded and described as follows: 

Beginning at a point in the
westerly line of Crosby Drive at the most northerly corner of the granted premises at land now or formerly of Beacon Properties
Limited Partnership, thence 

S 16  24'24  E  
      a distance
of Nine Hundred Ninety-Two and Fifty-Four Hundredths feet (992.54') to a point; thence   

S 15  54' 05  E  
      a distance of Two Hundred Twenty-Six and Eight Hundredths feet (226.08') to a point; thence   

S 74  05' 55  W  
      a distance of Twenty-Two and No Hundredths feet (22.00') to a point; thence   

S 15  54' 05  E  
      a distance of Four and Three Hundredths feet (4.03') to a point; thence   

SOUTHERLY  
      and curving to the left along the arc of a curve having a radius of Nine Hundred Seventy and Seventy-Three Hundredths feet (970.73 ), a length on One Hundred Fifty-Nine and Sixty-Nine Hundredths feet (159.69') to a point; thence   

SOUTHERLY  
      and curving to the right along the arc of a curve having a radius of Twenty and No Hundredths feet (20.00'), a length of Thirty-One and Four Hundredths feet (31.04') to a point; the previous six (6) courses being along the westerly line of Crosby Drive; thence   

S 63  35' 55  W  
      a distance of Sixty-Five and Ninety Hundredths feet (65.90') to a point; thence   

WESTERLY  
      and curving to the right along the arc of a curve having a radius of Thirty and No Hundredths Feet (30.00'), a length of Thirty-Five and Fifty-Five Hundredths feet (35.55') to a point; thence   

And curving to the left along the arc of a curve having a radius of Four Hundred Twenty and no hundredths feet (420.00'), a length of Three Hundred Two and Eighty Hundredths feet (302.80') to a point; thence   

N 89 49' 15  W  
      a distance of Two Hundred Ninety-Three and Four Hundredths feet (293.04') to a point; thence   

NORTHWESTERLY  
      and curving to the
    right along the arc of a curve having a radius of One Hundred and No Hundredths feet (100.00'), a length of One Hundred Nineteen
    and Thirty-Six Hundredths feet (119.36') to a point at a Parcel 4; the previous five (5) courses being along the northerly
    line of Crosby Road; thence   

37   

The above described Parcel of land
contains an area of 838,376 square feet, more or less or 19.2465 acres, more or less, and is more particularly shown as Parcel
1   2 on a plan entitled  Plan of Land at 2-14 Crosby Drive, Bedford, Mass (Middlesex County) prepared for Bedford Business
Park Limited Partnership, Scale: 50 feet to an inch, dated Nov. 1, 1996, by the BSC Group, Inc.,  recorded with the Middlesex
South District Registry of Deeds as Plan No. 1246 of 1996. 

Parcel 3   

A certain parcel of land situated
off the northwesterly end of Crosby Road in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts bounded
and described as follows: 

Beginning at a point in the most southerly corner of
the granted premises at the most westerly corner of Parcel 1   2 at Parcel 4; said point being Seven Hundred Eighty-seven and
Seventy-One Hundredths feet (787.71') along the line separating Parcel 1   2 and Parcel 4 from the most northwesterly end of
Crosby Road, thence 

38   

The above described Parcel of land
contains an area of 60,990 square feet, more or less, or 1.4001 acres, more or less, and is more particularly shown as Parcel 3
on a plan entitled  Plan of Land at 2-14 Crosby Drive, Bedford, Mass. (Middlesex County) prepared for Bedford Business Park
Limited Partnership, scale 50 feet to an inch, dated Nov. 1, 1996 by the BSC Group, Inc.  recorded with the Middlesex South
District Registry of Deeds as Plan No. 1246 of 1996. 

Parcel 4   

All of Bedford Business Park Limited Partnership's Right,
Title and Interest in and to the following described Parcel of Land: 

A certain Parcel of land situated on the northwesterly
end of Crosby Road in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, bounded and described as
follows: 

Beginning at a point in the most westerly end of Crosby
Road at the most southerly corner of the granted premises at the easterly line of Route 3; thence 

39   

The above described Parcel of land contains an area
of 46,110 square feet, more or less, or 1,0585 acres, more or less, and is more particularly shown as Parcel 4 on a plan entitled
 Plan of Land at 2-14 Crosby Drive, Bedford, Mass. (Middlesex County) prepared for Bedford Business Park Limited Partnership,
scale 50 feet to an inch, dated Nov. 1, 1996 by the BSC Group, Inc.  recorded with the Middlesex South District Registry of
Deeds as Plan No. 1246 of 1996. 

LESS AND EXCEPT so much of Parcel 4 as was taken by
virtue of Layout No. 7652 and Order of Taking by the Massachusetts Department of Highways, for the alteration of Route 3, dated
September 11, 2002, recorded in Book 36449, Page 166, as shown on Plan No. 998 of 2002, recorded therewith. 

A portion of Parcel 4 is Registered Land as follows:   

One-half Crosby Road opposite Lot
2, but not opposite Lot 1, as shown on a subdivision plan, as approved by the Court, filed in the Land Registration Office for
the South Registry District of the Middlesex County in Registration Book 855, Page 41, with Certificate No. 144991 (Plan No. 31882B). 

Together with benefit of that certain appurtenant easement
as set forth in Easement Agreement by and between MA-Crosby Corporate Center, L.L.C. as Grantor, and Boston Properties Limited
Partnership, as Grantee, dated as of May 7, 2004, recorded in Book 43035, Page 303 and filed as Document No. 1337304. 

40   

EXHIBIT 1.3  

Parking Plan  

41   

EXHIBIT 3.1  

WORK LETTER  

1.  Design and Construction of Finish
Work . Landlord shall cause its architect, Walsh/Cochis Associates, Inc. (  Landlord s Architect  ),
to prepare construction documents for the initial improvements to the Premises substantially consistent with the space plans and
specifications dated June 5, 2015 (  Final Concept Plans  ), the Base Building Construction for Tenant Improvements
dated June 23, 2015that are attached hereto as  Schedule 1.1  and  Schedule 1.2 , respectively (such construction documents,
as they may be modified in accordance with this  Exhibit 3.1 , being referred to herein as the   Construction Plans  ).
The improvements to be performed by Landlord in accordance with the Construction Plans are hereinafter referred to as the   Finish
Work .  It is agreed that construction of the Finish Work is intended to be   turnkey   and will be completed
at Landlord's sole cost and expense (except as otherwise set forth in this  Exhibit 3.1 ) using Building standard methods,
materials and finishes , except as otherwise expressly provided in this  Exhibit 3.1 . Landlord shall enter into a direct
contract for the Finish Work with a general contractor selected by Landlord. In addition, Landlord shall have the right to select
and/or approve of any subcontractors used in connection with the Finish Work. Following receipt of any subcontractor bids, Tenant
shall be advised as to the identity of the bidders and shall be provided with the information in the final bid necessary to substantiate
the amount of add/alternate costs described in the Final Concept Plans (if any). The amount of any increases in the Direct Costs
of the Finish Work on account of the add/alternate items (the   Tenant Add/Alternate Costs  ) shall be paid to
Landlord within 15 days after invoice as Additional Rent. Landlord's supervision or performance of any work for or on behalf of
Tenant shall not be deemed a representation by Landlord that such Construction Plans or the revisions thereto will be adequate
for Tenant's use. 

Tenant understands that time is of the essence
to Landlord in causing the date of Substantial Completion to occur on or before the Target Delivery Date (as defined below). At
all times, Tenant will act promptly (and in any case within three (3) business days unless a longer period of time is specified
herein) on any construction-related questions or matters, including color approvals. Prior to commencing the Finish Work, Landlord
shall provide Tenant with a copy of the Construction Plans for Tenant review and comment and to confirm that the Construction Plans
are substantially consistent with the Final Concept Plans attached hereto as  Schedule 1.1 . Landlord shall endeavor to provide
the Construction Plans to Tenant no later than July 20, 2015 (subject to extension for Tenant Delay and Force Majeure). Tenant
shall provide any comments to the Construction Plans to Landlord within three (3) business days following delivery by Landlord.
Landlord shall respond to such comments by the date that is three (3) business days after the giving of such comments. 

If Tenant shall fail to act in a timely
fashion as required hereunder on any construction-related question or matter, then Tenant s failure shall constitute a Tenant
Delay (as defined in Section 12) and, as set forth in Section 12, Substantial Completion shall be deemed to have occurred
earlier than the actual date thereof by the number of days by which Tenant s action is delayed. 

42   

2.  Late Delivery . Landlord shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to Substantially Complete the Finish Work on or before November 1, 2015 (the   Target
Delivery Date  ). If Landlord does not Substantially Complete the Finish Work by the Target Delivery Date, then it shall
not be deemed a default hereunder and the Lease shall continue in full force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
event that Substantial Completion does not occur by January 1, 2016, subject to extension for Tenant Delay and Force Majeure (
the   Outside Commencement Date  ) then Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement of Base Rent equal to one (1)
day for each day following the Outside Commencement Date until the Commencement Date occurs. 

3.  Change Orders . Tenant shall
have the right to request revisions to the Construction Plans for any Tenant Add/Alternate Costs (any such request for a revision
being referred to as a   Change Order  ) on a form provided or otherwise approved by Landlord. Any such Change
Order shall be prepared by Landlord s Architect at Tenant's sole cost and expense. Promptly upon completion of the revisions,
Landlord shall notify Tenant in writing of the estimated increased cost in the Finish Work, if any, resulting from such Change
Order. Tenant, within three (3) business days, shall notify Landlord in writing whether it desires to proceed with such revisions.
In the absence of such written authorization, Landlord shall have the option to continue work on the Premises disregarding the
requested revision. Tenant shall be responsible for any Tenant Delay in completion of the Premises resulting from any Change Order.
If a Change Order results in an increase in the cost of Finish Work, such increased costs, plus any applicable state sales or
use tax thereon, shall be payable by Tenant within fifteen (15) days of demand. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
all Change Orders shall be subject to the approval of Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed (subject to the immediately following paragraph). 

Landlord has no obligation to approve any
Change Order if, in Landlord s reasonable judgment, such Finish Work (i) would delay completion of the applicable Finish
Work beyond the Target Delivery Date, (ii)  would materially increase the cost of operating the Building or increase the cost
of performing any other work in the Building, (iii) is incompatible with the design, quality, equipment or systems of the
Building, (iv)  would require unusual expense to readapt the Premises to general purpose office, or (v) otherwise does
not comply with the provisions of the Lease (including, without limitation,  Article 8 ). By its execution of the Lease, and
submission of Change Orders, Tenant will be deemed to have approved of such Change Orders. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
herein to the contrary, if any Change Order reasonably specifies a long lead item, such as custom cabinetry or a piece of specialized
equipment, that Landlord reasonably determines could not be delivered and installed in a manner consistent with the completion
of the applicable portion of the Finish Work by the Target Delivery Date, then such long lead item may be completed by Landlord
following the date that all of the Finish Work is Substantially Complete without constituting a Landlord delay. Landlord shall
have the right to make reasonable and non-material changes/field adjustments in and to the Finish Work to the extent that the same
shall be necessary or desirable in order to adjust to actual field conditions or to cause the Finish Work to comply with any applicable
requirements of public authorities and/or requirements of insurance bodies. All changes/field adjustments shall be noted on the
applicable plans or documents, and such plans or documents, as noted with such changes/field adjustments, shall constitute the
final as-built drawings and specifications for the Finish Work. 

43   

4.  Tenant Work for Certificate of
Occupancy . Tenant shall substantially complete, at Tenant s expense, in a timely manner pursuant to Landlord s
construction schedule (the   Construction Schedule  ) as initially provided to Tenant, as the Construction Schedule
may subsequently be revised from time to time by Landlord, the installation of the FF E (as defined below) necessary to obtain
a certificate of occupancy from the Town of Bedford for the Premises at Tenant s sole cost and expense. If Tenant does not
perform such work in a timely manner, then Landlord shall have the right, upon prior written notice to Tenant and a reasonable
opportunity to cure, to do such work as is necessary to obtain the certificate of occupancy at Tenant s expense. Tenant
shall retain the vendors performing the work necessary to install its FF E no later than August 7, 2015, for the purpose of
enabling Landlord to cooperate with Tenant regarding the FF E installation. 

5.  Substantial Completion of the
Finish Work . The Finish Work shall be deemed   Substantially Completed   when Landlord s contractor
or Landlord s Architect certifies to Landlord and Tenant in writing that: (a) the Finish Work has been completed in accordance
with the Construction Plans, subject only to the Final Punchlist (defined below) and other uncompleted elements of construction,
decoration, painting, millwork or other work and mechanical adjustment that will not interfere materially with occupancy by Tenant;
and (b) Landlord has obtained a certificate of occupancy (or its equivalent) from the municipality permitting the lawful use and
occupancy of the Premises for the purposes specified in this Lease; provided, however, that if Landlord is unable to obtain such
certificate of occupancy (or its reasonable equivalent) solely by virtue of the fact that Tenant has not yet completed the installation
of its FF E (defined hereinafter) or for any other reason beyond the reasonable control of Landlord, then the Finish Work
shall be deemed substantially complete upon the certification of Landlord s Architect or contractor as stated in subsection
(a), above, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing. 

6.  Punchlist . On a date or dates
reasonably specified by Landlord, Landlord s Architect, along with Tenant, shall inspect the Finish Work and Landlord shall,
jointly with Tenant, prepare a list of the customary punchlist type items, and any items of a seasonal nature, then remaining
to be completed, which items shall be uncompleted elements of construction, decoration, painting, millwork or other work and mechanical
adjustment that will not interfere materially with occupancy by Tenant (the   Final Punchlist  ). Landlord shall
cause such items to be completed in a diligent manner during regular business hours, but in a manner that will seek to minimize
interruption of Tenant s use and occupancy of the Premises. In any event, Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to complete all punch list work within sixty (60) days (or such longer period as is reasonably required with respect to applicable
items), other than matters that cannot be completed owing to their seasonal nature, and subject to extension for Force Majeure
and Tenant Delays. 

7.  Final Completion; Acceptance by
Tenant . Except for latent defects and uncompleted items of Finish Work specified in the Final Punchlist, Tenant shall be deemed
to have accepted all elements of Finish Work on the Commencement Date. In the case of a dispute concerning the completion of items
of Finish Work specified in the Final Punchlist, such items shall be deemed completed and accepted by Tenant upon the delivery
to Tenant of a certificate of Landlord s Architect or contractor certifying that such items have been completed unless Tenant
disputes the determination of Landlord s Architect that such items have been completed within five (5) days of Tenant s
receipt of such certificate. In the case of latent defects in Finish Work appearing after the Commencement Date, Tenant shall be
deemed to have waived any claim for correction or cure thereof on the date that is eleven (11) months following the Commencement
Date if Tenant has not then given written notice of such defect to Landlord. For the purposes of this Lease,  latent defects 
shall mean defects in the construction of the Landlord Work that are not observable by visible inspection at the time the Final
Punchlist is prepared. Landlord shall cause Landlord s contractor so to remedy, repair or replace any such latent defects
identified by Tenant within such eleven (11) month period, such action to occur as soon as practicable during normal working hours
and so as to avoid any unreasonable interruption of Tenant s use of the Premises. The foregoing shall constitute Landlord s
entire obligation with respect to all latent defects in the Finish Work. 

44   

8.  Tenant Payments For Excess Finish
Work Costs . As used herein,   Excess Finish Work Costs   means any increase in the cost to design and construct
the Finish Work (the   Finish Work Costs  ) resulting from (i) Change Orders requested by Tenant and approved
by Landlord, and/or (ii) Tenant Delay. Landlord shall invoice Tenant for Excess Finish Work Costs as incurred, and Tenant shall
pay Landlord for Excess Finish Work Costs in monthly progress payments. The price for any Excess Finish Work Costs shall be equal
to Landlord s Direct Costs incurred in connection with performing the Finish Work giving rise to the Excess Finish Work
Costs.   Direct Costs   shall mean the total cost payable by Landlord (or its general contractor) to contractors,
subcontractors, materialmen, laborers, etc. (including any portions of such reasonable amounts designated subcontractor's or materialmen's
profit, fee, overhead, and the like), all architect and design fees, life safety testing, additions and modifications, improvements
to the structure and building base systems required to build out the Finish Work solely to the extent attributable to the Excess
Finish Costs (excluding structural improvements to support FF E above and beyond normal and customary office use, which shall
be performed as Alterations subject to the provisions of  Article 8  of the Lease by Tenant if required) plus all costs of
insuring the Finish Work in question and all costs of obtaining permits and inspections required by governmental authorities in
connection with the Finish Work to the extent attributable to the Excess Finish Costs in question. Tenant shall have no right
to object to the cost of any item of Landlord s Direct Costs after the time that Tenant has authorized Landlord to proceed
with any Change Order. Landlord's invoices on account of Excess Finish Work Costs may include any materials and equipment purchased
to be part of Finish Work and stored on the Property or some other location approved by Landlord and all deposits made on the
purchase of such materials and equipment. Direct Costs shall include a fee equal to 4% of the hard cost of constructing the Finish
Work for construction management and supervision by Landlord, which shall not be payable by Tenant except to the extent related
to Change Orders. 

9.  Authorized Representative .
Tim Maynes, of T3 Realty Advisors, Tenant s Authorized Representative, shall have full power and authority to act on behalf
of Tenant on any matters relating to Finish Work. Tenant may name a replacement Authorized Representative from time to time by
written notice to Landlord making reference to this  Exhibit 3.1 . Chris Chandor, Landlord s Authorized Representative,
shall have full power and authority to act on behalf of Landlord on any matters relating to Finish Work. Landlord may name a replacement
Authorized Representative from time to time by written notice to Tenant making reference to this  Exhibit 3.1 . 

45   

10.  Entry Prior to Commencement .
If and as long as Tenant does not interfere in any way with the construction process (by causing disharmony of labor relations
at the Property, scheduling or coordination difficulties, etc.), Tenant may, on a reasonable schedule prepared by Landlord and
incorporated into the Construction Schedule, and at Tenant s sole risk and expense, enter the Premises ten (10) business
days prior to the then anticipated Commencement Date for the purpose of installing Tenant s furniture, fixtures, and equipment
(collectively, the  FF E ) and at an earlier date that is mutually agreeable to Tenant and Landlord to install
its telecommunications or other cabling and wiring. In no event shall the Finish Work include any FF E, the responsibility
of which shall be Tenant s. The provisions of this Section 10 shall apply only during the period prior to the Commencement
Date. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord s ability to obtain a certificate of occupancy for the Premises depends upon the
completion of all or a portion of FF E. The installation of the FF E shall be completed by Tenant no later than the date
that is required for Landlord to Substantially Complete the Finish Work on or before the Target Delivery Date. Prior to the Commencement
Date Tenant shall comply with and perform, and shall cause its employees, agents, contractors, subcontractors, material suppliers
and laborers to comply with and perform, all of Tenant s obligations under this Lease except the obligations to pay Base
Rent and additional charges and other charges and other obligations the performance of which would be clearly incompatible with
the installation of the FF E. Any independent contractor of Tenant (or any employee or agent of Tenant) performing any work
in the Premises prior to the Commencement Date shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions and requirements contained herein.
Neither Tenant nor any Tenant contractor shall interfere (other than in a de minimis manner not affecting the schedule of the Finish
Work or any other work) in any way with construction of, nor damage, the Finish Work or the common areas or other parts of the
Building, and each shall do all things reasonably requested by Landlord to expedite construction of the Finish Work. Without limitation,
Tenant shall require each Tenant contractor to adjust and coordinate any work or installation in or to the Premises to meet the
schedule or requirements of other work being performed by or for Landlord throughout the Building. In all events, Tenant shall
indemnify Landlord in the manner provided in the Lease against any claim, loss or cost arising out of any interference with, or
damage to, the Finish Work or any other work in the Building, or any delay thereto, or any increase in the cost thereof on account
in whole or in part of any act, omission, neglect or default by Tenant or any Tenant contractor. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, to the extent that the commencement or performance of Finish Work is delayed in whole or in part on account of
any act, omission, neglect, or default by Tenant or any Tenant contractor, then such delay shall constitute a Tenant Delay as provided
herein. Any requirements of any such Tenant contractor for services from Landlord or Landlord s contractor, such as hoisting,
electrical or mechanical needs, shall be paid for by Tenant and arranged between such Tenant contractor and Landlord or Landlord s
contractor. Should the work of any Tenant contractor depend on the installed field conditions of any item of Finish Work, such
Tenant contractor shall ascertain such field conditions after installation of such item of Finish Work. Neither Landlord nor Landlord s
contractor shall ever be required or obliged to alter the method, time or manner for performing Finish Work or work elsewhere in
the Building, on account of the work of any such Tenant contractor. Tenant shall cause each Tenant contractor performing work on
the Premises to clean up regularly and remove its debris from the Premises and Building. 

11.  Intentionally Omitted . 

12.  Tenant Delay . 

(a) The period for performance of the Finish
Work shall be extended by the number of days of actual construction delay in achieving substantial completion resulting from any
  Tenant Delay  , meaning any delay in the design or construction of the Finish Work resulting from: 

(i) Tenant s failure to comply with
any of the delivery dates or comment dates contained in the Lease relative to the design, planning, selection of finishes and pricing
for the Finish Work; 

46   

(ii) Tenant s failure to provide response
to requests for information, approvals or disapprovals regarding the Finish Work within five (5) business days after request by
Landlord or its contractors; 

(iii) Tenant s requests for Change
Orders, any Change Order causing a delay(unless in either case (x) Tenant agrees in writing that such work constitutes an   Agreed
Tenant Delay  , and (y) Landlord and Tenant agree in writing to the amount of such Agreed Tenant Delay in writing prior
to the approval of the applicable Change Order, provided that in no event shall Landlord have any obligation to agree to Agreed
Tenant Delays in excess of ten (10) days in the aggregate), or for the inclusion of materials or installations in the construction
of the Finish Work other than building standard items or items with delivery requirements that may have the effect of delaying
the Substantial Completion of the Finish Work beyond the Target Delivery Date; 

(iv) any acts, omissions, non-payment, defaults
or misconduct of Tenant (or its agents, employees, design professionals, contractors, licensees or invitees) with respect to the
construction of the Finish Work; 

(v) any request by Tenant that Landlord delay
the commencement of, or suspend the performance of, any Finish Work; 

(vi) failure of Tenant to complete the installation
of the FF E in accordance with Landlord s Construction Schedule; or 

(vii) any interference with Landlord s
construction of the Finish Work caused by Tenant or its contractors, subcontractors or suppliers. 

(b)  Adjustment of Commencement Date . If Landlord is
unable to substantially complete the Finish Work and deliver possession of the Premises to Tenant on or before the Target Delivery
Date specifically identified in  Section 3.1  of the Lease as a result of any Tenant Delay, the Commencement Date shall be
advanced by the number of days of Tenant Delay experienced by Landlord in order to substantially complete the Finish Work and deliver
the Premises to Tenant. The length of any Tenant Delay shall be the actual number of days that the Finish Work is delayed, unless
such Tenant Delay shall result from Tenant s failure to act within the time periods expressly set forth in this Work Letter,
in which case such Tenant Delay shall be deemed to be one day for each day measured from the date that Tenant was required to act
as set forth herein until Tenant takes the required action. If claiming an acceleration of the Commencement Date hereunder on account
of any Tenant Delay, Landlord shall notify Tenant in writing of Landlord s claimed length of such Tenant Delay(s). Unless
Tenant disputes Landlord s estimate by written notice delivered to Landlord within such two (2) business day period, Landlord s
estimate shall be deemed the conclusive determination of the length of such Tenant Delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties
agree that in the event of any Agreed Tenant Delay, the length of such Tenant Delay shall be as agreed upon in writing by the parties
at the time such Tenant Delay arises. 

47   

13. All disputes between the parties
regarding Tenant Delays and other matters expressly referencing this Section 13 shall be resolved in accordance with this Section
13. Any arbitration decision under this Section 13 shall be enforceable in accordance with applicable law in any court of proper
jurisdiction. A party may not initiate arbitration under this Section 13 without notifying the other party and requesting a meeting
of senior representatives to resolve the dispute. Within five (5) business days following such notice, senior representatives
of Landlord and Tenant that have authority to resolve the dispute shall meet in order to seek a resolution by agreement prior
to the arbitration. If the dispute is not so resolved at the meeting (or if one party does not attend) then either party may initiate
arbitration. Any arbitration conducted pursuant to this Section 13 shall be conducted in expeditious manner as possible to avoid
delays in the construction of the Finish Work. Within ten (10) days after either party or its affiliates requests arbitration
by notice to the other, Landlord and Tenant shall seek to agree to a single arbitrator who is an independent third party real
estate professional with at least twenty (20) years of experience in construction disputes involving multi-tenant, first-class,
office developments that has not worked for either party for the prior five (5) years (a   Qualified Arbitrator  )
and, if they are unable to agree, then a Qualified Arbitrator shall, upon request by wither party, be appointed by the Boston
office of the AAA or successor organization. The arbitrator shall decide the dispute by written decision. The arbitration shall
be conducted in the Boston office of the AAA in accordance with the Fast Track Procedures (regardless of the amount in dispute)
of the Construction Industry Arbitration Rules of the AAA, as modified and/or supplemented by this Section (or any successor organization)
on an expedited basis and shall be concluded, with a decision issued, no later than 10 days after the date that such dispute is
submitted for arbitration. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties. The parties shall comply
with any orders of the arbitrator establishing deadlines for any such proceeding. The fee of the arbitrator shall be paid equally
by the parties. Each party shall pay all other costs incurred by it in connection with the arbitration. 

14. This Exhibit shall not be deemed
applicable to any additional space added to the Premises at any time or from time to time, whether by any options under the Lease
or otherwise, or to any portion of the original Premises or any additions to the Premises in the event of a renewal or extension
of the original Term of the Lease, whether by any options under the Lease or otherwise, unless expressly so provided in the Lease
or any amendment or supplement to the Lease. 

48   

Schedule 1.1  

Final Concept Plans  

49   

Schedule 1.2  

Base Building Construction  

  For Tenant Improvements  

  4 Crosby Drive, Bedford MA  

  Revised 6/23/15  

 1. Demolition:  

 As required per plan. 

2. Interior Partitions:  

 New interior walls shall be constructed of 3-5/8 
x 25 Ga. metal studs at 16  O/C with 1/2  gypsum wallboard on both sides. Walls shall extend to 6  above the ceiling
grid. 

Walls surrounding conference rooms shall be constructed
of 3-5/8  x 25 Ga. metal studs at 16  O/C with one layer of 1/2  gypsum board on each side. Walls to extend to underside
of deck above. Provide acoustical insulation between studs. Glass wall for one main conference room and two secondary meeting rooms,
not to exceed in total 33 linear feet. 

3. Doors, Frames and Hardware:  

 Provide new units as required by
new layout. Exterior, egress, demising, mechanical and stairwell doors to remain. New interior doors shall consist of hollow metal
frames and 3 0  x 7 0 paint grade wooden-veneer doors with passage-set cylindrical hardware. 

One 2 glass side light per office,
small conference room, meeting room; excluding storage, server and other rooms. Glass side lights will have a 1  aluminum
channel on the floor 82  recessed channel at the header. 

4. Ceilings:  

 Provide new Armstrong Cortega Second
Look II 2 x4  ceiling tiles in 15/16  grid throughout all areas not specified as open ceiling. 

Install drywall soffit at transition
to open ceiling areas. 

5. Floor Finishes:  

 Provide new carpet at all open office areas, private
offices and conference rooms, at a cost not to exceed $28 per square yard installed. 

Provide Armstrong Standard Excelon
vinyl floor tile at coffee areas, break rooms, storage rooms, server rooms and labs. 

Provide new 4  vinyl base
on all walls, except where hydronic baseboard heat exists. 

50   

Base Building Construction 

 For Tenant Improvements 

 4 Crosby Drive 

 Revised 6/23/15 

Page 2 

6. Paint:  

 Gypsum board walls throughout all areas shall be painted, and
shall receive one primer and two finish coats of latex eggshell finish paint. 

All doors and frames shall receive a primer and two finish coats
of latex acrylic semi gloss paint. 

Specialty paint or finishes shall be at Tenant cost. 

7. Lighting:  

 Provide new recessed 2x4 direct/indirect Lightolier Alter Classic,
or equal light fixtures with T8 lamps and electronic ballast in all areas in ceiling grid. 

Provide new building standard pendant lighting
in specified open ceiling areas. 

Each room and area shall be individually switched. Provide dual
technology occupancy sensor switches at all private offices, storage rooms and conference rooms. Provide ceiling mounted dual technology
sensors to control open office lighting with wall switch over ride. Provide standard toggle switches at all other areas. 

8. Power:  

 Provide dedicated 20A circuits for tenant s open office work
stations. Allow 6 work stations per 20 A circuit. Power shall be brought down existing columns or via a  power pole . 

Provide 2 duplex receptacles at each private
office. 

Provide 4 duplex receptacles at each conference room. One floor
box for main conference room and up to three additional floor boxes per plan. 

9. HVAC:  

 Existing system diffusers and ductwork will be relocated, with
new ductwork, diffusers, controls   equipment as required by new layouts. VAV and FPT count shall be approximately 1 per every
1,200 USF. 

Existing baseboard hydronic heat to remain. 

10. Plumbing:  

 Provide an ADA compliant stainless steel
sink for one kitchen or breakroom. 

Provide electric hot water heater in ceiling
for one kitchen or breakroom. 

51   

Base Building Construction 

 For Tenant Improvements 

 4 Crosby Drive 

 Revised 6/23/15 

Page 3 

Plumbing for appliances and water purification
systems shall be at Tenant s cost. 

11. Fire Protection:  

 Existing sprinkler system is to
be modified as required by new layouts. 

12. Life Safety:  

 Modify and add to existing emergency lighting (wall
hung), exit signs, fire extinguishers and fire Alarm horn/strobe units as required by new layouts. 

13. Misc:  

 Provide up to 10  linear plastic
laminate clad base and wall cabinets and counter for one kitchen or breakroom. 

Provide one dishwasher. 

Landlord will provide blocking
and electric outlet box for main conference room. 

Blinds will be repaired, cleaned
or replaced as necessary. 

14. Work not included:  

 Installation of telephone and computer
wiring, tel/data outlets. 

Supplemental HVAC system for any
specialty room (e.g. server room). 

Furnishings including desks, chairs
and open office work stations, folding partition walls, and custom millwork. 

 Security equipment and systems. 

Tenant Signage 

Appliances (excluding dishwasher) 

Projection screens or monitors 

52   

Base Building Construction 

 For Tenant Improvements 

 4 Crosby Drive 

 Revised 6/23/15 

Page 4 

Responsibility Matrix  

Category   
         
       Description   
         
       Lessor    
      Cost    
         
       Lessee    
      Cost     
 
      Misc. Metals  
         
      UPS/Structural Support  

X   

Finish Carpentry  
         
      Cabinets and counters in kitchen  
         
      X  

Reception desk  

X   

Adjustable wall shelving  

X   

All other millwork  

X   

Doors/Frames  
         
      Building standard lessee entry  
         
      X  

Hollow metal frame
    and 3 0  x 7 0   paint grade  Wooden-veneer doors  
         
      X  

Welded metal frame  
         
      X  

Stain grade doors  

X   

Interior glass doors  

X   

Glass sidelights  
         
      X  

Hard ware  
         
      Passage leversets  
         
      X  

Locking leversets, interior  

X   

Locking lever sets, lessee entry  
         
      X  

Drywall  
         
      Interior/office partitions to 6  above
    ceiling grid  
         
        X 

Conference
    room partitions to deck above  
         
      X  

Demising
    wall to underside of deck above  
         
      X  

Drywall ceilings  

X   

Drywall
    soffits at transition to open ceiling areas  
         
      X  

53   

Base Building Construction 

 For Tenant Improvements 

 4 Crosby Drive 

 Revised 6/23/15 

Page 5 

Category   
       
       Description   
       
       Lessor   
  Cost   
       
       Lessee   
  Cost    
 
      Acoustic Ceilings  
       
      Building standard
    Armstrong Cortega     Second Look
    II 2 x4  ceiling tiles in all areas not specified as open ceiling   
       
      X  

Insulation above ceiling  

X   

Drywall ceilings in
    offices, reception area,   conference rooms  

X   

Flooring  
       
      Provide carpet at
all open office areas, private offices, and conference rooms, at a   cost
not to exceed $28 per square yard   installed.  
       
      X  

VCT in kitchen area,
    utility room(s)  including storage, copy and IT rooms 
       
      X  

Vinyl base  
       
      X  

Wood base  

X   

Special Flooring  

X   

Wall Finishes  
       
      Paint walls 2 coat latex eggshell  
       
      X  

Paint doors and frames
2 coats latex semi-gloss  
       
      X  

Paint soffits/ceilings  
       
      X  

Wallcovering,
    specialty paint or other   finish  

Wood paneling  

X   

Equipment/Specialties  
       
      Purchase and
    installation of projection  screens 

X   

Purchase and
    installation of  white   boards'  

X   

54   

Base Building Construction 

 For Tenant Improvements 

 4 Crosby Drive 

 Revised 6/23/15 

Page 6 

Category   
       
       Description   
       
     L  essor   
  Cost   
       
       Lessee   
  Cost    

Dishwasher for one kitchen or break room  
       
      X  

Purchase and installation of appliances  

X   

Fire extinguishers  
       
      X  

Interior Lessee signage/Logo  

X   

Folding Partition Walls  

X   

Fire Protection  
       
      Sprinkler loop  
       
      X  

Pre-Action System  

X   

Relocating and adding sprinkler heads  
       
      X  

Electrical  
       
      Recessed office and open area lighting  
       
      X  

Pendant lighting in open ceiling area  
       
      X  

Accent lighting  

X   

One light switch per room/ 2
    per  conference room 
       
      X  

Emergency and exit lighting  
       
      X  

Standard fire alarm devices  
       
      X  

Two duplex receptacles per office  
       
      X  

Four duplex
    receptacles in conference   room(s)  
       
      X  

One quad
    receptacle in kitchenette data   closet and copy room  
       
      X  

One GFI receptacle in kitchenette  
       
      X  

Dedicated outlets for printers and copiers  
       
      X  

Furniture connections (whip)  
       
      X  

55   

Base Building Construction 

 For Tenant Improvements 

 4 Crosby Drive 

 Revised 6/23/15 

Page 7 

Category   
       
       Description   
       
       Lessor   
  Cost   
       
       Lessee   
  Cost    
 
      HVAC  
       
      Re-use, relocate existing ductwork and diffusers.  
       
      X  

Install additional ductwork/distribution, VAVs and FPTs as appropriate for the new layout. 1 per 1,200 USF  
       
      X  

Provide independent units for server or specialty rooms.  

X   

Security  
       
      Keying of Lessee entries  
       
      X  

Card access for tenant entry.  

X   

Interior keying of space  

X   

CCTV  

X   

Telecommunications  
       
      Furniture connections  

X   

Tele/Data/Furniture design  

X   

Hire telephone and data vendor and installation of all Tele/Data equipment  

X   

Cable TV  

X   

Design Sen ices  
       
      Architectural and engineering services for Lessor Scope by Lessor's architect  
       
      X  

Glass wall  
       
      Glass wall for one main conference room and two secondary meeting rooms, not to exceed in total 33 linear feet.  
       
      X  

Plumbing  
       
      Supply or re-use and relocate stainless steel single-bowl sink in one kitchen or brcakroom  
       
      X  

56   

Base Building Construction 

 For Tenant Improvements 

 4 Crosby Drive 

 Revised 6/23/15 

Page 
8 

Category   
       
       Description   
       
       Lessor   
  Cosl   
       
       Lessee   
  Cost    
 
      HVAC  
       
      Re-use, relocate existing ductwork and diffusers.  
       
      X  

Install additional ductwork/distribution. VAVs and FPTs as appropriate for the new layout. 1 per 1,200 USF  
       
      X  

Provide independent units for server or specialty rooms.  

X   

Security  
       
      Keying of Lessee entries  
       
      X  

Card access for tenant entry.  

X   

Interior keying of space  

X   

CCTV  

X   

Telecommunications  
       
      Furniture connections  

X   

Tele/Data/Furniture design  

X   

Hire telephone and data vendor and installation of all Tele/Data equipment  

X   

Cable TV  

X   

Design Services  
       
      Architectural and engineering services for Lessor Scope by Lessor's architect  
       
      X  

Glass wall  
       
      Glass wall for one main conference room and two secondary meeting rooms, not to exceed in total 33 linear feet.  
       
      X  

Plumbing  
       
      Supply or re-use and relocate stainless steel single-bowl sink in one kitchen or breakroom  
       
      X  

57   

EXHIBIT 6.1  

CLEANING SPECIFICATIONS  

CLEANING SPECIFICATIONS  

TENANT AREAS  

Frequency   
       
       Service Description    

Nightly  
       
      Dust sweep hard surfaces flooring.   

Nightly  
       
      Damp mop hard surfaced flooring to remove spills and stains.   

Nightly  
       
      Vacuum carpeted areas and rugs.  Spot dean stains.   

Nightly  
       
      Empty wastepaper baskets and waste receptacles, etc.  Replace plastic liners in wastebaskets,   

Nightly  
       
      Remove waste paper and waste materials to designated area in the building using janitor carriages.   

Nightly  
       
      Dust and wipe clean windowsills, filing cabinets, table, bookcases, shelves and ledges.  Rotating areas of the building to complete dusting all areas weekly.   

Nightly  
       
      Spot clean to remove dirt, finger marks, smudges, etc. from doors, switch plates, light switches, wall and glass areas adjacent to doors, push plates, handles, railing, etc.   

Nightly  
       
      Clean and sanitize drinking fountains and water coolers.   

Weekly  
       
      Dust baseboards, chair rails, trim, molding and other  low-dust  areas.  Rotating areas of the building to complete weekly.   

Once every  

Three Months  
       
      Perform high dusting which includes the following:     

Dust pictures, frames, charts, graphs and similar wall hangings not reached in nightly cleaning.   

Dust partitions, ventilating louvers and vents, walls, trim, etc. not reached in nightly cleaning.   

Dust tops of cabinets, files, etc. not reached in nightly cleaning.   

58   

CLEANING SPECIFICATIONS  

ELEVATOR LOBBIES AND PUBLIC CORRIDORS  

Frequency   
       
       Service Description    

Nightly  
       
      Dust sweep hard surfaced flooring.   

Nightly  
       
      Wash tile flooring.   

Nightly  
       
      Vacuum carpeting.   

Nightly  
       
      Dust baseboards, trim, louvers, pictures, charts, graphs, doors etc. within reach.   

Nightly  
       
      Remove dirt, finger marks, smudges, etc., from doors, door frames, walls switch plates, light switches, glass, push plates, handles, railings, molding, trim, pictures, etc.   

Weekly  
       
      Do high dusting within normal reach.   

MAIN ENTRANCE LOBBY  

Frequency   
       
       Service Description    

Nightly  
       
      Dust sweep and wash hard surfaces flooring.   

Nightly  
       
      Floor mats are to be vacuumed.   

Nightly  
       
      Vacuum carpeting.   

Nightly  
       
      Dust baseboards, trim, louvers, molding, pictures, charts, planters, furnishings, guard stations and all other fixtures.   

Nightly  
       
      Clean and rub down building directory, mail depository and all other decorative metal.   

Nightly  
       
      Clean all entrance door glass.   

Nightly  
       
      Empty and clean all waste receptacles and remove waste material to designated areas in the building.   

59   

CLEANING SPECIFICATIONS  

ELEVATORS  

Frequency   
       
       Service Descriptions    

Nightly  
       
      Floor In elevator cabs will be properly maintained.  If carpeted, vacuum and spot clean; if hard-surfaced, sweep and wash.   

Nightly  
       
      Clean and polish doors, inside and outside.   

Nightly  
       
      Clean elevator saddles, door tracks, etc., keeping them free from dirt and debris: polish regularly as needed.   

Nightly  
       
      Hand clean and polish baseboards, trim, railings, etc.   

Nightly  
       
      Keep walls, panels, etc. dean and free from fingermarks and smudges: polish as needed using appropriate wood or metal polish.   

STAIRWAYS  

Frequency   
       
       Service Descriptions    

Nightly  
       
      Police stairwells and remove trash and debris.   

Weekly  
       
      Sweep stairs and landing: dust handrails, stringers, newels and risers, etc.   

Quarterly  
       
      Wash stairs and landings.   

60   

CLEANING SPECIFICATIONS  

LAVATORIES  

Frequency   
       
       Service Descriptions    

Nightly  
       
      Sweep and wash flooring with approved germicidal detergent solution.   

Nightly  
       
      Wash and polish mirrors, shelves, bright work, etc.  Including flush meters, piping and toilet seat hinges.    

Nightly  
       
      Wash both sides of toilet seats, wash basins, bowls, and urinals with approved germicidal detergent solution.   

Nightly  
       
      Dust and wipe dears partitions, tile walls, dispensers, doors, receptacles, etc. with special attention to areas behind sinks and around urinals, etc., remove graffiti.   

Nightly  
       
      Fill toilet tissue, soap, and towel and sanitary napkin dispensers to full capacity with supplies.   

Nightly  
       
      Empty and clean towel and sanitary disposal receptacles and remove waste material and refuse to a designated area In the building using Janitor carriages.   

Monthly  
       
      Wash partitions, tile walls and enamel painted surfaces with approved germicidal detergent solution.   

61   

CLEANING
SPECIFICATIONS  

Frequency Service Description  

Keep locker rooms, service closets, Janitor closets, etc. in neat and clean condition at all
                                                                              times. 

Employees are to sign in and out for each shift works. 

At the conclusion of all work assignments, lights are to be turned off, doors and windows
                                                                                 closed and locked and premises left In neat and orderly condition. 

Carpet Cleaning Program  

Annually    Rotary shampoo and extract
all common area carpeting including cafeteria       eating area, locker rooms, common
entrances, common lobbies, common hallways, elevators, etc.    

62   

EXHIBIT 7.4  

RULES AND REGULATIONS  

1.  ALL TENANTS are to conduct their businesses in a manner
that shall not unreasonably annoy, disrupt or otherwise interfere with the rights of other tenants in the building. 

2.  At no time and under no circumstances shall Landlord have
any responsibility for the storage or removal of any  medical waste ,  infectious waste ,  hazardous
medical waste ,  hazardous physical waste  as such terms may from time to time be defined in any municipal,
state, or federal statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, or regulations or may apply to Tenant or to the premises demised to Tenant
because of the business, profession or activity carried on in the demised premises by Tenant, Tenant s servants, agents,
employees, invites, or anyone claiming by, through or under Tenant. 

3.  The sidewalks, entrances, passages, elevators, lobbies,
stairways, and halls must not be obstructed or used for any purpose other than ingress to and egress from any leased premises. 

4.  Emergency egress stairway doors may NOT be  propped-open 
for any reason. These stairways are for egress only and the stairway doors may be locked from the stair-side to prevent unwanted
intrusion into the building. 

5.  Tenant shall operate hvac equipment in a manner that is
consistent with standards prescribed by building management. Tenant shall be responsible for any damage which may occur from improper
operation such as leaving a thermostat at its lowest setpoint for an extended period of time causing a coil to freeze. Please
check with building management to confirm proper operating procedures. There are to be  NO  supplemental heaters or heating
elements within tenant spaces. Use of such devices presents a fire hazard. 

6.  High intensity or accent lighting (holiday lighting, candles,
heat lamps, etc.) is  NOT PERMITTED , as it presents fire hazards. 

7.  As required by local ordinances, Lessor shall, from time
to time, test the building s fire control and alarm systems. Lessee shall cooperate in familiarizing its employees with
such fire alarm systems and shall make each of its employees aware of the fire exits within the Premises and shall cooperate with
any fire drills, systems, test, inspections and/or repairs as may be required from time to time. 

8.  Building access, Loading Area access and transportation
of materials, equipment, furniture, or supplies into and/or through the building must be scheduled, through the Management Office
or Tenant Services Coordinator, to take place during non-business hours. (See  LOADING AREA RULES   REGULATIONS ,
below) 

9.  Any equipment, computers, furniture, or items being removed
from the building must be accompanied by a Property Removal Request (i.e., on tenant s letterhead, with authorization evidenced
by tenant s Office Manager s signature) 

10.  Each tenant must provide the Property Management Office
with a key to access its suite(s). Each key will be kept, by the Property Manager, in a secure, locked, key box. Each time a suite
is re-keyed, a new key must be provided to the Property Management Office. Whenever possible please notify Management Office prior
to re-keying so building key systems can be maintained. 

63   

No additional locks or bolts of any kind shall be placed
upon any of the doors or windows by Tenant, nor shall any changes be made in existing locks or the mechanism thereof without the
prior written consent of the Landlord, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Tenant must, upon the termination of its tenancy,
restore to Landlord all keys of stores, shops, booths, stands, offices and toilet rooms, either furnished to or otherwise procured
by Tenant; and in the event of the loss of any keys so furnished, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the cost thereof. 

11.  There are no animals/pets of any kind (leashed, caged,
muzzled) allowed into the building, with exception for service animals. 

12.  To avoid damage to the building s plumbing system
or to prevent plumbing blockages, restroom trash receptacles (and NOT the toilets) are to be used for disposing of all paper towels,
sanitary napkins, and objects foreign to toilet/plumbing systems. Damage resulting to any such fixtures or appliances from misuse
by Tenant or its agents, employees, or invitees, shall be paid for by Tenant, and Landlord shall not in any case be responsible
therefore. 

13.  Parking in Fire Lanes, except for medical and emergency
vehicles is PROHIBITED BY LAW. All other vehicles are subject to being towed at the owner s expense. 

14.  All plans for proposed improvements to a tenant s
demised premises and any contractor proposed by a tenant must be approved in advance by Davis Management Co. (See Construction
Rules.) 

15.  No Tenant may display any type of advertisements that would
alienate site visitors or customers from another tenant s business. 

16.  Construction Rules and Regulations must be adhered to through
the construction/improvement process (plan approval, permitting, insurance, delivery   construction scheduling, building access,
alarm shut downs, inspections, and occupancy permit).  See separate Construction Rules   Regulations.  

17.  No trash or debris can be stored within tenant areas that
might result in rodent infestation. All food, fluid, or wet trash must be disposed of in the site trash compactor at the close
of business each day. All trash and debris generated by Retail Tenants must be disposed of appropriately in the trash compactor. 

18.  No Lessee shall mark, paint, drill into, or in any way
deface any part of the Demised Premises or the building of which they form a part. No boring, cutting, or stringing of wires shall
be permitted, except with the prior written consent of the Lessor, and as the Lessor may direct. 

19.  No space in the building, except as provided in individual
leases, shall be used for manufacturing, for the storage of merchandise, or for the sale of merchandise, goods, or property of
any kind at auction. 

20.  Delivery carts, hand trucks and similar devices must be
properly equipped with rubber tires and protective guards. Lessee shall be held strictly responsible for any damage to the Premises
caused by Lessee s vendors, suppliers, agents or delivery services. 

21.  No Lessee shall occupy or permit any portion of the Demised
Premises to be occupied for the possession, storage, manufacture or sale of liquor, narcotics or drugs, or any other illegal substance
of any kind. 

22.  Lessor shall have the right to prohibit any advertising
by any Lessee which, in Lessor s opinion, tends to impair the reputation of the building or its desirability as a building
for offices, and upon written notice from Lessor, Lessee shall refrain from or discontinue such advertising. Lessee shall not
use the name of the building or its owner in any advertising without the express prior written consent of the Lessor. 

64   

23.  No Lessee shall install or permit the installation or use
of any machines dispensing goods for sale, including without limitation foods, beverages, cigarettes or cigars without first
notifying Lessor. 

24.  Canvassing, soliciting and pedaling in the building are
prohibited and each Lessee shall cooperate to prevent the same by notifying the Lessor. Lessor reserves the right to inspect any
parcel or package being removed from the building by Lessee, its employees, representatives and business invitees. 

25.  The main entrance, lobbies, passages, corridors, elevators
and stairways or any exterior portions of the Site shall not be encumbered or obstructed by Tenant, Tenant s agents, servants,
employees, licensees or visitors. The moving in and out of all safes, freight, furniture, or bulky matter of any description must
take place during the hours which Landlord may determine from time to time. Landlord reserves the right to inspect all freight
and bulky matter to be brought into the Building and to exclude from the Building all freight and bulky matter which violates
any of these Rules and Regulations or the Lease of which these Rules and Regulations are part. 

26.  Except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Lease, no
curtains, blinds, shades, screens, or signs other than those furnished by Landlord shall be attached to, hung in, or used in connection
with any exterior window or suite entry door of the Premises without the prior written consent of the Landlord. 

27.  Movement in or out of the Building of furniture or office
equipment, or dispatch or receipt by Tenant of any merchandise or materials which require the use of elevators, stairways, lobby
areas, or loading dock areas, shall be restricted to reasonable hours designed by Landlord. Such activity may be supervised by
Landlord and performed in the reasonable manner stated by Landlord. Landlord may prohibit any article, equipment, or any other
item from being brought into the Building that would violate this Lease. Tenant is to assume all risk for damage to articles moved
and injury to any persons resulting from such activity. If any equipment, property, and/or personnel of Landlord or of any other
tenant is damaged or injured as a result of or in connection with such activity, Tenant shall be solely liable for any and all
damage or loss resulting therefrom. 

28.  Landlord shall have the power to prescribe the weight and
position of safes and other heavy equipment or items, which in all cases shall not in the opinion of Landlord exceed acceptable
floor loading and weight distribution requirements. All damage done to the Building by the installation, maintenance, operation,
existence or removal of any property of Tenant shall be repaired at the expense of Tenant. 

29.  Common area corridor doors, when not in use, shall be kept
closed. 

30.  No flammable, explosive, or dangerous fluid or substance
shall be used or kept by Tenant in the Premises or Building, except for those substances as are typically found in similar premises
used for general business office purposes and are being used by Tenant in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
Tenant shall not, without Landlord s prior consent, use, store, install, spill, remove, release or dispose of within or
about the Premises or any other portion of the Property, any asbestos-containing materials or any solid, liquid or gaseous material
now or hereafter considered toxic or hazardous materials under the provisions of any applicable environmental law which may now
or hereafter be in effect. If Landlord does give written consent to Tenant pursuant to the foregoing sentence, Tenant shall comply
with all applicable laws, rules and regulations pertaining to and governing such use by Tenant, and shall remain liable for all
costs of cleanup or removal in connection therewith. Tenant shall supply building management with current Material Safety Data
Sheets along with maximum quantities of materials stored on site. 

65   

31.  Tenant shall not use or occupy the Premises in any manner
or for any purpose which would injure the reputation or impair the present or future value of the Premises or the Building; without
limiting the foregoing, Tenant shall not use or permit the Premises or any portion thereof to be used for lodging, sleeping or
for any illegal purpose. 

32.  Tenant shall not take any action which would violate Landlord s
labor contracts affecting the Building or which would cause any work stoppage, picketing, labor disruption or dispute, or any
interference with the business of Landlord or any other tenant or occupant of the Building or with the rights and privileges of
any person lawfully in the Building. Tenant shall take any actions necessary to resolve any such work stoppage, picketing; labor
disruption, dispute or interference and shall have pickets removed and, at the request of Landlord, immediately terminate at any
time any construction work being performed in the Premises giving rise to such labor problems, until such time as Landlord shall
have given its written consent for such work to resume. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord acknowledges and agrees that Tenant,
at its sole discretion, shall have the right to select the clients to whom it agrees to provide legal services and in no event
shall Tenant be liable to Landlord or be required to terminate any such representation as a result of any work stoppage, picketing,
labor disruption, dispute or interference that arises out of such representation. 

33.  Tenant shall not install, operate or maintain in the Premises
or any other area of the Building, any electrical equipment which does not bear the U/L (Underwriters Laboratories) seal of approval
(unless Tenant shall supply the Landlord with documentation evidencing the safety and capacity of such non U/L approved equipment),
or which would overload the electrical system or any part thereof beyond its capacity for proper, efficient and safe operation
as reasonably determined by Landlord, taking into consideration the overall electrical system and the present and future requirements
therefore in the Building. Tenant shall not furnish any cooling or heating to the Premises, including, without limitation, the
use of any electronic or gas heating devices, without Landlord s prior written consent which shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

34.  All vendors to be contracted by the Tenant in advance must
be approved in advance by building management and comply with insurance requirements if deemed appropriate by building management.
(See insurance requirements, below.) Construction vendors must comply with Construction Rules, see attached. Contractor and contractor s
sub-contractors must check in with building management, 978-815-4722 or 617-875-5441 upon each daily arrival to the building. 

35.  For daily maintenance service calls, or general tenant
requests, questions, or concerns please contact the Tenant Services Coordinator, Kate Somers, at: (781) 272-4212. Alternatively,
tenants may use the web based service request system. Please contact building management for specific instructions and to receive
a tenant specific password. 

36.  Tenants shall adhere to and familiarize their employees
with building safety and evacuation plans as furnished and modified by the Property Manager. In the event of any building/site-related
Emergency, please contact the  Tenant Services Coordinator (781)-272-4212.  or the  Emergency line at (617)-451-1300 x265.  

66   

37.  The Contractor shall purchase from and maintain in a company
lawfully authorized to do business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts insurance for protection from claims under workers 
or workmen s compensation acts and other employee benefit acts which are applicable, claims for damages because of bodily
injury, including death, and from claims for damages, other than to the work itself, to property which may arise out of or result
from the Contractors operations, whether such operations be by the Contractor or by a Subcontractor or anyone directly or indirectly
employed by any of them. This insurance shall be of the types and within minimum limits or liability as follows: Worker s
Compensation $500,000, Comprehensive General Liability $1,000,000 per occurrence, $2,000,000 aggregate. Automobile liability insurance
on any vehicle used by Contractor in the performance of the services specified herein with combined single limit coverage of not
less than $1,000,000. Please contact Tenant services Coordinator 617-451-2660 for landlord additional insured entities which must
be named on each certificate of insurance. Certificates of such insurance shall be filed with the Management Company prior to
the commencement of the Work. 

The tenant shall maintain insurance coverage as required in the lease. Please contact Tenant Services Coordinator  (781)-272-4212  for landlord additional insured entities which must be named on each certificate of insurance. 

38.  Access to certain Electric Room and Janitors  Closets
may be restricted. During normal business hours, access to these areas may be arranged by contacting the Tenant Service Coordinator
(see  Work Orders   Service Requests , below). After hours access to these areas is available by prior arrangement.
Please note: these rooms are not to be used for storage of any items, and any items found stored in these rooms will be disposed
of at a cost to the responsible tenant. 

39.  Cleaning of office suites is performed strictly in accordance
with requirements outlined in each respective lease. Cleaning of any restrooms, exam rooms, laboratories, kitchens, and/or food
preparation areas within a tenant s suite, unless provided for specifically within the terms of the lease, is outside of
the Landlord s cleaning obligations and will require a separate agreement between tenant and an independent cleaning contractor
(or be performed by tenant, directly). 

40.  Tenants shall not store or keep flammable fluids or solvents
in their leased premises unless permitted by their lease. Please see item #30. 

41.  4-18 Crosby Drive garage parking is only for those tenants
who have parking privileges in their lease. Additional garage or surface parking spaces may be available from time to time on
a TAW basis. Please check with the management office for availability. Tenants and their visitors shall obey all parking regulations. 

42.  Bicycles and other vehicles are not permitted inside or
to be parked on the walkways outside the Building. Bicycle parking is available at the bicycle racks and cage inside the garage. 

43.  Tenant shall carry out Tenant s permitted maintenance
repairs, alterations and improvements in the Premises only during reasonable times agreed to in advance by Landlord and in a manner
which will not interfere with the rights of other tenants in the Building. 

44.  Lessee shall inform its employees and visitors of the laws
and ordinances of the Town/City of Bedford relating to prohibition of smoking. No smoking will be allowed anywhere inside the
building. 

45.   NO  natural holiday decorations (trees, wreaths,
evergreens decorations, etc.) are allowed within the building. All such items are categorized by the Bedford Fire Department as
fire hazards. 

46.  A building directory will be maintained at the front of
the building at the expense of the Lessor and the number of such listings shall be at the discretion of Lessor. No sign, advertisement,
notice or other lettering shall be exhibited, inscribed, painted, or affixed by any Lessee on any part of the outside or inside
of the Demised Premises or building without the prior written consents of the Lessor. In the event of the violation of the foregoing
by any Lessee, Lessor may remove same without any liability, and may charge the expense incurred by such removal to the Lessee
or Lessees violating this rule. Standard directory tablets shall be inscribed painted or affixed for each Lessee, at Lessor s
one-time expense per tenant, and shall be provided in Lessor s size, color and style. 

67   

47.  Normal Business Hours are Monday through Friday between
the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m., holidays excluded. During normal business hours the main lobby will be open and monitored
by security. 

48.  Outside normal business hours the building will be locked.
In order to gain access to the building, Tenants will be required to use their building access cards. 

49.  Access Cards may be requested from Kate Somers, Tenant
Service Coordinator, in writing, on company letterhead, by fax or electronically, as follows: 

Each request for an Access Card must be submitted
by authorized tenant-representatives and must provide, at a minimum, the following information: 

The full name(s) of the individual(s) for whom access is being requested;    

The specific building/door(s) for which access is being requested;    

The make(s), model(s) and license plate(s) state and number for any
vehicle(s) each applicant may park at the building;    

The full name and signature of the authorized individual requesting
the Access Card(s).    

50.   The
building has a loading area which is available for tenant use. 

a.           Operational
Hours 7:00 a.m. through 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday and 7:00 a.m. for deliveries and removals. Use of the loading dock outside
these hours can be arranged at tenant cost for building personnel to open and secure the loading dock as necessary. 

b.           Requests
for Loading must be pre-scheduled, 48 hours in advance, through the Property Management Office. Use of the Loading Area for staging
deliveries, which might conflict with other scheduled deliveries, will not be permitted. 

c.           Any
shipping, packing, staging, rigging, building protection materials generated as part of a delivery must be cleaned-up and removed
by the delivery company or by the tenant responsible for receiving the delivery, otherwise such tenant will be charged with the
associated disposal costs. 

51.  Handicapped Parking Spaces are for those who need them
and have the appropriate license plates or vehicle identification. Any abuse of handicapped parking spaces may be reported directly
to The Property Management Office. 

52.  Visitor parking is allowed only for visitors of specific
tenants. 

68   

CONSTRUCTION
RULES   

  (Revised 5/20/14)  

Section
I   

   BUILDING
STANDARDS   

These guidelines provide the standards
to be followed for any construction in the building. Also listed are the responsibilities of both the Contractor and the Tenant
for construction of leased premises. Questions and comments are invited.   Please address them to Landlord:   

c/o The Davis Companies  

  Attn: Jason Biedrzycki  

  Senior Property Manager  

  125 High Street 21 st  Floor  

  Boston, MA 02110  

  Or Contact  

  (617) 451-1300  

  Assistant Property Mgr. Ron Dorazio  

  617-875-5441  

GENERAL   

 Contractor understands the building is
occupied by tenants and will use best efforts to not interrupt the work of others or create an unpleasant situation for current
occupants. Disruption of tenant s production process will result in substantial claims against the contractor. Contractor
shall not store supplies or equipment in public area or common areas and shall leave all public/common areas clean each night.
Primary construction access shall be through the east entry. 

In addition, contractor will clean common
areas and driveway/pavement areas of any material that is tracked onto common areas and pavement from its operation and use best
efforts to keep dust down. Contractor will coordinate its work within tenant spaces to minimize disruption and will seek property
manager s approval of methods for this work. 

Contractor acknowledges and understands
that he will be working around existing tenants and new tenant equipment, inventory and personnel and will take every precaution
to prevent injury and/or claim. 

Contractors must provide all of their own
equipment, tools, phones, etc. Building equipment is not available to the contractors. 

Contractor and Contractor s sub-Contractors
must check in with building management, Ron: 617-875-5441 or Doug: 617-592-0719 upon each daily arrival to the building.  

69   

PLANS   

 All plans are subject to prior approval
by building management. Contractor shall provide building management with copies of all construction plans as approved by the Town
of Bedford along with copies of all as-built drawings. 

BUSINESS HOURS   

 General Business Hours for the building
are Monday through Friday 8AM to 5PM. 

DISTURBANCE   

 Work shall be scheduled so as not to disturb
surrounding tenants in any way. Knowingly offensive work such as coring, oil painting, polymix, sawing, or any operation which
can cause noise or odor disturbances to other tenants shall be conducted during non-business hours. 

Demolition shall be conducted during non-business
hours only. Demolition debris is to be placed in hampers and covered during transport from the work area to the disposal area and
removed from the premises during non-business hours only. 

Common area work shall be conducted during
non-business hours. 

Contractor shall at all times minimize noise or activities
which may be disturbing to residential neighbors , i.e. trucking activities, light testing, alarm testing, etc. 

Radios are not allowed. 

Smoking is not permitted anywhere inside the building. 

ELEVATORS   

 Contractor shall not exceed elevator loading
limits and will be held responsible for any repairs necessitated due to overloading. 

At all times, building elevator pads must
be used by construction personnel to protect the elevators. Building Management shall be notified 24 hours in advance of intended
use of elevators for construction purposes. Extended use of the elevator for construction purposes shall not be allowed during
business hours. 

TRASH AND DEBRIS   

 Removal of trash and debris shall be conducted during non-business
hours. Placement of dumpsters is to be arranged with building management. The building dumpsters are not available for construction
use. 

DELIVERIES   

 Delivery of any bulk stock or materials
is to be scheduled with building management 24 hours in advance. In most cases, bulk stock deliveries will be permitted only during
non-business hours. 

 Delivery vehicles which do not fit into
the loading zone, i.e. tractor trailers, large flat beds, etc., are not permitted in the parking lot during business hours. 

FIRE ALARM AND SPRINKLER   

 The building is sprinkler-ready in compliance with the Massachusetts
State Building code. Alterations to the existing sprinkler system or changing of head placement requires Landlord approval.  All
work must comply with the State Building Code as required.  

70   

The building(s) are equipped with multi-zone smoke detection
and fire alarm systems. Capacity will be provided to our audible fire alarm system and connection points per floor for code required
devices. The electrical contractor must coordinate final tie-in with the building alarm company and the Management Office. A 48-hour
advance notice is required.  The Tenant   is responsible for any costs incurred, such as Fire Alarm/Sprinkler system impairments
and any required site staff overtime.  

A copy of the Contractor s Certificate of Insurance and
Sprinkler Permit must be in the Management Office prior to the start of any construction. 

PARKING   

 All construction related vehicles shall
be parked as directed by building management. Vehicles in violation are subject to tow at the vehicle owner's expense. 

INSURANCE   

 The Contractor shall purchase from and maintain in a company
lawfully authorized to do business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts insurance for protection from claims under workers 
or workmen s compensation acts and other employee benefit acts which are applicable, claims for damages because of bodily
injury, including death, and from claims for damages, other than to the work itself, to property which may arise out of or result
from the Contractors operations, whether such operations be by the Contractor or by a Subcontractor or anyone directly or indirectly
employed by any of them. 

Contractor agrees to carry, at Contractor's
sole expense, the following insurance coverage: 

A.  Workers Compensation Insurance in the statutory amount and employer's liability coverage in an
amount of at least Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000).   

B.  Automobile liability insurance on any vehicle used by Contractor in the performance of the services
specified herein with combined single limit coverage of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000).   

C.  Comprehensive general liability insurance with combined single limit coverage of not less than
One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence, $2,000,000 aggregate. Said coverage shall include provisions for blanket contractual
liability, personal injury and broad form property damage.   

D.  All-Risk property insurance coverage for tools and equipment brought onto and/or used at the Property,
the amount of which is equal to the replacement costs of all such tools and equipment.   

The insurance described above
shall be in the name of Contractor; provided, however, general liability policy shall name as additional insureds the following
parties: 

4-18 Crosby Drive, Bedford MA:  

Additional Insureds:   

Santander Bank, N.A.  

DIV Bedford, LLC  

Davis Management Company, LLC  

71   

Certificates of such insurance shall be filed with the Management
Company prior to the commencement of the Work. 

CLEANING   

 The construction contractor is responsible
for doing his/her part to keep common areas clean at all times. Any extra cleaning that may be necessary due to construction contractor's
negligence will be performed by building cleaners at construction contractor's expense. 

SCHEDULING   

 Building management shall be kept informed of job schedule and
changes. 

HVAC   

 Construction contractor shall be responsible
for the replacement of filters and the proper cleaning of all coils, drains, and pans on all HVAC equipment affected by construction.
Ultra Services Inc 978-667-8800, the building HVAC contractor, shall be consulted on all planned HVAC modifications. 

SUBCONTRACTORS   

 General Contractor represents that all
subcontractors will perform in accordance with these building rules. The general contractor must provide building management with
a contact list of all subcontractors with contact name, phone number, and pager number. 

Section II  

   RULES
FOR TENANT CONTRACTORS   

The following additional rules have been established as an effective
mechanism to enable contractors and Tenants to work freely with minimum conflict. 

This is private property and access is by permission only. Permission
to enter will be granted to each Tenant Contractor and its employees who are entering for the purpose of performing work in the
building. Access for any other reason will not be permitted. 

1.  Each General Contractor or Contractor is required to submit
a contact list including emergency contact numbers (pager/cell phone) of all sub contractors who will be working on site. 

72   

2.    FIRE IMPAIRMENT   HOT WORKS REQUIREMENTS:  

All FIRE ALARM IMPAIRMENTS and/or ALARM DEACTIVATIONS
must be coordinated through the Property Manager. The General Contractor is required to obtain a smoke detector bagging permit
from the local Fire Department, or have the fire alarm plugged out on a daily basis. The costs for the alarm plug outs or bagging
permit are the contractor s responsibility.  Any costs resulting from false alarms (Fire Department) will be the responsibility
of the Tenant and the Tenant s Contractor.  The Tenant shall be responsible for managing the Contractor(s) who are performing
its construction/renovations. 

HOT WORKS requests and BURN PERMIT letter(s) need
to be obtained and approved through the Property Management Office.  All Fire Watches required by the Bedford Fire Department
will be at the Tenant/Contractor s cost. 

3.  Electrical power will originate from the tenant meter/panel
located in the electrical rooms. Any temporary 120 volt service must originate from one of these locations and be removed as soon
as the Tenant panel is installed.  A prorated cost will be back charged to the Tenant for temporary electrical power provided
for their construction use, which is supplied by base building meters/panels.  

4.  Contractors can only utilize the area designated by their
contract for storage of materials and work.  No materials are to be left in the common areas of the building including but not
limited to hallways, elevator landings, stairways, janitor/storage closets, electrical closets, or any parking spaces (interior
or exterior).   Any material found in these locations without prior approval will become the sole property of the Management
Company. 

5.  Water for construction and cleaning tools is available
in the janitor closets. These closets are kept locked. These closets are not to be used for the disposal of paint or plaster. 

6.  Any fire alarm disconnects must be coordinated with the
Management Office. 

7.  All contractor personnel and materials must enter the building
through the Rear Entry and loading dock only. There is no transportation of materials, or tools, in the passenger elevators without
protecting ALL SURFACES. Scheduling the use of an elevator during specified times: Non-business or Light Traffic Periods. Materials
must be of a length or cut to a length that will not strike ceilings or wall surfaces, and any damage caused to any elevator surface
will result in repair or replacement cost being the responsibility of that vendor and tenant. Contractors are not to use any alarmed
side doors for egress exits. Rubber wheels will be required on all carts and dollies used. 

8.  It is the Contractor s responsibility to discard
all debris and trash into a container which the contractor or tenant supplies. There will be no disposal into building trash compactors
or containers. Any additional cleaning of common areas which is generated by the contractor during construction/renovations will
be billed back to the Tenant. 

9.  All phone and electrical wiring must be in conduit. 

10.  It is the responsibility of the Tenant and contractor to
minimize the amount of debris/odor which emits from the space. 

11.  Fire stopping will be provided by general contractor for
electrical, plumbing, etc. 

73   

12.  Appropriate temporary protection and donage must be in
place prior to any placement of crane out riggers. All delivery trucks or cranes must be of approved weight. 

Section III  

   TENANT
FINISH PROCEDURE   

CONSTRUCTION  

 The following is the suggested procedure as you prepare to complete
the construction of a leased space: 

2.  Submit plans and specifications to the Management Office for verification. The plans and specification are to be in the following
form:   

A.     Architectural Drawings   

1.  Floor plan indicating any proposed demolition 

2.  Floor plans indicating partition construction and location 

3.  Reflected ceiling plans indicating any suspended ceiling
or other equipment 

4.  Interior elevation and exterior walls 

5.  All built-in equipment, casework, counters, shelving, etc. 

6.  All stairs and corridors adjacent to showrooms must be
clearly delineated 

7.  All architectural drawings shall be stamped by a Massachusetts
Registered Architect. 

B.     Electrical Drawings   

1.  Complete electrical drawings, floor plans and specifications 

2.  Complete schedules of panel board circulating and final
load breakdown 

3.  Provisions for special electrical equipment (i.e., copiers,
computers, telephone systems, etc.) 

4.  Properly stamped drawings by a Massachusetts Licensed Electrical
Engineer 

C.     HVAC Drawings   

1.  Completed HVAC drawings and specifications 

2.  Proposed connection to building services 

3.  Cooling and heating load calculations, including equipment
requiring special HVAC provisions (i.e., computer) 

4.  Property stamped drawings by a Massachusetts Licensed Mechanical
Engineer 

74   

D.     Fire Protection Drawings   

1.  Drawings and specifications must show alarm speakers, pull
stations, and sprinkler systems 

2.  Drawings must clearly delineate all changes the Tenant
wishes to make to location, extent and number of heads and run outs 

3.  Insurance test certificates must be provided for any sprinkler
work 

4.  Drawings shall include all requirements of local authorities
including engineered hydraulic calculations as necessary. 

It is suggested that the General Contractor
set up an informal meeting with the local Inspectional Services Department for the property involved. 

The Landlord will not serve as an interpreter
of the Codes.  The Tenant plans must comply with Code as interpreted/implemented by the State and local (city/town) requirements.
All wood must comply with the fire retardant treatment prescribed in the Code. 

The following must be furnished to the
Property Manager  prior  to commencement of construction by your contractor:  

1.  Copy of Building Permit issued 

2.  Copy of completed stamped mechanical plans 

3.  Certificate of Insurance naming as additional insured:
contact Property manager for listing of additional insureds 

4.  Copy of Contractor License 

5.  Schedule of work hours 

6.  Material safety date sheets for all products including
but not limited to adhesives, cleaners, paints, oils and items related to HVAC equipment. 

7.  Sign off by the property manager is required before work
commences. 

Once the job is completed, the following is to be furnished
to the Property Manager:  

1.  Copy of the Certificate of Occupancy 

2.  Completed  as built  drawings 

BUILDING MANAGEMENT  

 Davis Management Co 

 Senior Property Manager: Jason Biedrzycki 

 Office:  (617) 451-1300 

 Cell: (603) 320-7594 

 Assistant Property Manager: Ron Dorazio 

 Cell: (617) 875-5441 

 Chief Engineer: Doug Moulton 

 Cell: (617) 592-0719 

 Building Day porter: Jorge Ordonez 

 Cell: 617-981-3668 

Tenant 

Acknowledged by:   
       
       Date:    

Contractor 

Acknowledged by:   
       
       Date:  

75   

EXHIBIT 8.8  

SIGNAGE LOCATION  

76   

EXHIBIT 14.1  

FORM OF SNDA  

SUBORDINATION, NON DISTURBANCE 

AND ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT 

This Subordination, Non Disturbance and Attornment
Agreement made on ____________, 2015, by and among Landlord, Tenant and Lender, all as hereinafter defined; 

WITNESSETH: 

IN CONSIDERATION OF TEN AND NO/100 ($10.00)
DOLLARS and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned
Landlord, Tenant and Lender hereby covenant and agree as follows: 

1.            For
purposes of this agreement the following terms shall be defined as set forth below: 

A.           Assignment
of Leases: That certain Assignment of Lessor's Interest in Leases, Rents, and Profits affecting the Landlord's interest in the
Lease to be executed by Landlord in favor of Lender and to be recorded in the _______________ Registry of Deeds (the  Registry ). 

B.           Mortgage:
That certain Mortgage and Security Agreement and Financing Statement to be executed by Landlord in favor of Lender, conveying Landlord's
interest in the Property to Lender and to be recorded in the Registry (included in the term are all amendments, additions and substitutions
thereof). 

C.           Landlord:
________________________ 

D.           Lease:
That certain Lease by and between Landlord and Tenant dated ______________ [INSERT LEASE DATE], affecting the Property. 

E.           Property:
All that tract or parcel of land lying and being in ____________ County, Massachusetts, as more particularly described on Exhibit
 A  attached hereto and made a part hereof. 

F.           Tenant:
________________________ 

G.           Lender:
________________________ 

2.          Tenant
has subordinated and does hereby subordinate all of its rights in and to the Property and in and to the Lease (including any options
to purchase) to the following: (i) the Mortgage; (ii) any, and all renewals, substitutions, extensions, modifications, replacements
or amendments of the Mortgage; (iii) all loan documents executed in connection with the Mortgage including, without limitation,
the Assignment of Leases; and (iv) all indebtedness secured by the Mortgage and all advances made pursuant thereto prior to or
after the date hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Lease, any interest of Tenant in any
right of first refusal contained in the Lease shall not be binding upon Lender at a foreclosure sale of the Property, upon any
purchaser at a foreclosure sale of the Property or upon a transfer of the Property by Lender by deed in lieu of foreclosure. 

77   

3.          Tenant
shall give written notice to Lender of any default of Landlord under the Lease (at the time it gives said notice to Landlord) and
agrees that Lender shall have the time periods set forth in the Lease for cure to cure said Landlord default. 

4.          So
long as Tenant is not in default under the Lease in the payment of rent or additional rent or in the performance of any of the
terms, or conditions of the Lease, Lender covenants and agrees that possession of the demised premises under the Lease and the
rights and privileges of Tenant under the Lease shall not be diminished or interfered with by the Lender in the exercise of any
of its rights under the Mortgage. 

5.          If
Lender, its successors or assigns shall succeed to the interest of Landlord under the Lease in any manner, or if any other person
or entity shall acquire Landlord's interest in the Property upon any foreclosure of the Mortgage (Lender, its successors or assigns,
or such other person or entity, as the case may be, being hereinafter referred to as  Successor Landlord ), Tenant
shall attorn to Successor Landlord upon such succession or foreclosure sale and shall recognize Successor Landlord as the landlord
under the Lease, and the Lease shall remain in full force and effect and shall inure to the benefit of Successor Landlord as landlord
thereunder. Such attornment shall be effective and self operative without the execution of any further instrument. Tenant agrees,
however, to execute and deliver at any time and from time to time, upon the request of Successor Landlord, any instrument or certificate
that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence such attornment. From and after any such attornment, Successor Landlord shall
be bound to Tenant under all the terms, covenants and conditions of the Lease, except that Successor Landlord shall not (a) be
liable for any act or omission of any prior landlord (including Landlord); or (b) be subject to any offset or defenses which Tenant
might have against any prior landlord (including Landlord); or (c) be bound by any rent or additional rent which Tenant might have
paid for more than sixty (60) days in advance to any prior landlord (including Landlord); or (d) be bound by any amendment or modification
of the Lease made without the consent of Lender. 

6.          The
agreements herein contained shall bind and inure to the benefit of successors in interest of the parties hereto. 

7.          This
instrument shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

[signature page follows] 

78   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned Tenant has hereunto caused this instrument to be executed by its duly authorized corporate officials and its corporate
seal to be affixed hereto as of the day and year first above written. 

TENANT:  

By:   

By:    

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS 

______________________, ss. 

On this ____ day of ____________, 2015, before
me, the undersigned notary public, personally appeared ________________________ proved to me through satisfactory evidence of identification,
which was ____________________________, to be the person whose name is signed on the preceding or attached document, and acknowledged
to me that he signed it voluntarily for its stated purposes as said ___________________ of the _______________________. 

_________________________, Notary Public 

 My commission expires: 

Signature page to SNDA  

79   

TENANT:  

By:  

By:  

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS 

______________________, ss. 

On this ____ day of ____________, 2015, before
me, the undersigned notary public, personally appeared ________________________ proved to me through satisfactory evidence of identification,
which was ____________________________, to be the person whose name is signed on the preceding or attached document, and acknowledged
to me that he signed it voluntarily for its stated purposes as said ____________________ of ________________________. 

_________________________, Notary Public 

 My commission expires: 

Signature page to SNDA  

80   

EXHIBIT 14.4  

FORM OF ESTOPPEL  

Form of Tenant Estoppel Certificate  

The undersigned ( Tenant ) hereby
certifies to _______________ and _______________ (collectively, the  Recipients ), as follows: 

1.           Lease .
Tenant is the current tenant under that certain Lease dated ________________________, 20___ (the  Original Lease ) by
and between ________________________________ ( Landlord ) and Tenant, pursuant to which Tenant leases approximately __________
square feet (the  Premises ) in the building located at ______________________________ (the  Building ). 

2.           No
Modifications . The Original Lease has not been modified, changed, altered, supplemented, amended or terminated in any respect,
except as indicated below (if none, please state  none  the Original Lease, as modified, changed, altered, supplemented
or amended as indicated below, is referred to collectively as the  Lease ): 

_________________________________________________________________________.  

3.           Copy .
A true, correct and complete copy of the Lease is attached hereto. 

4.           Validity .
The Lease represents the valid and binding obligation of Tenant in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect on
the date hereof. The Lease represents the entire agreement and understanding between Landlord and Tenant with respect to the Premises,
the Building and the land on which the Building is situated. Except as expressly set forth in the Lease, Tenant has no right under
the Lease to terminate all or any portion of the Lease. 

5.           No
Concessions . Except as set forth in the Lease, Tenant is not entitled to, and has made no agreement with Landlord or its agents
or employees concerning, free rent, partial rent, rebate of rent payments, credit or offset or reduction in rent, or any other
type of rental concession including, without limitation, lease support payments, lease buy-outs, or assumption of any leasing or
occupancy agreements of Tenant. 

6.           Term .
Except for __________________________________________, all conditions precedent to the commencement of the initial term of the
Lease have been fully satisfied or waived. The initial term of the Lease began on _____________________, 20___. The termination
date of the present term of the Lease, excluding unexercised renewal terms, is _______________, 20___, or, if the commencement
date has not yet been set, _____ months after the commencement date. [IF TRUE: The commencement date has occurred and Tenant
has accepted possession of and currently occupies the entire Premises. Tenant has not sublet all or any portion of the Premises
to any sublessee, has not assigned, transferred, mortgaged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered any of its rights or interests
under the Lease and has not entered into any license or concession agreements with respect thereto, except for the following in
accordance with the Lease: ________________________________________. 

81   

7.           Options .
Except as set forth in the Lease, Tenant has no outstanding options or rights to renew or extend the term of the Lease, or expansion
options, or cancellation options, rights of first refusal, or rights of first offer to lease other space within the Building. Tenant
has no outstanding options, rights of first refusal or rights of first offer to purchase the Premises or any part thereof or all
or any part of the Building and/or the land on which the Building is situated. 

8.           Rents .
The obligation to pay rent began (or begins) on _______________, 20__. The current monthly base rent payable under the Leases is
$_______________. The monthly base rental payment (excluding pass through charges) has been paid through the month of _______________,
____. Tenant is also obligated to pay its proportionate share of ad valorem taxes, insurance and operating expenses on the Building,
to the extent provided in the Leases. Tenant's estimated share of ad valorem taxes, insurance and operating expenses on the Building
has been paid by Tenant through _____________, ____. Except for payments of its estimated share of ad valorem taxes, insurance
and operating expenses being paid in accordance with the Lease, no rent (excluding security deposits described in Paragraph 9
below) has been paid more than one (1) month in advance of its due date. 

9.           Security
Deposits . Tenant's security deposit, if any, which has been previously deposited with Landlord is $_______________ (if none,
please state  none ). The security deposit ____ is, or ____ is not, represented by a letter of credit. 

10.          No
Default . No event has occurred and no condition exists that constitutes, or that with the giving of notice or the lapse of
time or both, would constitute, a default by Landlord or, to the best knowledge of Tenant, Tenant under the Lease except __________.
As of the date set forth below, to the best knowledge of Tenant, Tenant has no existing claims against Landlord or defenses to
the enforcement of the Lease by Landlord and Tenant is not currently entitled to any rent abatements or offsets against the rents
owing under the Lease except _____________. 

11.          Allowances .
All required allowances, contributions or payments (whether or not currently due and payable) by Landlord to Tenant on account
of Tenant's tenant improvements have been received by Tenant and all of Tenant's tenant improvements have been completed in accordance
with the terms of the Lease, except as indicated below (if none, please state  none ): 

_________________________________________________________________________.  

To the best knowledge of Tenant, Tenant's current use and operation
of the Premises complies with all covenants and operating requirements in the Lease. 

12.          No
Bankruptcy Proceedings . No voluntary actions or, to Tenant's best knowledge, involuntary actions are pending against Tenant
under the bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization laws of the United States or any state thereof. 

13.          Environmental
Matters . Tenant has received no notice by any governmental authority or person claiming a violation of, or requiring compliance
with, any federal, state or local statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or other requirement of law, for environmental contamination
at the Premises and no hazardous, toxic or polluting substances or wastes have been generated, treated, manufactured, stored, refined,
used, handled, transported, released, spilled, disposed of or deposited on, in or under the Premises. 

82   

14.          Address .
The current address for notices to be sent to Tenant under the Lease is set forth below. 

15.          Reliance .
Tenant acknowledges that the Recipients have or will hereafter acquire an interest in the Landlord or the Property and/or loan
money to the Landlord in connection with the Property, and that the Recipients are relying upon this Tenant's Estoppel Certificate
in connection therewith. Tenant further acknowledges that this Tenant's Estoppel Certificate may be relied upon by, and inures
to the benefit of, the Recipients and each of their respective partners, successors and assigns. 

16.          Authority .
The undersigned is duly authorized to execute this Tenant's Estoppel Certificate on behalf of Tenant. 

17.          Accuracy .
The information contained in this Tenant's Estoppel Certificate is true, correct and complete as of the date below written. 

Executed as of the ___ day of _____,
____. 

TENANT:  

By: 

Name:  

Title:  

Tenant's Current Address for Notices:  

83   

EXHIBIT 18.1.1  

ROFO SPACE  

84   

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 v451019_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT  

PLACE OF   

SUBSIDIARY   
       
       INCORPORATION   
       
       D/B/A NAME    

Datawatch International Limited  
       
      England and Wales  
       
      Datawatch International Limited   

Datawatch Pty Ltd.*  
       
      Australia  
       
      Datawatch Pty Ltd.   

Datawatch GmbH*  
       
      Germany  
       
      Datawatch GmbH   

Datawatch Analytics (Singapore) Pte Ltd. *  
       
      Singapore  
       
      Datawatch Analytics (Singapore) Pte Ltd.   

Datawatch AB  
       
      Sweden  
       
      Panopticon Software AB   

*  All of the shares of capital stock of Datawatch Pty Ltd., Datawatch Europe Limited, Datawatch GmbH and Datawatch Analytics
(Singapore) Pte Ltd. are owned by Datawatch International Limited.   

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 v451019_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM   

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-180934, 333-134015, 333-134291, 333-104011,
333-84312, 333-57244, 333-34312, and 333-39627 and 333-195839) of Datawatch Corporation of our report dated November 10, 2016,
relating to the consolidated financial statements of Datawatch Corporation, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Datawatch
Corporation for the year ending September 30, 2016. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

RSM US LLP 

Boston, Massachusetts 
November 10, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v451019_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Michael A. Morrison, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
Form 10-K of Datawatch Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Michael A. Morrison 

Michael A. Morrison 

President, Chief Executive Officer and
Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v451019_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, James L. Eliason, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
Form 10-K of Datawatch Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ James L. Eliason 

James L. Eliason 

Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
and Vice President of Finance 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 v451019_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Datawatch Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael A. Morrison, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Michael A. Morrison 

Michael A. Morrison 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 v451019_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Datawatch Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James L. Eliason, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ James L. Eliason 

James L. Eliason 

Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
and Vice President of Finance 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 dwch-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 dwch-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 dwch-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 dwch-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 dwch-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 dwch-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

