<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_66004_0001174947-16-003333_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2824247</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>69838</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>164099</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>661332</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1152519</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>703499</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-16-003333.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101132554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-16-003333
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MIDDLESEX WATER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000066004
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER SUPPLY [4941]
		IRS NUMBER:				221114430
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-00422
		FILM NUMBER:		161964054

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1500 RONSON RD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1500
		CITY:			ISELIN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7326341500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1500 RONON ROAD
		CITY:			ISELIN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-16-003333.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 form10q-16662_msx.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

  WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR 

For the transition period from _________________
to______________________ 

Commission File Number     0-422 

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

1500 Ronson Road, Iselin, New Jersey 08830 

 (Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

  (732) 634-1500  

 (Registrant's telephone number, including area
code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes      No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
files). 

 Yes      No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. 

 Large accelerated filer    
Accelerated filer     Non-accelerated filer    
Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes      No

The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock, as of October 31, 2016: Common Stock, No Par Value: 16,289,172 shares outstanding. 

INDEX 

PART I .   
        FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
        PAGE     

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements (Unaudited):   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income  
     1  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      2   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Capital Stock and Long-Term Debt   
      4   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
    Statements   
      5   

Item 2.   
      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     14  

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures of Market Risk   
      21   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      22   

PART II.    
        OTHER INFORMATION      

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      23   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      23   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      23   

Item 3.   
       Defaults upon Senior Securities   
      23   

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      23   

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
      23   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits    
      23   

SIGNATURES         
      24   

Index  

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands
except per share amounts) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.    

1   

      Index  

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

2   

      Index  

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

3   

      Index  

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY 

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITAL STOCK 

 AND LONG-TERM DEBT 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

4   

      Index  

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY  

   NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1   Basis of Presentation and Recent Developments 

Middlesex Water Company (Middlesex or the Company)
is the parent company and sole shareholder of Tidewater Utilities, Inc. (Tidewater), Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc. (TESI),
Pinelands Water Company (Pinelands Water) and Pinelands Wastewater Company (Pinelands Wastewater) (collectively, Pinelands), Utility
Service Affiliates, Inc. (USA), Utility Service Affiliates  (Perth Amboy) Inc. (USA-PA), and Twin Lakes Utilities, Inc.
(Twin Lakes). Southern Shores Water Company, LLC (Southern Shores) and White Marsh Environmental Systems, Inc. (White Marsh) are
wholly-owned subsidiaries of Tidewater. The financial statements for Middlesex and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (the Company)
are reported on a consolidated basis. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

The consolidated notes within the 2015 Annual
Report on Form 10-K (the 2015 Form 10-K) are applicable to these financial statements and, in the opinion of the Company, the accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments necessary (including normal recurring accruals) to
present fairly the financial position as of September 30, 2016 and the results of operations and cash flows for the three and nine
month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Information included in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December
31, 2015, has been derived from the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 included
in the 2015 Form 10-K. 

Recent Accounting Guidance   

Consolidation -  In February 2015, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance that amends the consolidation analysis for variable interest entities
( VIEs ) as well as voting interest entities. The amendments under the new guidance modify the evaluation of whether
limited partnerships and similar legal entities are VIEs or voting interest entities and eliminate the presumption that a general
partner should consolidate a limited partnership. This guidance was effective January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did
not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

Debt Issuance Costs  - In April 2015,
the FASB issued an update to authoritative guidance related to the presentation of debt issuance costs on the balance sheet, requiring
companies to present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying value of debt. The guidance was effective January
1, 2016. As a result of adopting this guidance, the December 31, 2015 balance sheet was revised, which resulted in decreases of
$3.3 million to deferred charges and other assets and long-term debt, respectively. The adoption of this guidance had no impact
on the Company s statements of income or cash flows. 

Deferred Income Taxes    In November
2015 ,  the FASB issued guidance on the classification of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, requiring entities
to present them as noncurrent on the balance sheet. This guidance was effective January 1, 2016 and did not have a material impact
on the Company s balance sheet. 

Revenue Recognition  - In May 2014, the
FASB issued an update to authoritative guidance related to revenue from contracts with customers. The update replaces most of the
existing guidance with a single set of principles for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. The FASB has deferred
the effective date of these new revenue recognition standards by one year to January 1, 2018. The Company is currently analyzing
the impact this standard will have on our financial statements. 

Inventory  - In July 2015, the FASB issued
guidance on simplifying the measurement of inventory. The new guidance replaces the current lower of cost or market test with a
lower of cost or net realizable value test when cost is determined on a first-in, first-out or average cost basis. The guidance
is effective January 1, 2017 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact
on the Company s financial statements. 

5   

      Index  

Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities  - In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance which (i) requires all investments in equity securities,
including other ownership interests such as partnerships, unincorporated joint ventures and limited liability companies, to be
carried at fair value through net income, (ii) requires an incremental recognition and disclosure requirement related to the presentation
of fair value changes of financial liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected, (iii) amends several disclosure
requirements, including the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate fair value or a description of the changes in
the methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value, and (iv) requires disclosure of the fair value of financial assets and
liabilities measured at amortized cost at the amount that would be received to sell the asset or paid to transfer the liability.
The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. The guidance is required
to be applied retrospectively with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings for initial application of the guidance
at the date of adoption (modified retrospective method). The Company is currently analyzing the impact this standard will have
on our financial statements. 

Accounting for Share-Based Payments -  In
March 2016, the FASB issued guidance which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions,
including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in
the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective January 1, 2017. The Company is currently analyzing the impact this standard
will have on our financial statements. 

Statement of Cash Flows -  In August
2016, the FASB issued guidance which amends the previous guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in
the statement of cash flows. The primary purpose of this guidance is to reduce the diversity in practice that has resulted from
the lack of consistent principles on this topic. The guidance is effective January 1, 2018 with early adoption permitted. The adoption
of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

There are no other new adopted or proposed
accounting guidance that the Company is aware of that could have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

Note 2     Rate and Regulatory Matters  

Middlesex -  In September 2016, the New
Jersey Board of Public Utilities (the NJBPU) approved a Middlesex petition to establish a purchased water adjustment clause and
implement a tariff rate sufficient to recover additional costs of less than $0.1 million for the purchase of treated water from
a non-affiliated regulated water utility. 

Tidewater -  Effective July 1, 2016,
Tidewater increased its Delaware Public Service Commission-approved Distribution System Improvement Charge (DSIC) rate, which is
expected to generate $0.3 million of annual revenues. A DSIC is a rate-mechanism that allows water utilities to recover investments
in, and generate a return on, qualifying capital improvements made between base rate proceedings. 

Pinelands  - In April 2016, the NJBPU
approved $0.2 million and $0.1 million increases, respectively, in Pinelands Water and Pinelands Wastewater s annual base
water and wastewater rates, effective May 7, 2016. In October 2015, the companies had filed petitions with the NJBPU seeking permission
to increase base rates by approximately $0.5 million per year. The rate filings were necessitated by capital infrastructure investments
the companies have made, or have committed to make, increased operations and maintenance costs and lower non-fixed fee revenues.
The Pinelands Water base water rate increase will be phased-in over two years. 

6   

      Index  

Twin Lakes    In June 2016, the
Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission approved a $0.1 million increase in Twin Lakes  base water rates, effective June
15, 2016. In November 2015, Twin Lakes had filed a petition seeking permission to increase its base water rates by approximately
$0.2 million per year. This request was necessitated by capital infrastructure investments Twin Lakes has made, or committed to
make, and increased operations and maintenance costs. The rate increase will be phased in over two years. 

Note 3   Capitalization  

Common Stock  

 During the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, there were 35,350 common shares (approximately $1.2 million) and 48,414 common shares (approximately $1.1 million),
respectively, issued under the Middlesex Water Company Investment Plan. 

Long-term Debt  

 In February 2016, Tidewater closed on a $1.2
million loan with the Delaware State Revolving Fund (SRF) program which allows, but does not obligate, Tidewater to draw against
a General Obligation Note to fund the replacement of the water distribution system in a manufactured home community. The interest
rate on all draws is 2.0% with a final repayment maturity date of February 1, 2036. Through September 30, 2016, Tidewater has drawn
$1.1 million on this loan and expects to draw down the remainder of the loan proceeds during the fourth quarter of 2016. 

In March 2016, the NJBPU approved Middlesex s
request to borrow up to $16.0 million through the New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust (NJEIT) under the New Jersey SRF
long-term loan program utilizing first mortgage bonds.  The proceeds will be used to fund the current year RENEW Program,
which is an ongoing initiative to eliminate all unlined water distribution mains in the Middlesex system. Under the SRF program,
borrowers first enter into a construction loan with the NJEIT, for which Middlesex closed on an $11.8 million zero percent (0%)
arrangement on June 28, 2016. Through September 30, 2016, Middlesex has drawn down $2.8 million and expects to draw down the remaining
proceeds during the fourth quarter of 2016. When construction on a qualifying project is substantially complete, the NJEIT will
coordinate the conversion of the construction loan into a twenty year long-term securitized loan with 75% of the principal balance
having a stated interest rate of zero percent (0%) and 25% of the principal balance at a market interest rate at the time of closing
using the credit rating of the State of New Jersey. The NJEIT generally schedules its long-term debt financings in November and
May. 

In July 2016, the NJBPU approved Middlesex s
request to borrow up to $4.0 million under the New Jersey SRF program to fund the upgrade of a booster station at one of its well
fields. Based on the current construction schedule, Middlesex expects to close on the SRF construction loan in December 2016
with proceeds requisitions occurring through September 2017.  

In 2016, the NJEIT de-obligated principal payments
of $0.5 million on several series of SRF loans. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

 The following methods and assumptions were
used by the Company in estimating its fair value disclosure for financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that
value. The carrying amounts reflected in the condensed consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,
accounts payable and notes payable approximate their respective fair values due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.
The fair value of the Company s long-term debt relating to First Mortgage and SRF Bonds (Bonds) is based on quoted market
prices for similar issues. Under the fair value hierarchy, the fair value of cash and cash 

7   

      Index  

equivalents is classified as a Level 1 measurement
and the fair value of the Bonds in the table below are classified as Level 2 measurements. The carrying amount and fair value of
the Company s bonds were as follows: 

For other long-term debt for which there was
no quoted market price and there is not an active trading market, it was not practicable to estimate their fair value (for details,
including carrying value, interest rate and due date on these series of long-term debt, please refer to those series noted as  Amortizing
Secured Note ,  State Revolving Trust Note  and  Construction Loans  on the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Capital Stock and Long-Term Debt). The carrying amount of these instruments was $56.0 million and $54.7 million at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Customer advances for construction have carrying amounts of $20.9 million
and $20.5 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Their relative fair values cannot be accurately estimated
since future refund payments depend on several variables, including new customer connections, customer consumption levels and future
rate increases. 

Note 4   Earnings Per Share  

Basic earnings per share (EPS) are computed on the basis of the
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted EPS assumes the conversion of both the Convertible
Preferred Stock $7.00 Series and the Convertible Preferred Stock $8.00 Series. 

8   

      Index  

Note 5   Business Segment Data  

The Company has identified two reportable segments.
One is the regulated business of collecting, treating and distributing water on a retail and wholesale basis to residential, commercial,
industrial and fire protection customers in parts of New Jersey, Delaware and Pennsylvania. This segment also includes regulated
wastewater systems in New Jersey and Delaware. The Company is subject to regulations as to its rates, services and other matters
by New Jersey, Delaware and Pennsylvania with respect to utility services within these states. The other segment is primarily comprised
of non-regulated contract services for the operation and maintenance of municipal and private water and wastewater systems in New
Jersey and Delaware. Inter-segment transactions relating to operational costs are treated as pass-through expenses. Finance
charges on inter-segment loan activities are based on interest rates that are below what would normally be charged by a third party
lender. 

9   

      Index  

Note 6   Short-term Borrowings  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has established
lines of credit aggregating $60.0 million. At September 30, 2016, the outstanding borrowings under these credit lines were $13.6
million at a weighted average interest rate of 1.51%. 

The weighted average daily amounts of borrowings
outstanding under the Company s credit lines and the weighted average interest rates on those amounts were as follows: 

10   

      Index  

The maturity dates for the $13.6 million outstanding
as of September 30, 2016 are all in October 2016 and are extendable at the discretion of the Company. 

Interest rates for short-term borrowings under
the lines of credit are below the prime rate with no requirement for compensating balances. 

Note 7   Commitments and Contingent Liabilities  

Water Supply  

 Middlesex has an agreement with the New Jersey
Water Supply Authority (NJWSA) for the purchase of untreated water through November 30, 2023, which provides for an average purchase
of 27.0 million gallons a day (mgd). Pricing is set annually by the NJWSA through a public rate making process. The agreement has
provisions for additional pricing in the event Middlesex overdrafts or exceeds certain monthly and annual thresholds. 

Middlesex also has an agreement with a non-affiliated
regulated water utility for the purchase of treated water. This agreement, which expires February 27, 2021, provides for the minimum
purchase of 3.0 mgd of treated water with provisions for additional purchases. 

Tidewater contracts with the City of Dover,
Delaware to purchase 15.0 million gallons of treated water annually. 

Purchased water costs are shown below: 

Contract Operations -  USA-PA operates
the City of Perth Amboy, New Jersey s (Perth Amboy) water and wastewater systems under a 20-year agreement, which expires
in 2018. In connection with the agreement with Perth Amboy, USA-PA entered into a 20-year subcontract with a wastewater operating
company for the operation and maintenance of the Perth Amboy wastewater collection system. The subcontract provides for the sharing
of certain fixed and variable fees and operating expenses. 

Guarantees -  Under
an agreement with the County of Monmouth, New Jersey (Monmouth County), Middlesex serves as guarantor of the performance of Applied
Water Management, Inc. (AWM) to operate a leachate pretreatment facility, owned by Monmouth County, at the Monmouth County Reclamation
Center in Tinton Falls, New Jersey. Middlesex expects to act as guarantor of AWM s performance through at least August 2018
and is contractually obligated to act as guarantor of AWM s performance through 2028 unless another guarantor, acceptable
to Monmouth County, is identified. Under agreements with AWM and Natural Systems Utilities, Inc. (NSU), the parent company of AWM,
Middlesex earns a fee for providing the guaranty of AWM s performance to Monmouth County. In addition, Middlesex provides
operational support to the project if necessary, and AWM and NSU, serving as guarantor to Middlesex with respect to the performance
of AWM, indemnify Middlesex against any claims that may arise under the Middlesex guaranty to Monmouth County. 

Middlesex believes
it is unlikely any payments would be made under Middlesex s guaranty of AWM s performance to Monmouth County. If requested
to perform under the guaranty to Monmouth County and, if AWM and NSU, as guarantor to Middlesex, do not fulfill their obligations
to indemnify Middlesex against any claims that may arise under the Middlesex guaranty to Monmouth County, Middlesex would be required
to fulfill the remaining operational commitment of AWM. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the liability recognized
in Other Non-Current Liabilities on the balance sheet for the guaranty is approximately $0.1 million. 

11   

      Index  

Construction  

 The Company expects to spend approximately
$46 million for its construction program in 2016. The actual timing and amount of capital expenditures is dependent on project
scheduling and refinement of engineering estimates for certain projects. 

Litigation  

 The Company is a defendant in lawsuits in the
normal course of business. We believe the resolution of pending claims and legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Change in Control Agreements  

 The Company has Change in Control Agreements
with certain of its officers that provide compensation and benefits in the event of termination of employment in connection with
a change in control of the Company. 

Note 8   Employee Benefit Plans  

Pension Benefits  

 The Company s Pension Plan covers all
active employees hired prior to April 1, 2007. Employees hired after March 31, 2007 are not eligible to participate in this plan,
but do participate in a defined contribution plan that provides an annual contribution at the discretion of the Company, based
upon a percentage of the participants  compensation. In order to be eligible for the annual contribution, the eligible employee
must be employed by the Company on December 31st of the year to which the contribution relates. For each of the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company made Pension Plan cash contributions of $1.0 million. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company made Pension Plan cash contributions of $2.5 million and $2.0 million, respectively. The Company
expects to make Pension Plan cash contributions of approximately $0.5 million over the remainder of the current year. The Company
also maintains an unfunded supplemental retirement benefit plan for certain active and retired Company officers and currently pays
$0.3 million in annual benefits to the retired participants. 

Other Postretirement Benefits  

 The Company s retirement plan other than
pensions (Other Benefits Plan) covers substantially all of its current retired employees. Employees hired after March 31, 2007
are not eligible to participate in this plan. Coverage includes healthcare and life insurance. For the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Company made Other Benefits Plan cash contributions of $0.2 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2015,
the Company did not make any Other Benefits Plan cash contributions. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company made Other Benefits Plan cash contributions of $0.7 million and $0.8 million, respectively. The Company expects to make
Other Benefits Plan cash contributions of approximately $0.2 million over the remainder of the current year. 

12   

      Index  

The following tables set forth information relating to the Company s
periodic costs for its employee retirement benefit plans: 

Note
9   Income Taxes  

As part of its 2014 Federal income tax return,
the Company adopted the final Internal Revenue Service (IRS) regulations pertaining to the tax deductibility of costs that qualify
as repairs on tangible property. The adoption resulted in a net reduction of $17.6 million in taxes previously remitted to the
IRS, for which the Company has already sought and received refunds pertaining to tax years 2012 through 2014 in accordance with
IRS regulations. Subsequently, the Company s 2014 federal income tax return was selected for examination by the IRS. It is
unknown at this time whether the results of this examination will result in any changes to the filed Federal income tax return. 

13   

      Index  

Item 2.       Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

 The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Middlesex Water Company (Middlesex or
the Company) included elsewhere herein and with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015. 

  Forward-Looking Statements  

 Certain statements contained in this periodic
report and in the documents incorporated by reference constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. The Company intends that these
statements be covered by the safe harbors created under those laws.  These statements include, but are not limited to: 

-  
      statements as to expected financial condition, performance, prospects and earnings of the Company;   

-  
      statements regarding strategic plans for growth;   

-  
      statements regarding the amount and timing of rate increases and other regulatory matters, including the recovery of certain costs recorded as regulatory assets;   

-  
      statements as to the Company s expected liquidity needs during the upcoming fiscal year and beyond and statements as to the sources and availability of funds to meet its liquidity needs;   

-  
      statements as to expected customer rates, consumption volumes, service fees, revenues, margins, expenses and operating results;   

-  
      statements as to financial projections;   

-  
      statements as to the expected amount of cash contributions to fund the Company s retirement benefit plans, anticipated discount rates and rates of return on retirement benefit plan assets;   

-  
      statements as to the ability of the Company to pay dividends;   

-  
      statements as to the Company s compliance with environmental laws and regulations and estimations of the materiality of any related costs;   

-  
      statements as to the safety and reliability of the Company s equipment, facilities and operations;   

-  
      statements as to the Company s plans to renew municipal franchises and consents in the territories it serves;   

-  
      statements as to trends; and    

-  
      statements regarding the availability and quality of our water supply.   

These forward-looking statements are subject
to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from anticipated
results and outcomes include, but are not limited to: 

-  
      the effects of general economic conditions;   

-  
      increases in competition in the markets served by the Company;   

-  
      the ability of the Company to control operating expenses and to achieve efficiencies in its operations;   

-  
      the availability of adequate supplies of water;   

-  
      actions taken by government regulators, including decisions on rate increase requests;   

-  
      new or additional water quality standards;   

-  
      weather variations and other natural phenomena;   

-  
      acts of war or terrorism;   

-  
      significant changes in the pace of housing development in Delaware;   

-  
      the availability and cost of capital resources; and   

-  
      other factors discussed elsewhere in this quarterly report.   

Many of these factors are beyond the Company s
ability to control or predict. Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements, which only speak to the Company s understanding as of the date of this report. The Company does not undertake
any obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

14   

      Index  

For an additional discussion of factors that
may affect the Company s business and results of operations, see Item 1A. - Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Overview  

Middlesex Water Company (Middlesex) has operated
as a water utility in New Jersey since 1897, in Delaware through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Tidewater Utilities, Inc. (Tidewater),
since 1992 and in Pennsylvania through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Twin Lakes Utilities, Inc. (Twin Lakes), since 2009. We are
in the business of collecting, treating and distributing water for domestic, commercial, municipal, industrial and fire protection
purposes. We also operate two New Jersey municipal water and wastewater systems under contract and provide regulated wastewater
services in New Jersey and Delaware through our subsidiaries. We are regulated as to rates charged to customers for water and wastewater
services, as to the quality of water service we provide and as to certain other matters in New Jersey, Delaware and Pennsylvania.
Only our Utility Service Affiliates, Inc. (USA), Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy), Inc. (USA-PA) and White Marsh Environmental
Services, Inc. (White Marsh) subsidiaries are not regulated utilities. 

Our New Jersey water utility system (the Middlesex
System) provides water services to approximately 61,000 retail customers, primarily in central New Jersey. The Middlesex System
also provides water service under contract to municipalities in central New Jersey with a total population of approximately 219,000.
Our Bayview subsidiary provides water services in Downe Township, New Jersey. Our other New Jersey subsidiaries, Pinelands Water
Company (Pinelands Water) and Pinelands Wastewater Company (Pinelands Wastewater) (collectively, Pinelands), provide water and
wastewater services to residents in Southampton Township, New Jersey. 

We have an investment in a joint venture, Ridgewood
Green RME, LLC, that owns and operates facilities to produce electricity at the Village of Ridgewood, New Jersey wastewater treatment
plant and other municipal facilities. 

In partnership with our subsidiary, USA-PA,
we operate the water supply system and wastewater system for the City of Perth Amboy, New Jersey (Perth Amboy). 

USA operates the Borough
of Avalon, New Jersey s (Avalon) water utility, sewer utility and storm water system. In addition to performing day-to-day
operations, USA is responsible for billing, collections, customer service, emergency responses and management of capital projects
funded by Avalon. Under a marketing agreement with HomeServe USA (HomeServe), USA offers residential customers in New Jersey and
Delaware a menu of water, wastewater and other residential-related maintenance programs. HomeServe is a leading provider of such
home maintenance service programs. USA receives a service fee for the billing, cash collection and other administrative matters
associated with HomeServe s service contracts. The agreement expires in 2021. USA also provides unregulated water and wastewater
services under contract with several New Jersey municipalities. 

Our Delaware subsidiaries, Tidewater and Southern
Shores Water Company, LLC, provide water services to approximately 42,000 retail customers in New Castle, Kent and Sussex Counties,
Delaware. Tidewater s subsidiary, White Marsh, services approximately 4,000 customers in Kent and Sussex Counties through
various operations and maintenance contracts. 

Our Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc.
subsidiary provides wastewater services to approximately 3,400 residential retail customers. 

Our Pennsylvania subsidiary, Twin Lakes, provides
water services to approximately 120 retail customers in the Township of Shohola, Pike County, Pennsylvania. 

15   

      Index  

The majority of our revenue is generated from
regulated retail and contract water services to customers in our service areas. We record water service revenue as such service
is rendered and include estimates for amounts unbilled at the end of the period for services provided after the last billing cycle.
Fixed service charges are billed in advance by our subsidiary, Tidewater, and are recognized in revenue as the service is provided. 

Our ability to increase operating income and
net income is based significantly on four factors: weather, adequate and timely rate relief, effective cost management, and customer
growth. These factors are evident in the discussions below which compare our results of operations with the prior period. 

Recent Developments  

Pinelands Water, Pinelands Wastewater and
Twin Lakes Rate Increases    In the second quarter of 2016, Pinelands Water, Pinelands Wastewater and Twin Lakes implemented
base rate increases of $0.2 million, $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively. The rate increases were necessitated by capital
infrastructure investments the companies have made and increased operations and maintenance costs. The Pinelands Water and Twin
Lakes rate increases will be phased-in over two years. 

Tidewater Distribution System Improvement
Charge (DSIC) -  Effective July 1, 2016, Tidewater increased its Delaware Public Service Commission-approved DSIC rate, which
is expected to generate $0.3 million of annual revenues. A DSIC is a rate-mechanism that allows water utilities to recover investments
in, and generate a return on, qualifying capital improvements made between base rate proceedings. 

Outlook   

Revenues in 2016 are expected to continue to
be favorably impacted by the following: 

The full year effect of Middlesex s August 2015 $5.0 million rate increase;   

Increased needs for water by Middlesex wholesale contract customers;   

Rate increases for Pinelands Water, Pinelands Wastewater and Twin Lakes implemented in the second
quarter of 2016 (see   Recent Developments   above regarding rate increases); and   

The increase in the Tidewater DSIC (see   Recent Developments   above regarding
DSIC).   

Revenues and earnings are influenced by weather.
The increased water demands in 2016 may not reoccur in 2017. Changes in water usage patterns, as well as increases in capital expenditures
and operating costs, are significant factors in determining the timing and extent of rate increase requests. As operating costs
are anticipated to increase in 2017 in a variety of categories, we continue to implement plans to further streamline operations
and further reduce, and mitigate increases in, operating costs. 

Operating expenses in 2016 will continue to
be favorably impacted by lower employee benefit plan expenses, primarily resulting from a market-driven higher discount rate used
in the 2016 actuarial valuation of our retirement benefit plans.   For
2017, current market-driven trending indicators portend a lower discount rate which consequently would result in higher employee
benefit plan expenses. 

Our strategy for profitable growth is focused on five key areas: 

Prudent acquisitions of investor- and municipally-owned water and wastewater utilities;   

Timely and adequate recovery of prudent investments in utility plant required to maintain appropriate
utility services;   

Operate municipal, commercial and industrial water and wastewater systems under contract;   

16   

      Index  

Invest in renewable energy projects that are complementary to the provision of water and wastewater
services, and to our core water and wastewater competencies; and   

Invest in other products, services and opportunities that complement our core water and wastewater
competencies.   

Operating Results by Segment  

The discussion of the Company s operating
results is on a consolidated basis and includes significant factors by subsidiary. The Company has two operating segments, Regulated
and Non-Regulated. 

The segments in the tables included below consist
of the following companies: Regulated - Middlesex, Tidewater, Pinelands, Southern Shores, TESI and Twin Lakes; Non-Regulated -
USA, USA-PA, and White Marsh. 

Results of Operations   Three Months
Ended September 30, 2016  

Operating Revenues  

Operating revenues for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 increased $3.1 million from the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily related to the following factors: 

Middlesex System revenues increased $2.3 million due to:   

o   Sales to General Metered Service and Public/Private Fire customers increased by $1.5 million, due
to the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (NJBPU)-approved rate increase implemented in August 2015 ($0.9 million) and favorable
weather conditions ($0.6 million); and   

o   Sales to Contract customers increased by $0.8 million primarily due to higher water demand;   

Tidewater System revenues increased $0.5 million due to additional customers ($0.4 million) and
weather-related demand ($0.1 million);   

Pinelands revenues increased $0.1 million due to the NJBPU-approved rate increases implemented
in May 2016 and weather-related demand;   

USA s revenues increased $0.1 million due to additional supplemental service revenues earned
under our contract to operate the Avalon water utility, sewer utility and storm water system; and   

USA-PA s revenues increased $0.1 million from scheduled fixed fee increases under our contract
with Perth Amboy.   

17   

      Index  

Operation and Maintenance Expense  

Operation and maintenance expenses for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.2 million from the same period in 2015, primarily related to the following factors: 

Employee benefit expense decreased by $0.3 million due primarily to lower retirement plan costs.
The 2016 costs were calculated using a higher discount rate than in the 2015 calculation of our net periodic plan costs;   

Labor costs increased by $0.3 million due to higher average labor rates and increased headcount,
partially offset by higher capitalized labor at Middlesex; and   

All other operation and maintenance expense categories decreased $0.2 million.   

Depreciation  

Depreciation expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 increased $0.2 million from the same period in 2015 due to a higher level of utility plant in service. 

Other Taxes  

Other taxes for the three months ended September
30, 2016 increased $0.4 million from the same period in 2015, primarily due to higher gross revenue taxes on increased Middlesex
system revenues. 

Other Income, net  

Other Income, net for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 increased $0.4 million from the same period in 2015, due primarily to the recognition by USA of previously deferred
income associated with the 10-year marketing agreement with HomeServe. 

Interest Charges  

Interest charges for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 decreased $0.1 million from the same period in 2015 due to lower average long-term and short-term debt balances
outstanding. 

Income Taxes  

Income taxes for the three months ended September
30, 2016 increased $1.1 million from the same period in 2015 due to higher taxable income in 2016 as compared to 2015. 

Net Income and Earnings Per Share  

Net income for the three months ended September
30, 2016 increased $2.1 million as compared with the same period in 2015. Basic and diluted earnings per share were $0.54 and $0.41
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

18   

      Index  

Results of Operations   Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016  

Operating Revenues  

Operating revenues for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased $6.0 million from the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily related to the following factors: 

Middlesex System revenues increased $5.5 million due to:   

o   Sales to General Metered Service and Public/Private Fire customers increased by $4.2 million, from
a NJBPU-approved rate increase implemented in August 2015 ($3.2 million) and favorable weather conditions ($1.0 million); and   

o   Sales to Contract customers increased by $1.3 million due to higher water demand ($1.2 million)
and from a NJBPU-approved rate increase implemented in August 2015 ($0.1 million);   

Tidewater System revenues increased $0.1 million due to additional customers ($0.6 million) mostly
offset by lower customer demand from unfavorable weather conditions in late-spring and early summer ($0.5 million);   

White Marsh revenues increased $0.1 million due to new contracts to operate water and wastewater
systems as well as additional billable supplemental services under existing contracts;   

Pinelands revenues increased $0.1 million due to the NJBPU-approved rate increase implemented in
May 2016 and weather-related demand; and   

All other revenue categories increased $0.2 million.   

Operation and Maintenance Expense  

Operation and maintenance expenses for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $0.9 million from the same period in 2015, primarily related to the following factors: 

Employee benefit expense decreased by $1.0 million due primarily to lower retirement plan costs.
The 2016 costs were calculated using a higher discount rate than in the 2015 calculation of our net periodic plan costs;   

Decreased cold weather main break repair activity, as compared to 2015, resulted in lower costs
of $0.2 million in our Middlesex System; and   

Variable production costs decreased $0.2 million, due primarily to improved non-revenue water management
and higher raw water quality in our Middlesex System; and   
  
        Labor costs increased by $0.5 million due to company-wide higher average labor rates and increased
headcount, partially offset by higher capitalized labor at Middlesex.   

19   

      Index  

Depreciation  

Depreciation expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased $0.6 million from the same period in 2015 due to a higher level of utility plant in service. 

Other Taxes   

Other taxes for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 increased $0.9 million from the same period in 2015, primarily due to higher gross revenue taxes on increased Middlesex
system revenues. 

Other Income, net  

Other Income, net for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased $0.4 million from the same period in 2015, due primarily to the recognition by USA of previously deferred
income associated with the 10-year marketing agreement with HomeServe. 

Interest Charges  

Interest charges for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 decreased $0.2 million from the same period in 2015due to lower average long-term and short-term debt balances
outstanding. 

Income Taxes  

Income taxes for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 increased $2.0 million from the same period in 2015, primarily due to higher taxable income in 2016 as compared to 2015. 

Net Income and Earnings Per Share  

Net income for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 increased $4.1 million as compared with the same period in 2015. Basic and diluted earnings per share were $1.19 and $0.95
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Operating Cash Flows  

Increases in cash flows from operations are
largely based on four factors: favorable weather, adequate and timely rate increases, effective cost management and customer growth.
The effect of those factors on net income is discussed in  Results of Operations.  

For the comparative nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, cash flows from operating activities increased $1.5 million to $30.7 million. This increase in cash
flows, which resulted primarily from higher water sales offset by higher income tax payments, enabled us to internally fund approximately
90% of current year utility plant expenditures. 

Investing Cash Flows  

For the comparative nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, cash flows used in investing activities increased $16.2 million to $34.1 million, which was attributable
to higher utility plant expenditures. 

For further discussion on the Company s
future capital expenditures and expected funding sources, see   Capital Expenditures and Commitments   below. 

20   

      Index  

Financing Cash Flows  

For the comparative nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, cash flows provided by financing activities increased $10.7 million to $1.5 million. The increase
in cash flows provided by financing activities resulted from increased short-term debt funding offset by higher net cash outflows
for long-term debt. 

Capital Expenditures and Commitments  

To fund our capital program, we use internally
generated funds, short-term and long-term debt borrowings, proceeds from sales of common stock under the Middlesex Water Company
Investment Plan (the Investment Plan) and proceeds from sales offerings to the public of our common stock. See below for a more
detailed discussion regarding the funding of our current year capital program. 

The capital investment program for 2016 is
currently estimated to be $46 million. We currently project that we may invest approximately $112 million in 2017 and 2018 on capital
projects. The actual amount and timing is dependent on project scheduling and refinement of engineering estimates for certain capital
projects. 

Through September 30, 2016, we have spent $34.1
million and expect to expend approximately $12 million on capital projects for the remainder of 2016. 

To fund our capital program for the remainder of 2016, we plan on
utilizing: 

Internally generated funds;   

Proceeds from the sale of common stock through the Investment Plan;   

Proceeds from the 2016 New Jersey and Delaware State Revolving Fund programs (up to $9.0 million
and $0.1 million, respectively); and   

Short-term borrowings, if necessary, through $60.0 million of available lines of credit with several
financial institutions. As of September 30, 2016, there remains $46.4 million to draw upon.   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
See Note 1 of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures of Market Risk  

We are exposed to market risk associated with
changes in interest rates and commodity prices. The Company is subject to the risk of fluctuating interest rates in the normal
course of business. Our policy is to manage interest rates through the use of fixed rate long-term debt and, to a lesser extent,
short-term debt. The Company s interest rate risk related to existing fixed rate, long-term debt is not material due to the
term of the majority of our First Mortgage Bonds, which have final maturity dates ranging from 2018 to 2047. Over the next twelve
months, approximately $6.1 million of the current portion of existing long-term debt instruments will mature. Applying a hypothetical
change in the rate of interest charged by 10% on those borrowings, would not have a material effect on our earnings. 

Our risks associated with commodity price increases
for chemicals, electricity and other commodities are mitigated through contractual arrangements and the ability to recover price
increases through rates approved by our economic regulators. Non-performance by these commodity suppliers could have a material
adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

We are exposed to credit risk for both our
Regulated and Non-Regulated business segments. Our Regulated operations serve residential, commercial, industrial and municipal
customers while our Non-Regulated operations engage in business activities with developers, government entities and other customers.
Our primary credit risk is exposure to customer default on contractual obligations and the associated loss that may be incurred
due to the non-payment of customer accounts receivable balances. Our credit risk is managed through established credit and collection
policies which are in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and involve monitoring of customer exposure and the use
of credit risk mitigation measures such as letters of credit or prepayment arrangements. Our credit portfolio is diversified with
no significant customer or industry concentrations. In addition, our Regulated businesses are generally able to recover all prudently
incurred costs including uncollectible customer accounts receivable expenses and collection costs through rates. 

21   

      Index  

The Company's retirement benefit plan assets
are exposed to fluctuating market prices of debt and equity securities. Changes to the Company's retirement benefit plan assets 
value can impact the Company's retirement benefit plan expense, funded status and future minimum funding requirements. Our risk
is reduced through our ability to recover retirement benefit plan costs through rates. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures was conducted by the Company s Chief Executive Officer along with the Company s
Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief
Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period
covered by this Report. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent
fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

22   

      Index  

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings    

None. 

Item 1A.   
         Risk Factors    

The information about risk factors does not
differ materially from those set forth in Part I, Item 1A. of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. 

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

None. 

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

None. 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not applicable. 

Item 5.   
       Other Information    

None. 

101.CAL  
      XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
      XBRL Labels Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
      XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
      XBRL Definition Linkbase Document   

23   

      Index  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

MIDDLESEX WATER COMPANY   

By:  
       /s/A. Bruce O Connor                 

A. Bruce O Connor   

Vice President, Treasurer and    

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

Date: November 1, 2016 

24   

<EX-10.33A>
 2
 ex10-33a.htm
 EX-10.33A

Exhibit 10.33(a) 

AMENDMENT   

This Amendment (the  Amendment ),
dated as of September 23, 2016, is between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association (the  Bank ) and Middlesex
Water Company, a New Jersey corporation, and its subsidiaries, Tidewater Utilities, Inc., a Delaware corporation, White Marsh Environmental
Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Pinelands Water Company, a New Jersey corporation, Pinelands Wastewater Company, a New Jersey
corporation, Utility Service Affiliates, Inc., a New Jersey corporation, Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc., a New Jersey
corporation, and Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as joint and several co-borrowers (parent and
subsidiary corporations individually and collectively referred to herein as  Borrower ). 

RECITALS  

A. The Bank and the Borrower entered into a
certain Letter Agreement ( Letter Agreement ) and Master Promissory Note ( Note ), each dated September
25, 2015, evidencing an uncommitted line of credit in the maximum amount of Twenty Eight Million Dollars ($28,000,000) (The Letter
Agreement and the Note are referred to herein as the  Loan Documents ). 

B. The Bank and the Borrower desire to amend
the Loan Documents to extend the Expiration Date and to address other changes to the Loan Documents. 

AGREEMENT  

1.  Definitions . Capitalized terms used
but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meaning given to them in the Loan Documents. 

2.   Amendments .   

(a)  The Letter Agreement is hereby amended as follows:   

September 22, 2017  is
hereby substituted for  September 23, 2016  in the section entitled  Expiration Date  on page one of the
Letter Agreement. 

(b)  The following section entitled  Government Sanctions  is added at the end of the Letter Agreement:   

(i)  The Borrower represents
that neither the Borrower nor any of its affiliated entities, including subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any
owner, trustee, director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative of the Borrower is an individual or entity ( Person )
currently the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government, including, without limitation,
the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union,
Her Majesty s Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively,  Sanctions ), nor is the Borrower
or any Obligor located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. 

- 1 - 

(ii)   The Borrower represents
and covenants that it will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the credit provided under this Agreement, or lend,
contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities
of or business with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions,
or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether
as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

(c) 
     The Note is hereby amended as follows:  

September 23, 2016  in subsection
(b) of the second paragraph of the Note is hereby deleted and  September 22, 2017  is substituted in its place. 

(c)  Subsection (a) (ii) (B) on page 3 of the Note is amended by the deletion of the following text:   

(including the last period in
each fiscal year)  

and the substitution therefor of the
following text: 

(excluding the last period in
each fiscal year)  

3.  Representations and Warranties . When
the Borrower signs this Amendment, the Borrower represents and warrants to the Bank that: (a) there is no event which is, or with
notice or lapse of time or both would be, a default under the Loan Documents except those events, if any, that have been disclosed
in writing to the Bank or waived in writing by the Bank, (b) this Amendment does not conflict with any law, agreement, or obligation
by which the Borrower is bound, (c) this Amendment is within the Borrower's powers, has been duly authorized, and does not conflict
with any of the Borrower's organizational papers, and (d) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 2(b) are confirmed
as of the date hereof. 

4.   Effect of Amendment . Except as provided in this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents shall
remain in full force and effect.   

5.    Counterparts . This Amendment may be
executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall
constitute but one and the same instrument. 

5.     FINAL AGREEMENT . BY SIGNING THIS DOCUMENT, EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND AGREES THAT: (A)
THIS DOCUMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, (B) THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN
ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND (C) THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF ANY PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR
SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR UNDERSTANDINGS OF THE PARTIES.    

The parties executed this Amendment as of the
date stated at the beginning of this Amendment, intending to create an instrument executed under seal. 

- 2 - 

Amendment to Letter Agreement and Note Signature
Page    

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.  

By:  /s/Dilcia Pena Hill   

Name: Dilcia P.
    Hill  

Title: Senior Vice
    President  

Acknowledged and Agreed:   

Middlesex Water Company 

By:  /s/A. Bruce O Connor  

 Name/Title:  A. Bruce O Connor,
VP, Treasurer   CFO  

Tidewater Utilities, Inc. 

By:  /s/A. Bruce O Connor  

 Name/Title:  A. Bruce O Connor, Treasurer  

White Marsh Environmental Systems, Inc. 

By:  /s/A. Bruce O Connor  

 Name/Title:  A. Bruce O Connor, Treasurer  

Pinelands Water Company 

By:  /s/A. Bruce O Connor  

 Name/Title:  A. Bruce O Connor, VP   Treasurer  

Pinelands Wastewater Company 

By:  /s/A. Bruce O Connor  

 Name/Title:  A. Bruce O Connor, VP   Treasurer  

Utility Service Affiliates, Inc. 

By:  /s/A. Bruce O Connor  

 Name/Title:  A. Bruce O Connor, VP   Treasurer  

Utility Service Affiliates (Perth Amboy) Inc. 

By:  /s/A. Bruce O Connor  

 Name/Title: A . Bruce O Connor, VP   Treasurer  

Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc. 

By:  /s/A. Bruce O Connor  

 Name/Title:  A. Bruce O Connor, Treasurer  

- 3 - 

</EX-10.33A>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES
13a-14  

  AND 15d-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934  

I, Dennis W. Doll, certify
that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Middlesex Water Company;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have;   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Dennis W. Doll          

Dennis W. Doll   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 1, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES
13a-14  

  AND 15d-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934  

I, A. Bruce O Connor,
certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Middlesex Water Company;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have;   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ A. Bruce O Connor          

A. Bruce O Connor   

Chief Financial Officer   

Date: November 1, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C.  1350 

I, Dennis W. Doll, hereby certify that, to
the best of my knowledge, the periodic report being filed herewith containing financial statements fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and that information contained in
said periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Middlesex
Water Company for the period covered by said periodic report. 

/s/ Dennis W. Doll                    

Dennis W. Doll   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 1, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Middlesex Water Company and will be retained by Middlesex Water Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C.  1350  

 I, A. Bruce O Connor, hereby
certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the periodic report being filed herewith containing financial statements fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and that information
contained in said periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of Middlesex Water Company for the period covered by said periodic report. 

/s/ A. Bruce O Connor               

A. Bruce O Connor   

Chief Financial Officer   

Date: November 1, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Middlesex Water Company and will be retained by Middlesex Water Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 msex-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 msex-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 msex-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 msex-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 msex-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 msex-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

