<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1392363_0001062993-16-012287_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3864432</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100125</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>295269</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>400591</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2140701</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>873261</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012287.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114135921
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012287
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001392363
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION SPECIAL TRADE CONTRACTORS [1700]
		IRS NUMBER:				208468508
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34515
		FILM NUMBER:		161993471

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 NORTH WEST FOURTH RING ROAD YINGU
		STREET 2:		MANSION SUITE 1708 HAIDAN DISTRICT,
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 10 82525361

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 NORTH WEST FOURTH RING ROAD YINGU
		STREET 2:		MANSION SUITE 1708 HAIDAN DISTRICT,
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100190

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TJS Wood Flooring, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070307

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012287.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. - Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES    
    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    
    Washington, D.C.
20549    
   FORM 10-Q    
 (Mark One)  
 [X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the quarterly period ended:   September 30, 2016
   
 [_] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from ____________ to _____________ 
 Commission File Number:   001-34515    
    CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP,
INC.     
(Eact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter)   

Nevada    
       20-8468508     
   
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
      organization)  
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
     
  9 North West Fourth Ring Road Yingu Mansion Suite
1708    Haidian District Beijing, People s Republic of China 100190
   
(Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code)   
   +86 10 82525361    
  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.  Yes [X]        No [_]
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 
 Yes [X]        No [_]  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

Large Accelerated Filer [_]  
     Accelerated
      Filer                  
      [_]   
   
     Non-Accelerated Filer   [_]  
     Smaller reporting company [X]   
   
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
          
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes [_] No [X]  
 The number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common equity, as of November 8, 2016 is as follows: 
 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PAGE  

PART
      I  FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
      3    

ITEM
      1.   
      FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   
      3    

ITEM
      2.   
      MANAGEMENT S
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
        
      23   

ITEM
      3.   
      QUANTITATIVE
      AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
      31    

ITEM
      4.   
      CONTROLS
      AND PROCEDURES   
      31    

PART
      II  OTHER INFORMATION    
      32    

ITEM
      6.   
      EXHIBITS
        
      32     
 2 

PART I   
   FINANCIAL INFORMATION      
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  
 3 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED)  
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (UNAUDITED)  
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS (UNAUDITED)  
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
  Note 1   Organization and description of business   
 China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. ( CADC
Delaware ) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on February 15, 2007. CADC
Delaware, through its 100% owned subsidiaries and its variable interest entities
( VIEs ), is engaged in producing general ready-mix concrete, customized
mechanical refining concrete, and other concrete-related products that are
mainly sold in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). CADC Delaware has a
wholly owned subsidiary in the British Virgin Islands, Xin Ao Construction
Materials, Inc. ( BVI-ACM ), which is a holding company with no operations.
BVI-ACM has a wholly owned foreign enterprise, Beijing Ao Hang Construction
Material Technology Co., Ltd. ( China-ACMH ), and China-ACMH has contractual
agreements with an entity which is considered as a VIE.  
 On August 1, 2013, CADC Delaware consummated a reincorporation
merger with its newly formed wholly owned subsidiary, China Advanced
Construction Materials Group, Inc. ( China ACM ), a Nevada corporation, with
CADC Delaware merging into China ACM and China ACM being the surviving company,
for the purpose of changing CADC Delaware s state of incorporation from Delaware
to Nevada.  
 Beijing XinAo Concrete Group ( Xin Ao ), a VIE, is engaged in
the business of consulting, concrete mixing and equipment rental services. Xin
Ao has five wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, and with  Xin Ao , the
 VIEs ) in the PRC: (1) Beijing Heng Yuan Zheng Ke Technical Consulting Co., Ltd
( Heng Yuan Zheng Ke ), (2) Beijing Hong Sheng An Construction Materials Co.,
Ltd ( Hong Sheng An ), (3) Beijing Heng Tai Hong Sheng Construction Materials
Co., Ltd ( Heng Tai ), (4) Da Tong Ao Hang Wei Ye Machinery, Equipment Rental
Co., Ltd ( Da Tong ) and (5) Luan Xian Heng Xin Technology Co., Ltd ( Heng
Xin ). There were no operations since establishment of these five entities and
the Company is not planning to pursue operations for these entities. As a
result, the Company has determined to dissolve these entities between March 2016
and June 2016. As of the date of this report, Da Tong and Heng Xi have already
been dissolved and the other three entities are still under the administrative
process of dissolution.  
 China ACM, BVI-ACM, China-ACMH and the VIEs are collectively
referred to as the  Company.   
  Note 2   Summary of significant accounting policies   
  Liquidity   
 In assessing the Company s liquidity, the Company monitors and
analyzes its cash on-hand and its operating and capital expenditure commitments.
The Company s liquidity needs are to meet its working capital requirements,
operating expenses and capital expenditure obligations.  
 The Company engages in the production of advanced construction
materials for large scale infrastructure, commercial and residential
developments. The Company s business is capital intensive and the Company is
highly leveraged. Debt financing in the form of short term bank loans, loans
from related parties and bank acceptance notes, have been utilized to finance
the working capital requirements and the capital expenditures of the Company.
Due to recurring losses, the Company s working capital was approximately $11.6
million as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $16.4 million as of June 30,
2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash on-hand of approximately
$8.2 million and restricted cash balances of approximately $4.6 million with the
remaining current assets mainly composed of accounts receivables, other
receivables and prepayments and advances.  
 Although the Company believes that it can realize its current
assets in the normal course of business, the Company s ability to repay its
current obligations will depend on the future realization of its current assets.
Management has considered its historical experience, the economy, trends in the
construction industry, the expected collectability of the accounts and other
receivables and the realization of the prepayments on inventory, and provided
for an allowance for doubtful accounts as of September 30, 2016. The Company
expects to realize the balances net of the allowance within the normal operating
cycle of a twelve month period. If the Company is unable to realize its current
assets within the normal operating cycle of a twelve month period, the Company
may have to consider its available source of funds through the following:  
 7 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
 
   Financial support and credit guarantee commitment from the Company s
  majority shareholders (See Note 9 - Related party transactions).
   Other available sources of financing from PRC banks and other financial
  institutions given the Company s credit history.   
 Based on the above considerations, the Company s management is
of the opinion that it has sufficient funds to meet the Company s working
capital requirements and debt obligations as they become due. However, there is
no assurance that management will be successful in their plan. There are a
number of factors that could potentially arise that could result in shortfalls
to the Company s plan, such as the demand for the Company s products, economic
conditions, the competitive pricing in the concrete-mix industry, the Company s
operating results continuing to deteriorate and the Company s bank and
shareholders not being able to provide continued support.  
  Basis of presentation   
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ) for interim financial
information pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ). These financial statements include the accounts of all
directly, indirectly owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities listed
below. All material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated
in consolidation. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting only
of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary to give a fair
presentation have been included. Interim results are not necessarily indicative
of results of a full year. The information in this Form 10-Q should be read in
conjunction with information included in the annual report for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2016 on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2016 and
have been consistently applied.  
  Principles of consolidation   
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
reflect the activities of the following subsidiaries and VIEs. All material
intercompany transactions have been eliminated.  

Ownership   
   
     Subsidiaries and
      VIEs  
       
     Place
      incorporated  
       
     percentage   
   
     BVI-ACM  
       
     British Virgin Island  
       
     100%   
   
     China-ACMH  
       
     Beijing, China  
       
     100%   
   
     Xin Ao  
       
     Beijing, China  
       
     VIE   
   
     Heng Yuan Zheng Ke  
       
     Beijing, China  
       
     VIE   
   
     Hong Sheng An  
       
     Beijing, China  
       
     VIE   
   
     Heng Tai  
       
     Beijing, China  
       
     VIE   
   
     Da Tong*  
       
     Datong, China  
       
     VIE   
   
     Heng Xin**  
       
     Luanxian, China  
       
     VIE    

 *Dissolved in August 2016  ** Dissolved in November 2016
  
 VIEs are generally entities that lack sufficient equity to
finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties
or whose equity holders lack adequate decision making ability. All VIEs with
which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary
beneficiary of the risks and rewards of the VIEs. The primary beneficiary is
required to consolidate the VIEs for financial reporting purposes.  
 Management makes ongoing assessments of whether China ACM is
the primary beneficiary of Xin Ao and its subsidiaries. Based upon a series of
contractual arrangements, the Company determined that Xin Ao and its
subsidiaries are VIEs subject to consolidation and that China ACM is the primary
beneficiary. Accordingly, the accounts of Xin Ao and its subsidiaries are
consolidated with those of China ACM.  
 The carrying amount of the VIEs  assets and liabilities are as
follows:  
 8 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
 
 * Payables to China - ACMH and BVI-ACM are eliminated upon
consolidation.  
  Use of estimates and assumptions   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. The significant
estimates and assumptions made in the preparation of the Company s unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements include deferred income taxes,
allowance for doubtful accounts, deferred stock-based compensation, the fair
value and useful lives of property, plant and equipment. Actual results could be
materially different from those estimates.  
  Foreign currency translation   
 The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The
functional currency of China ACM and BVI-ACM is the U.S. dollar. China-ACMH and
its VIEs use their local currency Chinese Renminbi ( RMB ) as their functional
currency. In accordance with the US GAAP guidance on Foreign Currency
Translation, the Company s results of operations and cash flows are translated
at the average exchange rates during the period, assets and liabilities are
translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet dates, and equity is
translated at historical exchange rates. As a result, amounts related to assets
and liabilities reported on the consolidated statements of cash flows will not
necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated
balance sheets.  
 Asset and liability accounts at September 30 and June 30, 2016,
were translated at RMB 6.67 to $1.00 and RMB 6.64 to $1.00, respectively. The
average translation rates applied to the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss and cash flows for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 were RMB 6.67 and RMB 6.27 to $1.00, respectively.  
 Translation gains (losses) that arise from exchange rate
fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional
currency are included in the results of operations. There were no foreign
currency transaction
gains or losses for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are included in
shareholders  equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income.
 
  Revenue recognition   
 Revenue is realized or realizable and earned when four criteria
are met:  
 
   Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists (the Company considers its
  sales contracts to be pervasive evidence of an arrangement);   
 9 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Delivery has occurred;  
   
   The seller s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and  
   
   Collectability of payment is reasonably assured.    
 The Company sells its concrete products primarily to major
local construction companies. Sales agreements are signed with each customer.
The agreements list all terms and conditions with the exception of delivery date
and quantity, which are evidenced separately in purchase orders. The purchase
price of products is fixed in the agreement and customers are not permitted to
renegotiate after the contracts have been signed. The agreements include a
cancellation clause if the Company or customers breach the contract terms
specified in the agreement.  
 The Company recognizes revenue when title and ownership of the
goods are transferred upon shipment to the customer by the Company and
collectability of payment is reasonably assured.  
 The Company includes the shipping and handling fee in both
revenue and cost of revenue.  
  Financial instruments   
 US GAAP regarding fair value of financial instruments and
related fair value measurements define fair value, establish a three-level
valuation hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.
 
 The three levels of inputs are defined as follows:  
 Level 1 inputs to the valuation
methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities
in active markets;  
 Level 2 inputs to the valuation
methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active
markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial
instrument;  
 Level 3 inputs to the valuation
methodology are unobservable.  
 Current assets and current liabilities are reported in the
consolidated balance sheets at face value or cost, which approximate fair value
because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments
and their expected realization and their current market rates of interest.  
  Cash and cash equivalents   
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with the
original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash
equivalents. The Company currently maintains substantially all of its day-to-day
operating cash balances with major financial institutions within PRC and US. As
of September 30 and June 30, 2016, the Company had deposits in excess of
federally insured limits totaling approximately $8.2 million and $0.9 million,
respectively.  
  Restricted cash   
 As of September 30 and June 30, 2016, restricted cash consisted
of collateral representing cash deposits for bank guarantees and notes payable.
 
  Accounts receivable   
 During the normal course of business, the Company extends
unsecured credit to its customers. Accounts are considered past due after 30
days. In establishing the required allowance for doubtful accounts, management
considers the historical experience, the economy, trends in the construction
industry and the expected collectability of the overdue receivables. Management
reviews its accounts receivable each reporting period to determine if the allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate. An estimate for
doubtful accounts is recorded when collection of the full amount is no longer
probable. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means
of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovering is considered
remote. The Company provides a provision of 15% of allowance for doubtful
accounts for accounts receivable balance that are past due more than 180 days
but less than one year, 40% of allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts
receivable past due from one to two years, 75% of allowance for doubtful
accounts for accounts receivable past due beyond two years, 100% of allowance
for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable past due beyond three years, plus
additional amount as necessary, which the Company s collection department had
determined the collection of the full amount is remote with the approval from
the Company s management to provide 100% provision allowance for doubtful
accounts. The Company s management has continued to evaluate the reasonableness
of the valuation allowance policy and update it if necessary.  
 10 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
  Other receivables   
 Other receivables primarily include prepayments to be refunded
by our suppliers if the supplies do not meet the Company s specification need,
advances to employees, due from unrelated entities, VAT tax refunds and other
deposits. Management regularly reviews the aging of receivables and changes in
payment trends and records allowance when management believes collection of
amounts due are at risk. Accounts considered uncollectible are written off
against the allowance after exhaustive efforts at collection are made. The
Company provides a provision of 5% of allowance for doubtful accounts for other
receivables balance that are aged within one year, 50% of allowance for doubtful
accounts for other receivables aged from one to two years, 100% of allowance for
doubtful accounts for other receivables aged beyond two years.  
  Inventories   
 Inventories consist of raw materials and are stated at the
lower of cost or market, as determined using the weighted average cost method.
Management compares the cost of inventories with the market value and an
allowance is made for writing down the inventory to its market value, if lower
than cost. As of September 30 and June 30, 2016, the Company determined that no
reserves for obsolescence were necessary.  
  Prepayments and advances   
 Prepayments are funds deposited or advanced to outside vendors
for future inventory purchases. As a standard practice in China, many of the
Company s vendors require a certain amount to be deposited with them as a
guarantee that the Company will complete its purchases on a timely basis. This
amount is refundable and bears no interest. The Company has legally binding
contracts with its vendors, which require any outstanding prepayments to be
returned to the Company when the contract ends.  
 The Company wrote off approximately $0.1 million on
unrealizable prepayments for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
  Property, plant and equipment   
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures
for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred while
additions, renewals and improvements are capitalized. Depreciation is provided
over the estimated useful life of each class of depreciable assets and is
computed using the straight-line method with 5% residual value. Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the lesser of estimated useful lives or lease
terms, as appropriate.  
 The estimated useful lives of assets are as follows:  

Useful life   

Transportation equipment  
     7-10 years

Plant and machinery  
     10 years   

Office equipment  
     5 years   

Buildings and improvements   
      3-20
      years    
 
 11 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
  Accounting for long-lived assets   
 The Company classifies its long-lived assets into: (i)
machinery and equipment; (ii) transportation equipment; (iii) office and
equipment; and (iv) buildings and improvements.  
 Long-lived assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of such assets may not be fully recoverable. It is possible that
these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry
changes. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested
for possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows
expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value. If
the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on
an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that
the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through
various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, quoted
market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary.
 
 If the value of an asset is determined to be impaired, the
impairment to be recognized is measured in the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed
of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value, less
disposition costs.  
 Due to recurring losses, the deterioration of the concrete-mix
industry in the city of Beijing, PRC and competitive pricing pressure, the
Company has performed an impairment analysis and determined its long-lived
assets were impaired during the year ended June 30, 2016. As a result, the
Company recorded an impairment charge of $2.6 million for the year ended June
30, 2016. These charges were related to the impairment of the Company s
transportation equipment and plant and machinery. The loss was determined using
Level 3 inputs (See Note 6). There was no impairment charge for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 Competitive pricing pressure and changes in interest rates
could materially and adversely affect the Company s estimates of future net cash
flows to be generated by the long-lived assets, and thus could result in future
impairment losses.  
  Stock-based compensation   
 The Company records stock-based compensation expense at fair
value on the grant date and recognizes the expense over the employee's requisite
service period. The Company s expected volatility assumption is based on the
historical volatility of Company s stock. The expected life assumption is
primarily based on historical exercise patterns and employee post-vesting
termination behavior. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the
option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
The expected dividend yield is based on the Company s current and expected
dividend policy.  
  Income taxes   
 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC
740,  Income Taxes,  which requires the Company to use the assets and liability
method of accounting for income taxes. Under the assets and liability method,
deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary
differences by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years
to differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of
existing assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry
forwards. Under this accounting standard, the effect on deferred income taxes of
a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the
enactment date. A valuation allowance is recognized if it is more likely than
not that some portion, or all of, a deferred tax asset will not be realized.
 
 ASC 740-10,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, 
defines uncertainty in income taxes and the evaluation of a tax position as a
two-step process. The first step is to determine whether it is more likely than
not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including the
resolution of any related appeals or litigation based on the technical merits of
that position. The second step is to measure a tax position that meets the
more-likely-than-not threshold to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized
in the financial statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount of
benefit that is greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon
ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first
subsequent period in which the threshold is met. Previously recognized tax
positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not criteria should be
de-recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which the
threshold is no longer met. Penalties and interest incurred related to
underpayment of income tax are classified as income tax expense in the period
incurred. United States federal, state and local income tax returns prior to
2013 are not subject to examination by any applicable tax authorities.  
 12 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
  Value Added Tax   
 Enterprises or individuals, who sell commodities, engage in
repair and maintenance, or import and export goods in the PRC are subject to a
value added tax. The standard VAT rate was 6% of gross sales for the Company s
industry, which was reduced to 3% of gross sales on July 1, 2014. Due to the
fact that the Company uses recycled raw materials to manufacture its products,
the State Administration of Taxation granted the Company a VAT tax exemption,
which expired in June 2015. From July 2015 going forward, the Company is subject
to VAT at the reduced rate of 3% of the gross sales price.  
  Research and development   
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The
cost of materials and equipment that are acquired or constructed for research
and development activities, and have alternative future uses, either in research
and development, marketing, or sales, are classified as property and equipment,
and depreciated over their estimated useful lives..  
  Earnings (loss) per share   
 The Company reports earnings (loss) per share in accordance
with the US GAAP, which requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings
(loss) per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in
computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings (loss) per share excludes
dilution and is computed by dividing income (loss) available to common
shareholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution
that could occur if securities or other contracts, such as warrants, options,
restricted stock based grants and convertible preferred stock, to issue common
stock were exercised and converted into common stock. Common stock equivalents
having an anti-dilutive effect on earnings per share are excluded from the
calculation of diluted earnings per share. For each of the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss
per share since the addition of any contingently issuable shares would be
anti-dilutive.  
 Stock dividends or stock splits be accounted for retroactively
if the stock dividends or stock splits occur during the period, or retroactively
if the stock dividends or stock splits occur after the end of the period but
before the release of the financial statements, by considering it outstanding of
the entirety of each period presented. Dilution is computed by applying the
treasury stock method. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be
exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later),
and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the
average market price during the period.  
  Comprehensive income (loss)   
 Comprehensive income (loss) consists of net income (loss) and
foreign currency translation adjustments.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 In August 2016, the FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update
(ASU) No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of
Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, to address diversity in how certain
cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of
cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on the following eight specific cash
flow issues: (1) Debt Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs; (2) Settlement of
Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest
Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the
Borrowing; (3) Contingent Consideration Payments Made after a Business
Combination; (4) Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims; (5) Proceeds
from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including
Bank-Owned; (6) Life Insurance Policies; (7) Distributions Received from Equity
Method Investees; (8) Beneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions; and
Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance
Principle. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The
amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each
period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively
for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied
prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. Management is evaluating the
effect, if any, on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 13 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
 In October 2016, the FASB has issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2016-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests held through
related parties that are under common control. The amendments in this ASU
require that the reporting entity, in determining whether it satisfies the
second characteristic of a primary beneficiary, to include all of its direct
variable interests in a VIE and, on a proportionate basis, its indirect variable
interests in a VIE held through related parties, including related parties that
are under common control with the reporting entity. The amendments are effective
for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the
amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.
Management does not believe the adoption of this ASU would have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
  Reclassifications   
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to
the current year presentation. These reclassifications have no effect on the
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and cash
flows.  
  Note 3   Accounts receivable, net   
 Accounts receivable, net consisted of the following:  
 
 Movement of allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows:  
 
  Note 4   Inventories   
 Inventories consisted of the following:  
 14 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
 
  Note 5   Other receivables, net   
  Other receivables   
 Other receivables consisted of the following:  
 
 Movement of allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows:  
 
  Other receivable from sale of Asset Group   
 On February 29, 2016, the Company terminated an operating lease
for its concrete plant in the eastern suburban area of Beijing due to the fact
that the plant was not operating at ideal capacity and the Company did not
anticipate it would be in the foreseeable future. The Company entered into an
agreement with the lessor to terminate its operating lease, which was originally
effective from August 18, 2013 to August 17, 2021, and for the sale of certain
of the Company s assets and liabilities ( Asset Group ) at the leased location.
Under the agreement, the carrying value of the Asset Group was determined to be
RMB 13.7 million (approximately $2.1 million), and was settled for RMB 11.2
million (approximately $1.7 million). The Company recognized approximately $0.4
million loss from the sale of the Asset Group for the year ended June 30, 2016.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the remaining consideration of RMB 8.2
million (approximately $1.2 million) as of September 30, 2016 are to be paid by
December 31, 2016.  
 In accordance with ASC 205, the Company did not report the sale
of the Asset Group as discontinued operations as the sale of the Asset Group did
not represent a strategic shift that has a major effect on the Company s
operations and financial results.  
  Note 6   Property, plant and equipment   
 Property, plant and equipment consist of the following:
  
 15 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Depreciation expense for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 amounted to approximately $0.3 million and $0.5 million,
respectively.  
  Note 7   Prepayments and advances   
 Prepayments and advances consisted of the following:  

Note 8   Credit Facilities   
   Short term loans - banks:      
 The outstanding balances on these loans consisted of the
following: 
 
 Beijing Jinshengding Mineral Products Co., LTD is a supplier to
the Company. Mr. Xianfu Han is the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Also see
Note 9   Related party transactions.  
 Interest expenses were approximately $0.2 million and $0.2
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
 
 16 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
   Notes payable:   
 Bank notes are issued to a third party for inventory purchases.
The notes payable are guaranteed by Beijing Jinshengding Mineral Products Co.,
LTD., Xianfu Han and his spouse, Chunying Wang, and Weili He and his spouse,
Junkun Chen, and amounted to approximately $20.5 million and $18.1 million as of
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively, and were non-interest
bearing with expiration dates between October 2016 (repaid) and February 2017.
The restricted cash for the notes was approximately $4.6 million and $4.1
million as of September 30 and June 30, 2016, respectively.  
  Note 9   Related party transactions   
  Other payables   shareholders   
 Two shareholders have advanced funds to BVI-ACM for working capital
purposes. The advances are non-interest bearing, unsecured, and are payable in
cash on demand. These two shareholders are officers of the Company. They and their
spouses also guaranteed certain short-term loans payable and notes payable of
the Company (see Note 8). The other payables balance also includes the Company s
salary payables to the two shareholders.  
 Other payables - shareholders consisted of the following:  

Note 10   Income taxes   
  (a) Corporate income tax   
 China ACM was organized in the United States. China ACM had no
taxable income for United States income tax purposes for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, China ACM s
net operating loss carry forward for United States income taxes was
approximately $0.4 million. The net operating loss carry forward are available
to reduce future years  taxable income through year 2033. Management believes
that the realization of the benefits from these losses appears uncertain due to
the Company s operating history and continued losses in the United States.
Accordingly, the Company has provided a 100% valuation allowance on the deferred
tax asset to reduce the asset to zero. As of September 30 and June 30, 2016,
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was approximately $0.2 million and
$0.2 million, respectively. Management reviews this valuation allowance
periodically and makes changes accordingly.  
 BVI-ACM was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands ( BVI )
and where its income tax rate is 0% under the current laws of the BVI.  
  China-ACMH and VIEs-Chinese operations   
 China-ACMH and VIEs are governed by the income tax laws of the
PRC and the income tax provision in respect to operations in the PRC is
calculated at the applicable tax rates on the taxable income for the periods
based on existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.
Under the Chinese Enterprise Income Tax ( EIT ) law, the statutory corporate
income tax rate applicable to most companies is 25%. In 2009, Xin Ao applied and
received an Enterprise High-Tech Certificate. The certificate was awarded based
on Xin Ao s involvement in producing high-tech products, its research and
development, as well as its technical services. As granted by the State
Administration of Taxation of the PRC, Xin Ao is entitled to a reduction in its
income tax rate from 25% to 15% until 2018.  
 17 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
 The EIT Law imposes a 10% withholding income tax, subject to
reduction based on tax treaties where applicable, for dividends distributed by a
foreign invested enterprise to its immediate holding company outside China. Such
dividends were exempted from PRC tax under the previous income tax law and
regulations. The Company intends to permanently reinvest undistributed earnings
of its Chinese operations located in the PRC. As a result, there is no deferred
tax expense related to withholding tax on the future repatriation of these
earnings.  
 Loss before provision for income taxes consisted of:  

Significant components of deferred tax assets were as follows:

As of September 30 and June 30, 2016, the Company believes it
is more likely than not that its China operations will be unable to fully
utilize its deferred tax assets related to its allowance for doubtful accounts,
impairment loss of long-lived assets and the net operating loss carry forward in
China. As the Company continued to incur losses in its China operations, it is
more likely than not that it will not have sufficient income to utilize its
deferred tax assets. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has a net operating
loss carry forward in China that expires in 2021.  As a result, the Company had
provided 100% allowance on all the deferred tax assets of approximately $7.3
million and $6.5 million as of September 30 and June 30, 2016, respectively.
 
 The Company has incurred losses from its U.S. operations during
all periods presented. Accordingly, management provided approximately
$0.3 million and $0.2 million of valuation allowance against the deferred tax
assets related to the Company s U.S. operations as of September 30, 2016 and
June 30, 2016, respectively, since the deferred tax benefits of the net
operating loss carry forward in the U.S. might not be utilized.  
 Changes to valuation allowance for deferred tax assets were as
follows:  
 
 18 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
  (b) Uncertain tax positions   
 There were no uncertain tax positions as of September 30 and
June 30, 2016. Management does not anticipate any potential future adjustments
which would result in a material change to its tax positions. For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not incur any tax
related interest and penalties.  
  Note 11   Shareholders  equity   
  Restricted Stock Grants   
 Restricted stock grants are measured based on the market price
on the grant date. The Company has granted restricted shares of common stock to
the members of the board of directors (the  Board ), senior management and
consultants.  
 Effective August 20, 2016, the Board granted an aggregate of
106,859 shares of restricted common stock, which were issued with a market value
of $308,823 to a consultant under the 2009 Plan. These shares shall be vested in
two tranches upon achieving certain performance-based milestones. As of
September 30, 2016, these shares have not vested and the milestones have not
been determined by the Board.  
 Effective August 20, 2016, the Board granted an aggregate of
100,000 shares of restricted common stock, which were issued with a market value
of $289,000 to two employees under the 2009 Plan. These shares are vested
immediately upon grant.  
 For each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Company recognized approximately $0.3 million of compensation expenses
related to restricted stock grants.  
 Following is a summary of the restricted stock grants:  
 
  Note 12   Reserves and dividends   
 The laws and regulations of the PRC require that before a
foreign invested enterprise can legally distribute profits, it must first
satisfy all its tax liabilities, provide for losses in previous years, and make
allocations, in proportions determined at the discretion of the Board, after the
statutory reserves. The statutory reserves include the surplus reserve fund and
the common welfare fund.  
 The Company is required to transfer 10% of its net income, as
determined in accordance with the PRC accounting rules and regulations, to a
statutory surplus reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches 50% of the
Company s registered capital. As of June 30, 2016, the remaining reserve to
fulfill the 50% registered capital requirement amounted to $1.9 million. As of
September 30, 2016, the capital requirement amount reduced to approximately $1.7
million after the dissolution of Da Tong.  
 19 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
 The transfer to this reserve must be made before the
distribution of any dividends to the Company s shareholders. The surplus reserve
fund is non-distributable other than during liquidation. The surplus reserve
fund can however be used to fund previous years  losses, if any, and may be
utilized for business expansion or converted into share capital by issuing new
shares to existing shareholders in proportion to their shareholding or by
increasing the par value of the shares currently held by them, provided that the
remaining reserve balance after such issue is not less than 25% of the
registered capital.  
 The Chinese government restricts distributions of registered
capital and the additional investment amounts required by foreign invested
enterprises. Approval by the Chinese government must be obtained before
distributions of these amounts can be returned to the shareholders.  
  Note 13   Employee post-retirement benefits   
 The Company offers a defined contribution plan to eligible
employees which consists of two parts: (i) the first part, paid by the Company,
is 20% of the employee s compensation from the prior year and (ii) the second
part, paid by the employee, is 8% of the employee s compensation. The Company s
contributions of employment benefits were approximately $0.2 million for each of
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
  Note 14   Commitments and contingencies   
  Lease Commitments   
 The Company has a lease agreement for a concrete service plant
with an unrelated party which will expire on September 30, 2017, with annual
payments of approximately $202,000. The Company has a lease agreement for a
roadway access in the west side entry of the concrete service plant with an
unrelated party which will expire on June 30, 2019. The Company has a lease
agreement to lease office space from a related party through October 31, 2018,
with annual payments of approximately $24,000.  
 Operating lease expenses are allocated between the cost of
revenue and selling, general, and administrative expenses. Total operating lease
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were
approximately $60,000 and $200,000, respectively. Future annual lease payments
under non-cancelable operating leases with a term of one year or more consist of
the following:  

Legal Contingencies   
 From time to time, the Company is a party to various legal
actions arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company accrues costs
associated with these matters when they become probable and the amount can be
reasonably estimated. Legal costs incurred in connection with loss contingencies
are expensed as incurred. The Company s management does not expect any liability
from the disposition of such claims and litigation individually or in the
aggregate would have a material adverse impact on the Company s unaudited
condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  
  Note 15 - Concentrations   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had
two customers representing approximately 16.8% and 16.5% of total revenue. For
the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company had one customer
representing approximately 12.4% of total revenue. As of September 30 and June
30, 2016, no customer accounting for more than 10% of the total balance of
accounts receivable.  
 20 

CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had
two vendors representing approximately 10.7% and 10.2% of total purchases. For
the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company had one vendor
representing approximately 10.1% of total purchases. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had one vendor accounting for approximately 10.7% of total balance
of accounts payable. As of June 30, 2016, no vendor accounted for more than 10%
of the total balance of accounts payable.  
 21 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.   
  Overview   
 We are a holding company whose primary business operations are
conducted through our wholly-owned subsidiaries Xin Ao Construction Materials,
Inc. ( BVI-ACM ) and Beijing Ao Hang Construction Material Technology Co., Ltd.
( China-ACMH ), and our variable interest entities, Beijing XinAo Concrete Group
( Xin Ao ) and its subsidiaries. We engage in the production and supply of
advanced construction materials for large scale commercial, residential, and
infrastructure developments, and are primarily focused on producing and
supplying a wide range of advanced ready-mix concrete materials for highly
technical, large scale, and environmentally-friendly construction projects.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we supplied
materials and provided services to our projects through one ready-mixed concrete
plant in Beijing.  
 Our management believes that we have the ability to capture a
greater share of the Beijing market via expanding relationships and networking,
signing new contracts, and continually developing market-leading innovative and
eco-friendly ready-mix concrete products.  
  Principal Factors Affecting Our Financial Performance
  
 We believe that the following factors will continue to affect
our financial performance: 

-  
     
       Large Scale Contractor Relationships. We have contracts
      with major construction contractors which are constructing key
      infrastructure, commercial and residential projects. Our sales efforts
      focus on large-scale projects and large customers which place large
      recurring orders and present less credit risk to us. For the three months
      ended September 30, 2016, two customers accounted for approximately 16.8%
      and 16.5% of our sales. Should we lose any large scale customers in the
      future and are unable to obtain additional customers, our revenues will
      suffer.    

-  
     
       Experienced Management. Management s technical knowledge
      and business relationships give us the ability to secure major
      infrastructure projects, which provides us with leverage to acquire less
      sophisticated operators, increase production volumes, and implement
      quality standards and environmentally sensitive policies. If there were to
      be any significant turnover in our senior management, it could deplete the
      institutional knowledge held by our existing senior management team.

-  
     
       Innovation Efforts. We strive to produce the most
      technically and scientifically advanced products for our customers and
      maintain close relationships with Tsinghua University, Xi an University of
      Architecture and Technology and Beijing Dongfang Jianyu Institute of
      Concrete Science   Technology. We entered technical service contracts
      with these research institutes to further improve our production and
      products. If our research and development efforts are not sufficient to
      adapt to the change in technology in the industry, our products may not
      compete effectively.    

-  
     
       Competition. Our competition includes a number of
      state-owned and large private PRC-based manufacturers and distributors
      that produce and sell products similar to ours. We compete primarily on
      the basis of quality, technological innovation and price. Essentially, all
      of the contracts on which we bid are awarded through a competitive bid
      process, with award contracts often being made awarded to the lowest
      bidder, though other factors such as shorter schedules or prior experience
      with the customer are often just as important. Within our markets, we
      compete with many national, regional and local state- owned and private
      construction entities some of which have achieved greater market
      penetration or have greater financial and other resources than us. In
      addition, there are a number of larger national companies in our industry
      that could potentially establish a presence in our markets and compete
      with us for contracts. If we are unable to compete successfully in our
      markets, our relative market share and profits could be reduced.
      
  Consolidated Results of Operations   
  Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   
 The following table sets forth key components of our results of
operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, in US
dollars:  
 22 

Revenue  . Our revenue is primarily generated from
sales of our advanced ready-mix concrete products. For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, we generated total revenue of approximately $7.5 million, as
compared to approximately $13.5 million during the three months ended September
30, 2015, a decrease of approximately $6.0 million, or 45%. The decrease in
revenue was principally due to the decreased sales volume by 37% resulting from
the strengthened government s control of inspection of overloaded transportation
vehicles, which also affect our sales on our concrete truck transportation. In
addition, due to the increasing competition in the concrete industry in the city
of Beijing, our revenue decrease was also attributable to a decrease in our
selling price of concrete during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to the same period in 2015. 
   Cost of Revenue   .  Total cost of revenue,
which consists of direct labor, rentals, depreciation, other overhead and raw
materials, including inbound freight charges, was approximately $8.4 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to approximately $11.9
million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of
approximately $3.4 million, or 29%. The decrease in cost of revenue was
primarily associated with the decrease in our sales volume. The decrease in
our cost of revenue was offset by the increase of the purchase unit price of
cement for our production use during the three months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to the same period in 2015. As a result, our cost of revenue has
decreased by 29% during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as opposed to
2015. 
   Gross Profit (Loss)  . Total gross loss was
approximately $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as
compared to approximately $1.6 million of gross profit for the three months
ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of approximately $2.6 million, which was
primarily due to the decrease of sales volume, the decrease of our selling price
of concrete and the increase of the purchase unit price of cement for our
production use during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
the same period in 2015.  
   Provision for Doubtful Accounts  . We incurred a
provision for doubtful accounts charge of approximately $2.1 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to approximately $0.9 million
during the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of approximately
$1.2 million, or 133%. In accordance with our allowance for doubtful accounts
policy, at the end of each quarter, we conduct an aging analysis of each
customer s arrears to determine whether the allowance for doubtful accounts is
adequate. In establishing the allowance for doubtful accounts, we consider the
historical experience, the economy, trends in the construction industry,
expected collectability of amounts receivable that are past due and the expected
collectability of overdue receivables. An estimate of doubtful accounts is
recorded when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Known bad
debts are written off against allowance for doubtful accounts when identified.
After reviewing individual balances, we provide a provision of 15% for accounts
receivable past due more than 180 days but less than one year, 40% for accounts
receivable past due from one to two years, 75% for accounts receivable past due
beyond two years, 100% for accounts receivable past due beyond three years, plus
additional amounts as necessary.  
 As of September 30, 2016, our accounts receivable aging are as
follows:  

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  .
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of sales commissions,
advertising and marketing costs, office rent and expenses, costs associated with
staff and support personnel who manage our business activities, and professional
fees paid to third parties. We incurred selling, general and administrative
expenses of approximately $1.9 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to approximately $1.5 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, an increase of approximately $0.3 million. The increase
was primarily due to a $0.3 million increase in salaries, social security and
benefit expense and $0.2 million increase in professional fees offset by a $0.1
million decrease in meal and entertainment expenses and $0.1 million decrease in
rental and other various G A expenses as compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015.  
 23 

Research and Development Expenses  . Research and
development expenses were approximately $0.1 million for each of the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company s research
and development expenditures were maintained at a similar percentage year over
year as to the revenue and was adjusted based on economic outlook plus
discretionary spending on projects that were deemed to help improve our
competitive advantage.  
   Loss from Operations.   We incurred a loss from
operations of approximately $5.0 million and $1.0 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Such increase of approximately
$4.0 million in loss from operations was primarily due to a $2.6 million
decrease in gross profit and a $1.2 million increase in provision of doubtful
accounts, 0.3 million increase in selling, general and administration expenses
and was primarily offset by a $0.1 million decrease in research and development
expenses.  
   Other Income (Expense), Net  . Our other income
(expense) consists of interest income (expense), finance expense and other
non-operating income (expense). We earned interest income of approximately
$8,000 and $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The decrease in interest income was mainly due to approximately
$30,000 short term investment held in a financial investment company on
September 30, 2016 as opposed to $5.2 million balance held on September 30,
2015. Approximately $0.2 million of interest expense was recorded for each of
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
approximately $0.2 million and $0.1 million of finance expense was recorded for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
   Provision for Income Taxes.   We did not incur
provision for income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as
we did not generate any income for tax provision and provided 100% allowance
from net operating losses on deferred tax assets.  
   Net Loss.   We incurred net loss of approximately
$5.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to a net
income of approximately $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30,
2015, a negative change in the amount of $4.2 million. Such change was the
result of the combination of the changes as discussed above.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of
approximately $8.2 million and restricted cash of approximately $4.6 million,
which was held by subsidiaries and VIEs outside the U.S in its entirety. We
would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes if we were to repatriate these
funds. Any company which is registered in mainland China must apply to the State
Foreign Exchange Administration for approval in order to remit foreign currency
to any foreign country. We currently do not intend to repatriate to the U.S. the
cash and short-term investments held by our foreign subsidiaries. However, if we
were to repatriate funds to the U.S., we would assess the feasibility and plan
any transfer in accordance with foreign exchange regulations, taking into
account tax consequences. As we conduct all of our operations in China, the
inability to convert cash and short-term investments held in RMB to other
currencies should not affect our liquidity.  
 In assessing our liquidity, we monitor and analyze our cash
on-hand and our operating and capital expenditure commitments. Our liquidity
needs are to meet our working capital requirements, operating expenses and
capital expenditure obligations.  
 We engage in the production of advanced construction materials
for large scale infrastructure, commercial and residential developments. Our
business is capital intensive and we are highly leveraged. Debt financing in the
form of short term bank loans, loans from related parties and bank acceptance
notes, have been utilized to finance our working capital requirements and the
capital expenditures. Due to recurring losses, working capital was approximately
$11.6 million as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $16.4 million as of June
30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, cash on-hand balances of approximately $8.2
million and restricted cash balance of approximately $4.6 million with the
remaining current assets are mainly composed of accounts receivables, other
receivables, and prepayments and advances.  
 Although we believe that we can realize our current assets, our
ability to repay our current obligations will depend on the future realization
of our current assets. Management has considered its historical experience, the
economy, trends in the construction industry, the expected collectability of the
accounts and other receivables and the realization of the prepayments on
inventory and provided for an allowance for doubtful accounts as of September
30, 2016. We expect to realize the balances net of allowance within the normal
operating cycle of a twelve month period. If we are unable to realize our
current assets within the normal operating cycle of twelve months period, we may
have to consider its available source of funds through the following: 
 
   Financial support and credit guarantee commitments from our shareholders.
    
 24 

Other available sources of financing from PRC banks and other financial
  institutions given our credit history   
 Based on the above considerations, our management is of the
opinion that we have sufficient funds to meet our working capital requirements
and debt obligations as they become due. However, there is no assurance that
management will be successful in their plan. There are a number of factors that
could potentially arise that could result in shortfalls to the Company s plan,
such as the demand for our products, economic conditions, the competitive
pricing in the concrete-mix industry, our operating results not continuing to
deteriorate and our bank and shareholders being able to provide continued
support.  
 The following table provides summary information about our net
cash flow for financial statement periods presented in this report:  
 
 Principal demands for liquidity are for working capital and
general corporate purposes.  
   Operating Activities.   Net cash provided by
operating activities totaled approximately $3.6 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, which was primarily attributable to the net loss
adjusted to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities of $2.7
million, primarily including adjustments for $0.3 million of depreciation, $0.3
million of stock-based compensation expense, and $2.1 million provision for
doubtful accounts. Net cash from changes in operating assets and liabilities
resulted in a net cash inflow of approximately $6.2 million, which mainly
included cash inflow for reduction in inventories of $0.3 million, collection of
other receivable of $6.3 million, realization of prepayments and advances of
$3.2 million and additional accounts payable of $4.5 million, and was primarily
offset by additional accounts receivable of $4.6 million, reduction of customer
deposits of approximately $3.1 million and reduction of accrued liabilities of
$0.4 million.  
 We are making improvements in our cash inflows from operating
activities which will be accompanied by greater working capital needs for our
operations.  
   Investing Activities  . Net cash used in investing
activities was approximately $68,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2016, which was primarily attributable to approximately a $30,000 investment in
short term investments and approximately $38,000 to purchase of equipment.  
   Financing Activities  . Net cash provided by
financing activities totaled approximately $3.7 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, which was primarily attributable to $4.5 million cash
proceeds from bank loans and bank guarantees, $11.5 million proceeds from notes
payable and $0.1 million borrowing from shareholders, and was offset by $3.0
million for repayments of bank loans and bank guarantees, $9.0 for repayments of
notes payable and $0.5 million increase in restricted cash.  
   Cash and cash equivalents   .  As of September
30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $8.2 million as
compared to approximately $1.0 million as of June 30, 2016. We believe that our
cash and revenues from ongoing operations, in addition to closely managing our
accounts payable and accounts receivable and the ability to obtain loan
financing, is sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for all
of our ongoing operations. However, we may need to raise additional capital if
we undertake any plan for expansion.  
   Loan Facilities    
 We had a total of approximately $18.0 million and $16.6 million
outstanding on loans and credit facilities as of September 30, 2016 and June 30,
2016, respectively. See Note 8 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this report.    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully
described in Note 2 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this report, we believe that the following accounting
policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating
this management discussion and analysis:  
 25 

Principles of consolidation   
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements include the financial statements of China ACM and its wholly owned
subsidiaries, BVI-ACM, China-ACMH, its variable interest entity Xin Ao and its
subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ). All significant inter-company
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. In accordance
with FASB ASC 810, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, variable
interest entities, or VIEs, are generally entities that lack sufficient equity
to finance their activities without additional financial support from other
parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision making ability. All VIEs
with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary
beneficiary of the risks and rewards of the VIE. The primary beneficiary is
required to consolidate the VIE for financial reporting purposes. In connection
with the adoption of this ASC810, the Company concludes that Xin Ao is a VIE and
China ACM is the primary beneficiary. The financial statements of Xin Ao and its
subsidiaries are then consolidated with China ACM s financial statements.  
  Use of estimates and assumptions   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US
GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. The significant
estimates and assumptions made in the preparation of the Company s unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements include deferred income taxes,
allowance for doubtful accounts, deferred stock-based compensation, the fair
value and useful lives of property, plant and equipment. Actual results could be
materially different from those estimates.  
  Revenue recognition   
 Revenue is realized or realizable and earned when four criteria
are met: 
 
   Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists (the Company considers its
  sales contracts to be pervasive evidence of an arrangement);
   Delivery has occurred;
   The seller s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and
   Collectability of payment is reasonably assured.   
 The Company sells its concrete products primarily to major
local construction companies. Sales agreements are signed with each customer.
The agreements list all terms and conditions with the exception of delivery date
and quantity, which are evidenced separately in purchase orders. The purchase
price of products is fixed in the agreement and customers are not permitted to
renegotiate after the contracts have been signed. The agreements include a
cancellation clause if the Company or the customers breach the contract terms
specified in the agreement. 
 The Company recognizes revenue when title and ownership of the
goods are transferred upon shipment to the customer by the Company and
collectability of payment is reasonably assured.  
 The Company includes the shipping and handling fee in both
revenue and cost of revenue.  
  Financial instruments   
 US GAAP regarding fair value of financial instruments and
related fair value measurements define fair value, establish a three-level
valuation hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair
value. 
 The three levels of inputs are defined as follows: 
 Level 1 inputs to the valuation
methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities
in active markets; 
 Level 2 inputs to the valuation
methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active
markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial
instrument; 
 Level 3 inputs to the valuation
methodology are unobservable. 
 26 

Cash, restricted cash, investments, accounts receivable, other assets, short term loans, accounts payable, and accrued expenses and current capital lease obligations qualify as financial instruments, and their carrying amounts are reported in the
consolidated balance sheets at face value or cost, which approximate fair value because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rates of interest.  
 
 Accounts receivable   
 
During the normal course of business, we extends unsecured credit to its customers. Accounts are considered past due after 30 days. In establishing the required allowance for doubtful accounts, management considers the historical experience, the
economy, trends in the construction industry, and the expected collectability of the overdue receivable. Management reviews its accounts receivable each reporting period to determine if the allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate. An estimate
for doubtful accounts is recorded when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovering is considered
remote. We provide a provision of 15% of allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable balance that are past due more than 180 days but less than one year, 40% of allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable past due from one to
two years, 75% of allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable past due beyond two years, 100% of allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable past due beyond three years, plus additional amount as necessary, which our
collection department had determined the collection of the full amount is remote with the approval from our management to provide 100% provision allowance for doubtful accounts. Our management have continued to evaluate the reasonableness of the
valuation allowance policy and update it if necessary. 
 
 Accounting for long-lived assets   
 
We classify our long-lived assets into: (i) machinery and equipment; (ii) transportation equipment; (iii) office and equipment; and (iv) buildings and improvements. 
 
Long-lived assets held and used by us are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be fully recoverable. It is possible that these assets could become impaired as a
result of technology or other industry changes. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for possible impairment, we first compare undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its
carrying value. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined
through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. 
 
We make various assumptions and estimates regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors in determining the fair values of the respective assets. We use set criteria that are reviewed and approved by various levels of management, and
estimates the fair value of the asset or asset group by using discounted cash flow analyses. If these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, there may be a requirement to record impairment charges for the underlying assets at
such time. Any such resulting impairment charges could be material to our results of operations. 
 
If the value of an asset is determined to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the
carrying amount or the fair value, less disposition costs. 
 
Due to recurring losses, the deterioration of the concrete-mix industry in the city of Beijing, PRC and because of competitive pricing pressure, we have performed an impairment analysis and determined its long-lived assets are impaired. As a result,
we recorded an impairment charge of  2.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2016. These charges were related to the impairment of our transportation equipment and plant and machinery. The loss was determined using Level 3 inputs. There was no
impairment charge for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 
We used the discounted cash flows model to determine the fair value of these assets. The key assumptions that were included in the model are the estimated revenue and purchase price of our raw materials based on our historical experience and current
market demand and discount rate. We believed these assumptions provided us the best estimates of projecting our future cash flows on these assets, net of any related cash outflow of our cost, expenses and taxes in related to these revenues.
Potential future events might occur, which will further reduce the current selling price of our inventory sold or increase our cost that are associated with our revenues that could result in a future impairment charge.  
 
In addition, competitive pricing pressure and changes in interest rates could materially and adversely affect the Company s estimates of future net cash flows to be generated by the long-lived assets, and thus could result in future impairment
losses  

 27 

Income taxes   
 
We accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires us to use the assets and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the assets and liability method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax
consequences of temporary differences by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax
credit carry forward. Under this accounting standard, the effect on deferred income taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recognized if it is more likely than
not that some portion, or all of, a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 
 
ASC 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, defines uncertainty in income taxes and the evaluation of a tax position as a two-step process. The first step is to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be
sustained upon examination, including the resolution of any related appeals or litigation based on the technical merits of that position. The second step is to measure a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not threshold to determine the
amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed
to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent period in which the threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not criteria should be
de-recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which the threshold is no longer met. Penalties and interest incurred related to underpayment of income tax are classified as income tax expense in the period incurred.  
 
United States federal, state and local income tax returns prior to 2013 are not subject to examination by any applicable tax authorities.  
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that is material to our stockholders.  
 
 Recently issued accounting pronouncements   
 
Refer to Note 2 of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards and pronouncements.  
 
 Interest Rate Risk   
 
At times when we have short-term loans outstanding, we are exposed to interest rate risk due primarily to our short-term bank loans. Although the interest rates for our short- term loans are typically fixed for the terms of the loans, the terms are
typically twelve months and interest rates are subject to change upon renewal. The interest rates are approximately 6.0% for RMB bank loans with a term of twelve months or less. 
 
 Credit Risk   
 
The Company is exposed to credit risk from its cash in bank and fixed deposits, and accounts and note receivable, other receivables and advances on equipment purchases. The credit risk on cash in bank and fixed deposits is limited because the
counterparties are recognized financial institutions. However, the Company s cash in bank deposited in the financial institutions in the PRC is not insured. Accounts and note receivable, other receivables and advances on inventory purchases
are subjected to credit evaluations. An allowance has been made for estimated unrecoverable amounts which have been determined by reference to past default experience and the current economic environment.  
 
 Foreign Exchange Risk   
 
The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things, changes in China s political and economic conditions. The RMB does not fluctuate with the U.S. Dollar. Although the People s Bank of
China regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. In August
2015, China s currency dropped by a cumulative 4.4% against the U.S. dollar on hopes of boosting the domestic economy, making Chinese exports cheaper and imports into China more expensive by that amount. The effect on trade can be substantial.
The trend of depreciation of RMB continued in the year 2016. Compared with the lowest point from RMB versus USD in 2015, RMB has depreciated by 9.1% compared to the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016. Moreover, it is possible that in the future,
PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market. 

 28 

Because substantially all of our earnings and cash assets are denominated in RMB, but our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the RMB will affect our balance sheet and our earnings per
share in U.S. dollars. In addition, appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or
results of operations. Fluctuations in the exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any dividend we issue in the future that will be exchanged into U.S. dollars and earnings from, and the value of, any dollar-denominated investments we
make in the future. 
 
Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. While we
may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange losses may be
magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies. 
 
Most of the transactions of the Company are settled in RMB and U.S. dollars. In the opinion of the directors, the Company is not exposed to significant foreign currency risk.  
 
 Inflation   
 
Inflationary factors, such as increases in the cost of raw materials and overhead costs, could impair our operating results. Inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations for the three months ended September
30, 2016, a high rate of inflation in the future may have a continued adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales revenue if the selling prices of
our products do not increase with these increased costs.  

 29 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK.   
 Not Applicable.  
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures. The
term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined by regulations of the SEC,
means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit to the SEC under
the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal
financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions to be made regarding required disclosure. Each of our
Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer have evaluated
the design and operating effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016. Based upon their evaluation, these executive officers
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as
of September 30, 2016, due to the ineffective internal controls over financial
reporting that stemmed from the fact that we do not have any full-time
accounting personnel who have U.S. GAAP experience. Despite the material
weakness reported above, our management believes that our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present in all
material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
for the periods presented due to the fact that we have retained a consultant who
has U.S. GAAP experience to assist us in the preparation of our unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there were no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in
connection with the evaluation performed during the fiscal quarter covered by
this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 30 

PART II   
   OTHER INFORMATION   
  ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   
 The exhibits required by this item are set forth in the Exhibit
Index attached hereto. 
 31 

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 14, 2016   
     
        CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS   GROUP,
      INC.      

By:  
     /s/ Xianfu Han  

Xianfu Han, Chief Executive
      Officer   

(Principal Executive
      Officer)    

By:  
     /s/ Weili He  

Weili He, Interim Chief Financial
      Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer
      and Principal Accounting    

Officer) 
    
 32 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit No.  
     Description   

31.1   
     
        Certification of Chief Executive Officer filed pursuant
    to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     
   
      31.2   
     
        Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer filed
      pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     
   
      32.1   
     
        Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Interim
      Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
  adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.      
   
      101.INS   
     
        XBRL Instance Document     
   
      101.SCH   
     
        XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document     
   
      101.CAL   
     
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document        
   
      101.DEF   
     
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document        
   
      101.LAB   
     
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document    
   
      101.PRE   
     
        XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document           
 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. - Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF
   THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
 I, Xianfu Han, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
      China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc.;   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and
  have:     

a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):     

a)  
     
       all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
     
       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.    
 Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/
      Xianfu Han   

Xianfu Han   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. - Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF
   THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
 I, Weili He, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
      China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc.;   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and
  have:     

a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):     

a)  
     
       all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
     
       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.    
 Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/
      Weili He   

Weili He   

Interim Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer and   

Principal Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. - Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906   OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 The undersigned hereby certifies, each in his capacity as an
executive officer of CHINA ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS GROUP, INC. (the
 Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his
knowledge: 
 1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this
statement this 14th day of November, 2016. 

/s/ Xianfu Han    

Xianfu Han   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

/s/ Weili He    

Weili He   

Interim Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer and   

Principal Accounting Officer)
   
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
 
 The forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the
Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cadc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cadc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cadc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cadc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cadc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cadc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

