<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1667939_0001571049-16-019839_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5814721</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>111742</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>253779</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1607736</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2604231</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1088656</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>81</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019839.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114133305
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019839
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FSB Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001667939
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37831
		FILM NUMBER:		161993245

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		45 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			FAIRPORT
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14450
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(585) 223-9080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		45 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			FAIRPORT
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14450

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FSB Community Bankshares, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160224

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019839.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 t1602690_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

OR 

For the transition period from _______
to _______ 

FSB
BANCORP, INC.  

 (Exact Name of Company as Specified in its
Charter) 

45 South Main Street, Fairport, NY 14450  

  (Address of
Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code)  

(585) 377-8970  

  (Issuer's
Telephone Number including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 YES  x              NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this Chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 YES  x 
            NO     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer   
    Accelerated filer           Non-accelerated
filer             Smaller reporting
company  x  

 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES          NO
 x  

As of November 14, 2016, there were 1,941,688
shares issued and outstanding of the registrant s common stock. 

FSB BANCORP, INC.  

  INDEX  

PAGE NO.    
 
       PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
       
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Income   
       
      4-5   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income    
       
      6-7   

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity   
       
      8   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
       
      9   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
      10   

Item 2.   
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
         
       25  

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      42   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      42   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
       
     43  
 
       Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
       
     43  
 
       Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
     43  
 
       Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
     43  
 
       Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
     43  
 
       Item 5.   
       Other Information   
       
     43  
 
       Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
       
     43  

SIGNATURES   
       
     44    

Table of Contents   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

   Item 1   Consolidated Financial
Statements 

FSB Bancorp, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

FSB Bancorp, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Income 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

FSB Bancorp, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Income 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

FSB Bancorp, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income  

  (Unaudited)  

For
    the three months ended        
 
      (In
    thousands)       
      September
    30, 2016            
      September
    30, 2015        
 
     Net Income    
     $  252       
     $  261     

Other Comprehensive Income    

Unrealized holding losses on available-for-sale securities    

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period    
        (45  )    
        47     
 
     Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income on securities available-for-sale    
        (24  )    
        (64  )  
 
     Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income on securities held-to-maturity    
        (12  )    
        (42  )  
 
     Net unrealized loss on available for sale securities    
        (81  )    
        (59  )  

Accretion of net unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity (1)      
        68       
        (20  )  

Other comprehensive loss, before tax    
        (13  )    
        (79  )  
 
     Tax effect    
        (5  )    
        (143  )  
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax    
        (8  )    
        64     
 
     Comprehensive income    
     $  244       
     $  325     

Tax Effect Allocated to Each Component of Other Comprehensive Income    

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period    
     $  16       
     $  (16  )  
 
     Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income on securities available-for-sale    
        8       
        22     
 
     Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income on securities held-to-maturity    
        4       
        14     
 
     Accretion of net unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity    
        (23  )    
        123     
 
     Income tax effect related to other comprehensive income    
     $  5       
     $  143     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

(1)   The accretion of the unrealized holding losses in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date of transfer partially
offsets the amortization of the difference between the par value and the fair value of the investment securities at the date of
transfer, and is an adjustment of yield.   

Table of Contents   

FSB Bancorp, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income  

  (Unaudited)  

For
    the nine months ended        
 
      (In
    thousands)       
      September
    30, 2016            
      September
    30, 2015        
 
     Net Income    
     $  439       
     $  379     

Other Comprehensive Income    

Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available for sale securities    

Unrealized holding gains arising during the period    
        75       
        27     
 
     Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income on securities available-for-sale    
        (24  )    
        (64  )  
 
     Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income on securities held-to-maturity    
        (12  )    
        (42  )  
 
     Net unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities    
        39       
        (79  )  

Accretion of net unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity (1)      
        323       
        (6  )  

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax    
        362       
        (85  )  
 
     Tax effect    
        128       
        150     
 
     Other comprehensive income, net of tax    
        234       
        65     
 
     Comprehensive income    
     $  673       
     $  444     

Tax Effect Allocated to Each Component of Other Comprehensive Income    

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period    
     $  (25  )    
     $  (9  )  
 
     Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income on securities available-for-sale    
        8       
        22     
 
     Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income on securities held-to-maturity    
        4       
        14     
 
     Accretion of net unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity    
        (115  )    
        123     
 
     Income tax effect related to other comprehensive income    
     $  (128  )    
     $  150     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

(1)   The accretion of the unrealized holding losses in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date of transfer partially
offsets the amortization of the difference between the par value and the fair value of the investment securities at the date of
transfer, and is an adjustment of yield.   

Table of Contents   

FSB Bancorp, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

FSB Bancorp, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Note 1:   Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements of FSB Bancorp, Inc., ( FSB Bancorp ), FSB Community Bankshares, Inc. ( FSB Community ),
Fairport Savings Bank (the  Bank ) and its other wholly owned subsidiary, Fairport Wealth Management (collectively,
the  Company ), have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America for interim financial information, the instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they
do not include all of the information and footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of consolidated financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. In the opinion of management,
all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals considered necessary for a fair presentation, have been included. The
results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any future
period. References to the Company prior to July 13, 2016 include FSB Community and not FSB Bancorp, whereas after July 13, 2016
references to the Company include FSB Bancorp and not FSB Community. 

The Company's consolidated financial statements
are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and follow practices within the banking
industry. Application of these principles requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions, and judgments are based
on information available as of the date of the financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, the financial statements
could reflect different estimates, assumptions, and judgments. Certain policies inherently have a greater reliance on the use of
estimates, assumptions, and judgments and as such have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different
than originally reported. Estimates, assumptions, and judgments are necessary when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded
at fair value or when an asset or liability needs to be recorded contingent upon a future event. Carrying assets and liabilities
at fair value inherently results in more financial statement volatility. The fair values and information used to record valuation
adjustments for certain assets and liabilities are based on quoted market prices or are provided by other third-party sources,
when available. When third party information is not available, valuation adjustments are estimated in good faith by management. 

FSB Bancorp is a Maryland Corporation headquartered
in Fairport, New York. On July 13, 2016, FSB Bancorp, completed the conversion and reorganization pursuant to which FSB Community
Bankshares, MHC converted to the stock holding company form of organization. FSB Bancorp, the new stock holding company for Fairport
Savings Bank, sold 1,034,649 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, at $10.00 per share, for gross offering proceeds
of $10.3 million in its stock offering. Additionally, after accounting for conversion related expenses of $1.4 million, which offset
gross proceeds, the Company received $8.9 million in net proceeds. 

Concurrent with the completion of the conversion
and reorganization, shares of common stock of FSB Community owned by public stockholders were exchanged for shares of FSB Bancorp s
common stock so that the former public stockholders of FSB Community owned approximately the same percentage of FSB Bancorp s
common stock as they owned of FSB Community s common stock immediately prior to the conversion, subject to adjustment as
disclosed in the prospectus. Stockholders of FSB Community received 1.0884 shares of FSB Bancorp s common stock for each
share of FSB Community s stock they owned immediately prior to completion of the transaction. Cash in lieu of fractional
shares was paid based on the offering price of $10.00 per share. All share and per share information in this report for periods
prior to the conversion have been revised to reflect the 1.0884:1 conversion ratio on shares outstanding, including shares held
by FSB Community Bankshares, MHC that were not publicly traded. 

Note 2:   New Accounting
Pronouncements 

On August 19, 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification
of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  This ASU specifically addresses the disclosure requirements on prepared statements
of cash flow for eight types of cash receipt or cash payment transactions engaged in by business entities.  The FASB considers
this Update to be an improvement on current standards as there is diversity at this time in practice in how these types of cash
receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance is intended to reduce
the current diversity in practice of how the following eight types of transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows: 

Table of Contents   

Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs;   

Settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation
to the effective interest rate of the borrowing;   

Contingent consideration payments made after a business combination;   

Proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims;   

Proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies;   

Distributions received from equity method investees;   

Beneficial interests in securitization transactions;   

Separately identifiable cash flows and application of the Predominance Principle.   

For public business entities, such as the
Company, the standard is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period.
The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method.  The Company does not expect a material impact
on its consolidated financial statements of condition, results of operations, or cash flows as a result of the adoption of this
Update. 

Note 3:   Earnings
per Common Share 

Basic earnings per share is calculated
by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. Net income available to common stockholders is net income to FSB Bancorp, Inc. The Company has not granted any restricted
stock awards or stock options and, during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, had no potentially
dilutive common stock equivalents. Unallocated common shares held by the ESOP are not included in the weighted-average number of
common shares outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per common share until they are committed to be released. 

The
following tables set forth the calculation of basic earnings per share. Historical share and per share data have been adjusted
by the exchange ratio of 1.0884 used in the conversion and offering . 

Table of Contents   

Note 4:   Investment Securities  

The amortized cost and estimated fair value
of investment securities are summarized as follows: 

Table of Contents   

The amortized cost and estimated fair value
of debt investments at September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual
maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties. 

The Company s investment securities 
gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been
in a continuous unrealized loss position, are as follows: 

(1)  Aggregate unrealized loss
position of these securities is less than $500. 

The Company conducts a formal review of
investment securities on a quarterly basis for the presence of other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ). The Company
assesses whether OTTI is present when the fair value of a debt security is less than its amortized cost basis at the statement
of condition date. Under these circumstances, OTTI is considered to have occurred (1) if we intend to sell the security; (2) if
it is  more likely than not  we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis;
or (3) the present value of expected cash flows is not anticipated to be sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis.
The guidance requires that credit-related OTTI is recognized in 

Table of Contents   

earnings while non-credit-related OTTI
on securities not expected to be sold is recognized in other comprehensive income ( OCI ). Non-credit-related OTTI
is based on other factors, including illiquidity and changes in the general interest rate environment. Presentation of OTTI is
made in the consolidated statement of income on a gross basis, including both the portion recognized in earnings as well as the
portion recorded in OCI. The gross OTTI would then be offset by the amount of non-credit-related OTTI, showing the net as the impact
on earnings. 

There were 11 securities in an unrealized
loss position at September 30, 2016, of which three have been in loss positions for a period greater than twelve months and eight
have been in loss positions for a period less than twelve months. This compares to 16 securities in an unrealized loss position
at December 31, 2015, of which three had been in loss positions for a period greater than twelve months and 13 had been in loss
positions for a period less than twelve months. These issuing entities are currently rated Aaa by Moody s Investor Services
and AA+ by Standard and Poors. Among the three securities in loss positions for a period greater than twelve months at September
30, 2016, two were mortgage-backed securities issued by GNMA and guaranteed by the United States Government. The remaining security
that has been in a loss position for a period greater than twelve months was issued by a state subdivision. The unrealized losses
reflected are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates since the securities were acquired. 

Among the eight securities in an unrealized
loss position at September 30, 2016 for less than twelve months, five were either direct issuances of, or mortgage-backed securities
or collateralized mortgage obligations issued by, the following entities sponsored and guaranteed by the United States Government:
FNMA, FHLMC, FHLB and FFCB. The remaining three securities were issued by a state or political subdivision. The unrealized losses
reflected are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates since the securities were acquired. The Company does not intend
to sell these securities, nor is it more likely than not, that the Company will be required to sell these securities prior to recovery
of the amortized cost. As such, management does not believe any individual unrealized loss as of September 30, 2016 represents
OTTI. 

There were $24,000 of gross realized gains
on sales of securities available-for-sale and $12,000 of gross realized gains on sales of securities held-to-maturity resulting
from proceeds of $2,606,000 for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were $64,000 of gross realized
gains on sales of securities available-for-sale and $42,000 of gross realized gains on sales of securities held-to-maturity resulting
from proceeds of $3,430,000 for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015. In accordance with accounting guidance,
the Company was able to sell securities classified as held-to-maturity after the Company had already collected a substantial portion
(at least 85%) of the principal outstanding at acquisition due either to prepayments or to scheduled principal and interest payments
on debt securities. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, no securities were pledged to secure public deposits or for any other purpose required or permitted by law. 

Management has reviewed its loan and mortgage-backed
securities portfolios and determined that, to the best of its knowledge, little or no exposure exists to sub-prime or other high-risk
residential mortgages. The Company is not in the practice of investing in, or originating, these types of investments or loans. 

Table of Contents   

Note 5:   Loans 

Major classifications of loans at the indicated dates are as
follows: 

The Company originates residential mortgage,
commercial, and consumer loans largely to customers throughout Monroe county and the surrounding western New York counties of Erie,
Livingston, Ontario, Orleans, Jefferson and Wayne. Although the Company has a diversified loan portfolio, a substantial portion
of its borrowers  abilities to honor their loan contracts is dependent upon the counties  employment and economic conditions. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, residential mortgage loans with a carrying value of $166.0 million and $168.2 million, respectively, have been pledged by
the Company to the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York ( FHLBNY ) under a blanket collateral agreement to secure the
Company s line of credit and term borrowings. The Company retains the servicing on most fixed-rate mortgage loans sold and
receives a fee based on the principal balance outstanding. Loans serviced for others totaled $108.4 million and $85.9 million at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Loan servicing rights are recorded at fair value when loans are sold with
servicing rights retained. The fair value of the mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs ) is determined using a method which
utilizes servicing income, discount rates, and prepayment speeds relative to the Bank s portfolio for MSRs and are amortized
over the life of the loan. MSRs amounted to $731,000 and $561,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and
are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Loan Origination / Risk Management  

The Company s lending policies and
procedures are presented in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in FSB Bancorp s Registration Statement
on Form S-1 declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2016 and have not changed. 

To develop and document a systematic methodology
for determining the allowance for loan losses, the Company has divided the loan portfolio into two portfolio segments, each with
different risk characteristics but with similar methodologies for assessing risk.  Each portfolio segment is broken down
into loan classes where appropriate.  Loan classes contain unique measurement attributes, risk characteristics, and methods
for monitoring and assessing risk that are necessary to develop the allowance for loan losses. Unique characteristics such as borrower
type, loan type, collateral type, and risk characteristics define each class.  

Table of Contents   

The following table illustrates the portfolio
segments and classes for the Company s loan portfolio: 

Portfolio
    Segment    
        Class     

Real Estate Loans  
      Secured by one-to-four family residences   

Secured by multi-family residences   

Construction 
         Commercial real estate 
         Home equity lines of credit   

Other Loans  
      Commercial and industrial   

Other loans   

The following tables present the classes
of the loan portfolio, not including net deferred loan fees, summarized by the aggregate pass rating and the classified ratings
of special mention, substandard and doubtful within the Company's internal risk rating system as of the dates indicated: 

Management has reviewed its loan portfolio
and determined that, to the best of its knowledge, no exposure exists to sub-prime or other high-risk residential mortgages. The
Company is not in the practice of originating these types of loans. 

Table of Contents   

Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans  

Loans are placed on nonaccrual when the
contractual payment of principal and interest has become 90 days past due or management has serious doubts about further collectability
of principal or interest, even though the loan may be currently performing. 

Loans are considered past due if the required
principal and interest payments have not been received within thirty days of the payment due date. An age analysis of past due
loans, segregated by portfolio segment and class of loans, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are detailed in the
following tables: 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
one nonaccrual home equity line of credit for $18,000. At December 31, 2015, the Company had one nonaccrual residential mortgage
loan for $63,000, one nonaccrual home equity line of credit for $18,000, and one nonaccrual checking line of credit for $1,000. 

Table of Contents   

There were no loans that were past due
90 days or more and still accruing interest at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, there were no loans considered to be impaired and no troubled debt restructurings. 

Note 6:   Allowance for Loan Losses and Foreclosed
Real Estate  

Summarized in the tables below are changes
in the allowance for loan losses for the indicated periods and information pertaining to the allocation of the allowance for loan
losses, balances of the allowance for loan losses, loans receivable based on individual, and collective impairment evaluation by
loan portfolio class. An allocation of a portion of the allowance to a given portfolio class does not limit the Company s
ability to absorb losses in another portfolio class. 

Table of Contents   

The Company had no foreclosed real estate at September 30, 2016
or December 31, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did
not have any residential real estate loans in the process of foreclosure. 

Note 7:  Fair Value Measurements 

Accounting guidance related to fair value
measurements and disclosures specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques
are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs
reflect the Company s market assumptions. These two types of inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy: 

Level 1   Quoted prices (unadjusted)
for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date. 

Level 2   Quoted prices for similar
assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not
active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. 

Level 3   Model-derived valuations
in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

An asset s or liability s level
within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

In determining fair value, the Company
utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs, minimize the use of unobservable inputs, to the extent
possible, and considers counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value. 

Table of Contents   

The following tables summarize assets measured
at fair value on a recurring basis as of the indicated dates, segregated by the level of valuation inputs within the hierarchy
utilized to measure fair value: 

There have been no transfers of assets
into or out of any fair value measurement level during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Required disclosures include fair value
information of financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the consolidated statement of condition, for which it is practicable
to estimate that value. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present
value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount
rate and estimates of future cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison
to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instrument. 

The Company has various processes and controls
in place to ensure that fair value is reasonably estimated. The Company performs due diligence procedures over third-party pricing
service providers in order to support their use in the valuation process.  

While the Company believes its valuation
methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine
the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 

Management uses its best judgment in estimating
the fair value of the Company s financial instruments; however, there are inherent weaknesses in any estimation technique.
Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts
the Company could have realized in a sale transaction on the dates indicated. The estimated fair value amounts have been measured
as of their respective period-ends, and have not been re-evaluated or updated for purposes of these financial statements subsequent
to those respective dates. As such, the estimated fair values of these financial instruments subsequent to the respective reporting
dates may be different than the amounts reported at each period-end. 

The following information should not be
interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire Company since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited
portion of the Company s assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity
used in making the estimates, comparisons between the Company s disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful.
The Company, in estimating its fair value disclosures for financial instruments, used the following methods and assumptions: 

Table of Contents   

Cash, Due from Banks, and Interest Bearing Demand Deposits 

The carrying amounts of these
assets approximate their fair values. 

Investment Securities  

The fair value of securities
available for sale (carried at fair value) and held to maturity (carried at amortized cost) are determined by matrix pricing, which
is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted market prices
for the specific securities but rather relying on the securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted prices and is considered
to be a Level 2 measurement. 

Investment in FHLB Stock 

The carrying value of FHLB stock
approximates its fair value based on the redemption provisions of the FHLB stock, resulting in a Level 2 classification. 

Loans 

The
fair values of loans held in portfolio are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using market rates at the balance sheet
date that reflect the credit and interest rate-risk inherent in the loans, resulting in a Level 3 classification. Projected future
cash flows are calculated based upon contractual maturity or call dates, projected repayments and prepayments of principal. Generally,
for variable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying
values.   

Mortgage loans held for sale
in the secondary market are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, resulting in a Level 2 classification. Separate determinations
of fair value for residential and commercial loans are made on an aggregate basis. Fair value is determined based solely on the
effect of changes in secondary market interest rates and yield requirements from the commitment date to the date of the financial
statements. 

Accrued Interest Receivable and Payable 

The carrying amount of accrued
interest receivable and payable approximates fair value. 

Deposits 

The
fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., NOW accounts, non-interest checking, regular savings and certain types of money
market accounts) are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts),
resulting in a Level 1 classification. The carrying amounts for variable-rate certificates of deposit approximate their fair values
at the reporting date, resulting in a Level 1 classification. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated
using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies market interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule
of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits, resulting in a Level 2 classification.  

Borrowings 

The fair values of FHLB long-term
borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the quoted rates for new FHLB advances with similar credit
risk characteristics, terms and remaining maturity, resulting in a Level 2 classification. 

Table of Contents   

The carrying amounts and fair values of
the Company s financial instruments as of the indicated dates are presented in the following table: 

Note 8:   Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

Changes in the components of accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) ( AOCI ), net of tax, for the periods indicated are summarized in the table below. 

For
    the three months ended September 30, 2016        
 
      (In
    thousands)       
      Unrealized
    Gains and Losses on  Available-for-Sale Securities            
      Unrealized
    Loss on Securities  Transferred to  Held-to-Maturity            
      Total        
 
     Beginning balance    
     $  75       
     $  (45  )    
     $  30     
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassifications    
        (53  )    
        45       
        (8  )  
 
     Ending balance    
     $  22       
     $  -       
     $  22     

Table of Contents   

For
    the nine months ended September 30, 2016        
 
      (In
    thousands)       
      Unrealized
    Gains and Losses on Available-  for-Sale Securities            
      Unrealized
    Loss on  Securities Transferred to  Held-to-Maturity            
      Total        
 
     Beginning balance    
     $  (4  )    
     $  (208  )    
     $  (212  )  
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassifications    
        26       
        208       
        234     
 
     Ending balance    
     $  22       
     $  -       
     $  22     

Note 9:   Conversion
and Reorganization  

On July 13, 2016, the Company completed
the conversion and reorganization pursuant to which FSB Community Bankshares, MHC (the  MHC ) converted to the stock
holding company form of organization under a  second step  conversion (the  Conversion ), and the Bank reorganized
from the two-tier mutual holding company structure to the stock holding company structure. Prior to the completion of the Conversion,
the MHC owned approximately 53.0% of the common stock of the Company. FSB Bancorp, the new stock holding company for Fairport Savings
Bank, sold 1,034,649 shares of common stock at $10.00 per share, for gross offering proceeds of $10.3 million in its stock offering. 

Concurrent with the completion of the offering,
shares of common stock of FSB Community owned by the public were exchanged for shares of FSB Bancorp's common stock so that the
stockholders own approximately the same percentage of 

Table of Contents   

FSB Bancorp's common stock as they owned
of FSB Community's common stock immediately prior to the Conversion, subject to adjustment as disclosed in the prospectus. Stockholders
of the Company received 1.0884 shares of FSB Bancorp's common stock for each share of FSB Community's common stock they owned immediately
prior to completion of the transaction. Cash in lieu of fractional shares was paid based on the offering price of $10.00 per share.
Common shares held by the Company's ESOP prior to the Conversion were also exchanged using the conversion ratio of 1.0884. As a
result of the offering and the exchange of shares, FSB Bancorp has 1,941,688 shares outstanding. 

The Conversion was accounted for as a change
in corporate form with no resulting change in the historical basis of the Company's assets, liabilities, and equity. Costs related
to the offering were primarily marketing fees paid to the Company's investment banking firm, legal and professional fees, registration
fees, printing and mailing costs and totaled $1.4 million. Accordingly, net proceeds were $8.9 million. As a result of the Conversion
and Offering, FSB Community Bankshares, Inc., a federal corporation, was succeeded by a new fully public Maryland corporation,
FSB Bancorp, Inc., and the MHC ceased to exist. 

The shares of common stock sold in the
offering and issued began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on July 14, 2016 under the trading symbol  FSBC.  

Table of Contents   

Item 2 - Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  

Certain statements contained herein are
 forward looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by use of the words  believe, 
 expect,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   project  or similar expressions.
The Company's ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which
could have a material adverse effect on the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries include, but are not limited to: 

Credit quality and the effect of credit quality on the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses;   

Deterioration in financial markets that may result in impairment charges relating to our securities
portfolio;   

Competition in our primary market areas;   

Changes in interest rates and national or regional economic conditions;   

Changes in monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government, including policies of the U.S.
Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board;   

Significant government regulations, legislation and potential changes thereto;   

A reduction in our ability to generate or originate revenue-producing assets as a result of compliance
with heightened capital standards;   

Increased cost of operations due to greater regulatory oversight, supervision and examination of
banks and bank holding companies, and higher deposit insurance premiums;   

Limitations on our ability to expand consumer product and service offerings due to anticipated
stricter consumer protection laws and regulations; and   

Other risks described herein and in the other reports and statements we file with the SEC.   

The Company disclaims any obligation to
revise or update any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q to reflect future events or developments. 

Overview  

The following discussion
reviews the Company's financial condition at September 30, 2016 and the results of operations for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

Our business has traditionally
focused on originating one- to four-family residential real estate mortgage loans and home equity lines of credit, and offering
retail deposit accounts. Our primary market area consists of Monroe County and the surrounding western New York counties of Erie,
Livingston, Ontario, Orleans, Jefferson and Wayne. In 2015, we began to expand our commercial lending activities in an effort to
improve our interest rate risk exposure through the origination of shorter duration commercial loan products. Also in March 2015,
we expanded our mortgage origination footprint, and opened a new mortgage loan origination office in Buffalo, New York. In the
low interest rate environment which continued to be experienced throughout 2015 and 2016, management continued to generally sell
all of the fixed-rate residential real estate loans with terms of 15 years or greater that we originated in order to manage interest
rate risk. The current low interest rate environment also resulted in management s decision to decrease the amount of investment
securities and to redeploy the funds available from the decrease in the investment portfolio into higher yielding assets, primarily
shorter duration or adjustable rate one- to four-family mortgage loans, commercial real estate loans, and commercial and industrial
loans in 2016. 

Our results of operations
depend primarily on our net interest income and, to a lesser extent, other income. Net interest income is the difference between
the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets, consisting primarily of loans, investment securities and other interest-earning
assets (primarily cash and cash equivalents), and the interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, consisting primarily
of savings accounts, NOW accounts, money market accounts, time deposits and borrowings. Other income consists primarily of realized
gain on sale of loans, mortgage fee income, fees and service charges from deposit products, fee income from our financial services
subsidiary, earnings on bank owned life insurance and miscellaneous other income. Our results of operations also are affected by
our provision for loan losses and other expenses. Other expenses consist primarily of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy,
equipment, electronic 

Table of Contents   

banking, data processing
costs, mortgage fees and taxes, advertising, directors  fees, FDIC deposit insurance premium expense, audit and tax services,
and other miscellaneous expenses. Our results of operations also may be affected significantly by general and local economic and
competitive conditions, changes in market interest rates, government policies and actions of regulatory authorities. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

Critical accounting
policies are defined as those that involve significant judgments and uncertainties, and could potentially result in materially
different results under different assumptions and conditions. The most significant accounting policies followed by the Company
are presented in FSB Bancorp's Registration Statement on Form S-1 declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission
on May 13, 2016. These policies, along with the disclosures presented in the other financial statement notes filed with the SEC
and in this discussion, provide information on how significant assets and liabilities are valued in the consolidated financial
statements and how those values are determined. We believe that the most critical accounting policies upon which our financial
condition and results of operations depend, involve the most complex subjective decisions or assessments including our policies
with respect to our allowance for loan losses, deferred tax assets and the estimation of fair values for accounting and disclosure
purposes. These areas could be the most subject to revision as new information becomes available. 

Allowance for
Loan Losses.   The allowance for loan losses is the amount estimated by management as necessary to absorb credit losses incurred
in the loan portfolio that are both probable and reasonably estimable at the balance sheet date. The amount of the allowance is
based on significant estimates, and the ultimate losses may vary from such estimates as more information becomes available or conditions
change. The methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses is considered a critical accounting policy by management
due to the high degree of judgment involved, the subjectivity of the assumptions used and the potential for changes in the economic
environment that could result in changes to the amount of the recorded allowance for loan losses. 

As a substantial percentage
of our loan portfolio is collateralized by real estate, appraisals of the underlying value of property securing loans are critical
in determining the amount of the allowance required for specific loans. Assumptions are instrumental in determining the value of
properties. Overly optimistic assumptions or negative changes to assumptions could significantly affect the valuation of a property
securing a loan and the related allowance determined. Management carefully reviews the assumptions supporting such appraisals to
determine that the resulting values reasonably reflect amounts realizable on the related loans. 

Management performs
an evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses at least quarterly. We consider a variety of factors in establishing
this estimate including, but not limited to, current economic conditions, delinquency statistics, geographic concentrations, the
adequacy of the underlying collateral, the financial strength of the borrower, results of internal loan reviews and other relevant
factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates by management that may be susceptible to significant
change based on changes in economic and real estate market conditions. 

The evaluation has
specific, general, and unallocated components. The specific component relates to loans that are deemed to be impaired and classified
as special mention, substandard, doubtful, or loss. For such loans that are also classified as impaired, an allowance is generally
established when the collateral value of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component
covers non-classified loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. An unallocated component
is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component
of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating
known and inherent losses in the portfolio. 

Actual loan losses
may be significantly more than the allowance we have established which could have a material negative effect on our financial results. 

Deferred Tax
Assets.   The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of the temporary differences,
which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at income tax rates 

Table of Contents   

applicable to the period in which the deferred
tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets
and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. 

Estimation of
Fair Values.   Fair values for securities available-for-sale are obtained from an independent third party pricing service.
Where available, fair values are based on quoted prices on a nationally recognized securities exchange. If quoted prices are not
available, fair values are measured using quoted market prices for similar benchmark securities. Management generally makes no
adjustments to the fair value quotes provided by the pricing source. The fair values of foreclosed real estate and the underlying
collateral value of impaired loans are typically determined based on evaluations by third parties, less estimated costs to sell.
When necessary, appraisals are updated to reflect changes in market conditions. 

Recent Events  

On July 13, 2016, FSB
Bancorp completed the conversion and reorganization pursuant to which FSB Community Bankshares, MHC converted to the stock holding
company form of organization. FSB Bancorp, the new stock holding company for Fairport Savings Bank, sold 1,034,649 shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, at $10.00 per share, for gross offering proceeds of $10.3 million in its stock offering. Additionally,
after accounting for conversion related expenses of $1.4 million, which offset gross proceeds, the Company received $8.9 million
in net proceeds. 

Concurrent with the
completion of the conversion and reorganization, shares of common stock of FSB Community owned by public stockholders were exchanged
for shares of FSB Bancorp s common stock so that the former public stockholders of FSB Community owned approximately the
same percentage of FSB Bancorp s common stock as they owned of FSB Community s common stock immediately prior to the
conversion, subject to adjustment as disclosed in the prospectus. Stockholders of FSB Community received 1.0884 shares of FSB Bancorp s
common stock for each share of FSB Community s stock they owned immediately prior to completion of the transaction. Cash
in lieu of fractional shares was paid based on the offering price of $10.00 per share. 

Comparison of Financial Condition at
September 30, 2016 and at December 31, 2015   

Total Assets.
  Total assets increased $3.9 million, or 1.5%, to $259.7 million at September 30, 2016 from $255.8 million at December 31,
2015, reflecting an increase in net loans receivable, partially offset by decreases in securities held-to-maturity, securities
available-for-sale, and cash and cash equivalents. 

Cash and cash equivalents,
primarily interest-earning deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank, decreased by $1.3 million, or 21.4%,
to $4.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $6.1 million at December 31, 2015, as a result of funding loan growth which reduced
cash and cash equivalents during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Net loans receivable
increased $11.7 million, or 5.8%, to $213.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $201.8 million at December 31, 2015. The Bank continues
to focus on loan production as we continue to grow our one-to four-family residential mortgage, construction, commercial real estate,
commercial and industrial loan, and home equity lines of credit portfolios at a measured pace while still maintaining our exceptional
credit quality and strict underwriting standards. One-to four-family residential mortgage loans increased $2.3 million, or 1.3%,
to $179.3 million at September 30, 2016 from $177.0 million at December 31, 2015. The Bank originated $77.4 million of residential
mortgage loans and sold $50.7 million of such loans in the secondary market as a balance sheet management strategy during the first
nine months of 2016 to reduce interest rate risk. The Bank sold these loans at a gain of $1.6 million which was recorded in other
income. At September 30, 2016, the Bank was servicing $108.4 million in residential mortgage loans sold to third parties and will
realize servicing income on these loans as long as they remain outstanding. At September 30, 2016, the Bank had $5.6 million in
loans held for sale, comprised of one- to four-family residential fixed rate conventional, FHA, and VA mortgage loans originated
and closed by the Bank in the third quarter of 2016 that have been committed for sale in the secondary market, and will be delivered
and sold in the fourth quarter of 2016. Mortgage servicing rights increased $170,000, or 30.3%, to $731,000 at September 30, 2016
compared to $561,000 at December 31, 2015, and are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Construction loans
increased $4.2 million, or 336.0%, to $5.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $1.3 million at December 31, 2015 primarily due to
construction loan volume generated from our mortgage origination office in Buffalo. Commercial real estate loans increased $3.0
million, or 84.3%, to $6.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $3.5 million at December 31, 2015. Commercial and industrial loans
increased $1.1 million, or 126.4%, to $1.9 million at September 30, 

Table of Contents   

2016 from $853,000 at
December 31, 2015. Our seasoned commercial lending team is successfully executing our commercial loan growth strategy with positive
results in both commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan production in 2016. Home equity lines of credit increased
$1.3 million, or 9.2%, to $15.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $14.5 million at December 31, 2015. 

Securities available-for-sale
decreased by $2.3 million, or 11.6%, to $17.7 million at September 30, 2016 from $20.0 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease
was primarily due to calls and principal repayments of $11.7 million, sales of mortgage-backed securities of $2.2 million, and
amortization of $77,000, partially offset by purchases of $11.6 million in new securities, primarily U.S. Government and agency
obligations and mortgage backed securities, and an increase in the fair market value of available-for-sale securities of $33,000
during the first nine months of 2016. 

Securities held-to-maturity
decreased $6.6 million, or 50.9%, to $6.4 million at September 30, 2016 from $13.0 million at December 31, 2015 due to calls and
principal repayments of $7.1 million, sales of mortgage-backed securities of $393,000, and amortization of $12,000, partially offset
by purchases of $932,000 in municipal bonds during the first nine months of 2016. 

Deposits and
Borrowings.   Total deposits decreased $7.0 million, or 3.8%, to $178.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $185.6 million
at December 31, 2015, primarily single service time deposits, as a result of management s prudent pricing of lower rates
for non-relationship customers in the continued low interest rate environment. Total borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank
of New York increased $1.7 million, or 3.7%, to $47.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $46.1 million at December 31, 2015 due
to $13.5 million in new advances partially offset by principal repayments on our amortizing advances and maturities of $11.8 million.
The Company increased its short-term borrowings to $4.0 million at September 30, 2016 compared to no short-term borrowings at December
31, 2015. Long-term borrowings decreased $2.3 million, or 5.0% to $43.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $46.1 million at December
31, 2015. 

Stockholders 
Equity.   Stockholders  equity increased $9.7 million, or 44.6%, to $31.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $21.8
million at December 31, 2015. The increase resulted from an increase in additional paid in capital of $9.1 million from net proceeds
from our common stock offering, $439,000 in net income, an increase of $234,000 in accumulated other comprehensive income, an increase
in $46,000 from canceling of treasury stock shares associated with our common stock offering, and an increase of $26,000 resulting
from the release of ESOP shares from the suspense account, partially offset by a decrease of $160,000 in common stock to adjust
to the par value of the newly formed FSB Bancorp Inc. stock to $0.01 per share from the original $0.10 per share par value of FSB
Community Bankshares, Inc. stock as required by Maryland State law. 

Comparison of Operating Results for
the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

General.   Net
income decreased $9,000, or 3.5%, to $252,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $261,000 for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. The quarter over quarter decrease was attributable to an increase in other expense of $357,000, and an increase in the
provision for loan losses of $8,000, partially offset by an increase in other income of $245,000, and an increase in net interest
income of $92,000, and a decrease in income taxes of $19,000. 

Interest and
Dividend Income.   Total interest and dividend income increased $92,000, or 4.1%, to $2.4 million for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 from $2.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted from a $8.4 million increase quarter
over quarter in average interest-earning assets, primarily higher yielding loans, resulting in a two basis point increase in the
average yield earned on interest-earning assets from 3.74% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 3.76% for the three
months ended September 30, 2016. 

Interest income on
loans increased $137,000, or 6.6%, to $2.2 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $2.1 million for the quarter ended
September 30, 2015, reflecting a $14.8 million increase in the average balance of loans to $217.3 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 from $202.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by a three basis point
decrease in the average yield earned on loans for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.
The increase in the average balance of loans was due to our focus on increasing our portfolios of one- to four-family adjustable-rate
residential mortgages, construction, commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans, home equity lines of credit, and
to a lesser extent, one- to four-family fixed-rate mortgages during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the
same period in 2015. The average yield on loans decreased to 4.09% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 4.12% for
the three months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting decreases in market interest rates on loan products, primarily residential
mortgages. 

Table of Contents   

Interest income on
taxable investment securities decreased $59,000 to $52,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $111,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of taxable investment securities decreased $8.4 million, or 49.9%, to
$8.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $16.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 as
a portion of the cash flow from this portfolio was redeployed to fund loan growth. The average yield on taxable investment securities
decreased 18 basis points to 2.47% during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 2.65% for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. Interest income on mortgage-backed securities increased $5,000 to $50,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
from $45,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting an increase in the average yield on mortgage-backed securities
of 33 basis points to 1.50% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.17% for the three months ended September 30, 2015
despite a decrease in the average balance of mortgage-backed securities of $2.0 million, or 12.7%, to $13.4 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from $15.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in yield on mortgage-backed
securities was primarily attributable to shorter prepayment speeds on the pools of mortgage-backed securities held in the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Mortgage-backed securities average balances
decreased primarily due to sales of this type of investment during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the
same period in 2015. Interest income on tax-exempt state and municipal securities was $25,000 for both the quarter ended September
30, 2016 and the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of state and municipal securities increased by $168,000,
or 3.1%, from $5.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $5.6 million for the three months ended September,
30, 2016, partially offset as the average tax equivalent yield decreased by seven basis points to 2.73% for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from 2.80% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, as higher yielding state and municipal securities
matured and were replaced by modestly lower yielding state and municipal securities. 

Total Interest
Expense.   Total interest expense was $514,000 for both quarters ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. Total interest
expense reflected an increase in interest expense on the deposits of $23,000, offset with a decrease in the interest expense on
borrowings of $23,000 when comparing the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The total interest expense reflected
an increase in the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities of two basis points from 0.93% for the three months ended September
30, 2015 to 0.95% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, partially offset with a decrease of $4.8 million in average interest-bearing
liabilities. 

Interest expense on
deposits increased $23,000, or 7.1%, to $348,000 for the three months September 30, 2016 from $325,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The average balance of deposits increased $1.7 million, or 1.0%, from $171.8 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015 to $173.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The average cost of deposits increased to 0.80%
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.76% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily reflecting higher
average balances on promotional higher rate certificates of deposit and a promotional NOW account offering during the third quarter
of 2016. The average cost of certificates of deposit (including individual retirement accounts) increased by eight basis points
to 1.21% during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.13% during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The average
balance of certificates of deposit (including individual retirement accounts) decreased by $860,000 to $91.7 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from $92.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of transaction
accounts, traditionally our lower cost non-time deposit accounts, increased by $10.9 million to $97.5 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 from $86.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by a modest decrease
in the average cost of transaction accounts of one basis point to 0.29% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.30%
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016,
we had $15.4 million of certificates of deposit, including individual retirement accounts, scheduled to mature throughout the remainder
of 2016. Based on current market interest rates, we expect that the cost of these deposits upon renewal will be at a similar cost
to us as their current contractual rates. 

Interest expense on
borrowings decreased $23,000 from $189,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 to $166,000 for the quarter ended September
30, 2016, due to a $6.5 million decrease in our average balance of borrowings with the Federal Home Loan Bank from $50.4 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 compared to $43.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, partially
offset by an increase in the average cost of these funds from 1.50% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 1.52% for
the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Net Interest
Income.   Net interest income increased $92,000, or 5.3%, to $1.8 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to $1.8 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Net interest income increased primarily due to an 

Table of Contents   

increase of $13.2 million in net interest-earning
assets to $34.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $21.7 million for the same period in 2015. Our net interest
rate spread was flat at 2.81% for the both quarters ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. There was a two basis point
increase in the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities to 0.95% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.93%
for the three months ended September 30, 2015, offset by an increase in the average yield on our interest-earning assets of two
basis points from 3.74% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 3.76% for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Our
net interest margin increased four basis points from 2.90% during the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 2.94% during the
three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Provision for
Loan Losses.    We establish provisions for loan losses which are charged to operations in order to maintain the allowance
for loan losses at a level we consider necessary to absorb credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio that are both probable
and reasonably estimable at the balance sheet date. In determining the level of the allowance for loan losses, we consider past
and current loss experience, evaluations of real estate collateral, current economic conditions, volume and type of lending, adverse
situations that may affect a borrower s ability to repay a loan, and the levels of non-performing and other classified loans.
The amount of the allowance is based on estimates and the ultimate losses may vary from such estimates as more information becomes
available or conditions change. We assess the allowance for loan losses on at least a quarterly basis and make provisions for loan
losses in order to maintain the allowance. 

Based on our evaluation
of the above factors, we recorded a $45,000 provision for loan losses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to a $37,000
provision for loan losses recorded for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the three months ended September 30,
2016 was the result of additional general provisions deemed necessary to support an increased balance of loans receivable, primarily
commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans, and to a lesser extent, one- to four-family residential real estate
and construction loans, as well as a potentially weaker economy. The allowance for loan losses was $945,000, or 0.44% of net loans
outstanding at September 30, 2016 compared to $766,000, or 0.39% of net loans outstanding, at September 30, 2015. 

Other Income. 
 Other income increased by $245,000, or 26.7%, to $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $917,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in other income was primarily due to increases in realized gains on
sales of loans and mortgage fee income, partially offset by decreases in realized gain on sale of securities and fee income. A
substantial portion of the increase in other income was the result of gain on sale of loans which increased $281,000, or 60.0%,
to $749,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $468,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Mortgage
fee income increased $39,000, or 19.4%, to $240,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $201,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. Higher mortgage loan origination volume, including loans originated for sale, in the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 produced an increase in both mortgage fee income and realized gain
on sales of loans. Realized gain on sale of securities decreased $70,000, or 66.0%, to $36,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $106,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to a larger gain on sale in the third quarter
of 2015. Fee income from Fairport Wealth Management decreased by $9,000, or 20.5%, to $35,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $44,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to a modest decrease in non-deposit investment
product sales. 

Other Expense.  
Other expense increased $357,000, or 15.8%, to $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.3 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in other expense was primarily attributable to increases in salaries and
employee benefits of $277,000, directors  fees of $25,000, mortgage fees and taxes of $24,000, and audit and tax services
of $18,000. Salaries and employee benefits increased $277,000, or 20.5% to $1.6 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016 from $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to normal annual increases for existing staff,
increased salary and commission costs associated with additional processing and mortgage origination staff, and an increase in
incentive accruals due to projections to achieve financial targets for 2016 compared to lower incentive accruals that were projected
in 2015. Directors  fees increased $25,000, or 62.5% to $65,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$40,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to the addition of three new directors at the end of 2015. Mortgage fees
and taxes increased $24,000, or 24.2%, to $123,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $99,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015 due to higher mortgage tax expense associated with higher mortgage volume in the third quarter
of 2016. Audit and tax services increased $18,000, or 60.0%, to $48,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $30,000
for the three months ended 

Table of Contents   

September 30, 2015 due
to outsourcing our internal audit function in 2016, and increased external auditor expense associated with our stock offering and
becoming an SEC reporting company in the third quarter of 2016. 

Income Taxes . 
Income tax expense decreased $19,000, or 17.4%, to $90,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, from $109,000 for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. The effective tax rate was 26.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 29.5% for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in income tax expense and effective tax rate for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 was due to less income before taxes, and the impact of interest and dividends
from tax-exempt securities as well as a partial reversal of a component of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 

Comparison of Operating Results for
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

General.   Net
income increased $60,000, or 15.8%, to $439,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $379,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The year over year nine month increase was attributable to a $681,000 increase in other income and an
increase in net interest income of $128,000, partially offset by an increase in other expense of $701,000, a $23,000 increase in
the provision for loan losses, and an increase in income taxes of $25,000. 

Interest and
Dividend Income.   Total interest and dividend income increased $274,000, or 4.1%, to $6.9 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from $6.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted from a $11.2 million increase
year over year in average interest-earning assets, primarily loans, partially offset by a two basis point decrease in the average
yield earned on interest-earning assets from 3.74% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 3.72% for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Interest income on
loans increased $425,000, or 7.0%, to $6.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $6.0 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting a $16.1 million increase in the average balance of loans to $211.9 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $195.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by a four
basis point decrease in the average yield earned on loans from 4.11% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 4.07% for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflecting decreases in market interest rates on loan products, primarily residential
mortgages. The increase in the average balance of loans was due to management s decision to focus on adding higher yielding
assets to the balance sheet by increasing our portfolio of one- to four-family adjustable-rate residential mortgages, commercial
real estate, commercial and industrial loans, home equity lines of credit, and to a lesser extent, one- to four-family fixed-rate
mortgages during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Interest income on
taxable investment securities decreased $151,000, or 40.9% to $218,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $369,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of taxable investment securities decreased $6.7 million to $11.0
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $17.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a portion
of the cash flow from this portfolio was redeployed to fund higher yielding assets, primarily loan growth. The average yield on
taxable securities decreased 13 basis points to 2.65% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2.78% for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 due to reinvestment of called taxable securities into lower yielding taxable securities in this
low interest rate environment. Interest income on mortgage-backed securities decreased $18,000, or 10.1%, to $161,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, from $179,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting a decrease in the average
balance of mortgage-backed securities of $2.6 million to $14.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $16.9
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by an increase in the average yield on mortgage-backed securities
of nine basis points to 1.50% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.41% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
Average mortgage-backed securities balances decreased primarily due to sales of these securities in 2016. Interest income on tax-exempt
state and municipal securities increased $1,000, or 1.4% to $71,000 for nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $70,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The average tax equivalent yield increased by four basis points to 2.87% for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 from 2.83% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of state and municipal securities
increased by $16,000 to $5.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Total Interest
Expense.   Total interest expense increased $146,000, or 10.0%, to $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
from $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in total interest expense 

Table of Contents   

reflected an increase
in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities of $4.5 million, combined with an increase in the average cost of interest-bearing
liabilities of seven basis points from 0.89% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 0.96% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 largely as a result of higher market interest rates paid on deposits, primarily promotional certificates of deposit and
a promotional NOW account offered during 2016. 

Interest expense on
deposits increased $182,000, or 20.3%, to $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $895,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The average cost of deposits increased to 0.81% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
0.71% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily reflecting higher rates paid on promotional certificates of deposit
made during 2016. The average cost of certificates of deposit (including individual retirement accounts) increased by 16 basis
points to 1.22% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.06% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
average balance of certificates of deposit (including individual retirement accounts) increased by $6.0 million to $97.5 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $91.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The average balance
of transaction accounts, traditionally our lower cost non-time deposit accounts, increased by $7.1 million to $91.1 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $84.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, although the average
cost of transaction accounts remained at 27 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Interest expense on
borrowings decreased $36,000 from $565,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $529,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, due to a $3.9 million decrease in our average balance of borrowings with the Federal Home Loan Bank from $49.2 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to $45.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, despite an
increase in the average cost of borrowings of three basis points from 1.53% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 1.56%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Net Interest
Income.   Net interest income increased $128,000, or 2.5%, to $5.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $5.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net interest income increased primarily due to an increase of $6.7
million in net interest-earning assets to $27.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $20.6 million for the
same period in 2015. Our net interest rate spread decreased nine basis points to 2.76% for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 from 2.85% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, due to a seven basis point increase in the average cost of interest-bearing
liabilities to 0.96% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.89% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, in addition
to a decrease in the average yield on our interest-earning assets of two basis points from 3.74% for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 to 3.72% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Our net interest margin decreased six basis points from 2.92% during
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 2.86% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Provision for
Loan Losses.    We establish provisions for loan losses which are charged to operations in order to maintain the allowance
for loan losses at a level we consider necessary to absorb credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio that are both probable
and reasonably estimable at the balance sheet date. In determining the level of the allowance for loan losses, we consider past
and current loss experience, evaluations of real estate collateral, current economic conditions, volume and type of lending, adverse
situations that may affect a borrower s ability to repay a loan, and the levels of non-performing and other classified loans.
The amount of the allowance is based on estimates and the ultimate losses may vary from such estimates as more information becomes
available or conditions change. We assess the allowance for loan losses on at least a quarterly basis and make provisions for loan
losses in order to maintain the allowance. 

Based on our evaluation
of the above factors, we recorded a $135,000 provision for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
a $112,000 provision for loan losses recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was the result of additional general provisions deemed necessary to support an increased balance of loans receivable,
primarily commercial real estate, commercial and industrial loans, and to a lesser extent, one- to four-family residential real
estate and construction loans, as well as a potentially weaker economy. The allowance for loan losses was $945,000, or 0.44% of
net loans outstanding, at September 30, 2016 compared to $766,000, or 0.39% of net loans outstanding at September 30, 2015. 

Other Income.  
Other income increased by $681,000, or 34.6%, to $2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.0 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in other income resulted primarily from increases in realized gains
on sales of loans and mortgage fee income, partially offset by a decrease in realized gain on sale of securities. A substantial
portion of the increase in other income was the result of gain on sale of loans which 

Table of Contents   

increased $624,000, or
63.4%, to $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $985,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
Mortgage fee income increased $127,000, or 27.7%, to $586,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $459,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. Higher mortgage loan origination volume, including loans originated for sale, in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 produced an increase in both mortgage fee income and realized
gain on sale of loans. Realized gain on sale of securities decreased $70,000, or 66.0%, during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to a larger gain on sale in 2015. 

Other Expense.  
Other expense increased $701,000, or 10.6%, to $7.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $6.6 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily the result of increases in salaries and employee benefits
expense of $518,000, audit and tax services of $61,000, directors  fees of $53,000, mortgage fees and taxes of $45,000, and
data processing costs of $36,000. The $518,000, or 13.2%, increase in salaries and employee benefits expense from $3.9 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to $4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily
due to normal annual increases for existing staff, the increased salary and commission costs associated with additional processing
and mortgage origination staff, and an increase in incentive accruals due to projections to achieve financial targets for 2016
compared to lower incentive accruals that were projected in 2015. Audit and tax services increased $61,000, or 119.6%, from $51,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to $112,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to outsourcing
internal audit in the first nine months of 2016, and increased external auditor expense associated with our stock offering and
becoming an SEC reporting company in the third quarter of 2016. Directors  fees increased $53,000, or 39.3%, from $135,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $188,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the addition of three
new directors at the end of 2015. Mortgage fees and taxes increased $45,000, or 15.5%, from $291,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 to $336,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the additional volume of mortgage originations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Data processing increased
$36,000, or 31.9%, from $113,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $149,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 due to the increased costs related to mobile banking and online account opening capabilities period over period. 

Income Taxes . 
Income taxes increased $25,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $99,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 to $124,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The effective tax rate was 22.0% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to 20.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in income tax expense and effective tax rate
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 was due to higher income before income taxes,
and the impact of interest and dividends from tax-exempt securities as well as a partial reversal of a component of the deferred
tax asset valuation allowance. 

Table of Contents   

Average balances
and yields.   The following tables set forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs and certain other information
for the periods indicated. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation
of average balances, but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include the
effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are accreted or amortized to interest income or interest expense.  

(2)  Interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average
interest-bearing liabilities.   

(3)  Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.   

(4)  Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by total interest-earning assets.   

(5)  Annualized.   

Table of Contents   

(2)  Interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average
interest-bearing liabilities.   

(3)  Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.   

(4)  Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by total interest-earning assets.   

(5)  Annualized.   

Table of Contents   

Rate/Volume Analysis  

The following tables
present the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the periods indicated. The rate column shows the
effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable
to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The net column represents the sum of the prior columns. For
purposes of these tables, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately,
based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

Table of Contents   

Loan and Asset Quality and Allowance
for Loan Losses  

The following table represents information
concerning the aggregate amount of nonperforming assets at the indicated dates: 

Nonperforming assets
include nonaccrual loans and foreclosed real estate. The Company generally places a loan on nonaccrual status and ceases accruing
interest when loan payment performance is deemed unsatisfactory and the loan is past due 90 days or more. There are no loans that
are past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest. Loans are considered modified in a TDR when, due to a borrower s
financial difficulties, the Company makes a concession(s) to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. These modifications
may include, among others, an extension of the term of the loan, and granting a period when interest-only payments can be made,
with the principal payments made over the remaining term of the loan or at maturity. At the dates indicated above, the Company
had no TDRs outstanding. 

As indicated in the
table above, nonperforming assets at September 30, 2016 were $18,000, a decrease of $64,000 from the $82,000 balance reported at
December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, the Company had one non-performing 

Table of Contents   

home equity line of credit for $18,000
and at December 31, 2015, the Company had one non-performing residential mortgage loan for $63,000, one non-performing home equity
line of credit for $18,000, and one non-performing checking line of credit for $1,000. At the date indicated above, the Company
had no foreclosed real estate. 

The allowance for loan
losses represents management s estimate of the probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the date of the balance
sheet. The allowance for loan losses was $945,000 and $811,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company
reported an increase in the ratio of the allowance for loan losses to gross loans to 0.44% at September 30, 2016 as compared to
0.40% at December 31, 2015. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the allowance for loan losses based on quantitative and
qualitative factors and has determined that the current level of the allowance for loan losses is adequate to absorb the losses
in the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016. 

A loan is considered
impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect the scheduled payments
of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in
determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest
payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired.
Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration
all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the
borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment
is measured on a loan by loan basis by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective
interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 

Large groups of smaller
balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify individual
consumer and residential loans for impairment disclosures unless subject to a troubled debt restructuring. 

At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company did not have loans which were deemed to be impaired. 

Management has identified
potential credit problems which may result in the borrowers not being able to comply with the current loan repayment terms and
which may result in it being included in future impaired loan reporting. Management has identified potential problem loans totaling
$1.7 million as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $1.5 million at December 31, 2015. These loans have been internally classified
as special mention, substandard, or doubtful, yet are not currently considered impaired. Total potential problem loans increased
between these two dates, as the Company reported an increase of $253,000 in loans rated substandard. The increase in loans classified
as substandard was due to three residential mortgage loans and one home equity line of credit which were newly categorized as such
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These loans were not criticized as of December 31, 2015. Based on current information
available at September 30, 2016, these loans were re-evaluated for their range of potential losses and reclassified accordingly. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability
to meet current and future financial obligations of a short-term nature. Our cash flows are derived from operating activities,
investing activities and financing activities as reported in our consolidated statements of cash flows included in our consolidated
financial statements. 

Our primary sources
of funds consist of deposit inflows, loan repayments, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, maturities and principal
repayments of securities, and loan and securities sales. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are
predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic
conditions and competition. Our asset/liability management committee is responsible for establishing and monitoring our liquidity
targets and strategies in order to ensure that sufficient liquidity exists for meeting the borrowing needs and deposit withdrawals
of our customers as well as unanticipated contingencies. We seek to maintain a liquidity ratio of 20.0% or greater. For the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, our liquidity ratio averaged 

Table of Contents   

31.7%. We believe that
we have enough sources of liquidity to satisfy our short and long-term liquidity needs as of September 30, 2016. 

We regularly adjust
our investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment of: 

(i)  expected loan demand; 

(ii)  expected deposit flows; 

(iii)  yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities;
and 

(iv)  the objectives of our asset/liability management program. 

Excess liquid assets
are invested generally in interest-earning deposits, short and intermediate-term securities and federal funds sold. Our most liquid
assets are cash and cash equivalents. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, financing, lending and investing
activities during any given period. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $4.8 million. 

At September 30, 2016,
we had $21.1 million in loan commitments outstanding. In addition to commitments to originate loans, we had $17.5 million in unused
lines of credit outstanding to borrowers. Certificates of deposit (including individual retirement accounts comprised solely of
certificates of deposit), due within one year of September 30, 2016 totaled $68.4 million, or 75.4% of our certificates of deposit
(including individual retirement accounts) and 38.3% of total deposits. If these deposits do not remain with us, we will be required
to seek other sources of funds, including loan sales, other deposit products, and Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings. Depending
on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the
existing certificates of deposit due on or before September 30, 2017. We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant
portion of such deposits will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates
offered. 

Liquidity management
is both a daily and long-term function of business management. If we require funds beyond our ability to generate them internally,
borrowing agreements exist with the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, which provides an additional source of funds. Federal Home
Loan Bank borrowings increased by $1.7 million, to $47.8 million at September 30, 2016, from $46.1 million at December 31, 2015.
At September 30, 2016, we had the ability to borrow approximately $144.4 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, of
which $47.8 million had been advanced. 

We also have a repurchase
agreement with Raymond James Financial providing an additional $10.0 million in liquidity.  Funds obtained under the repurchase
agreement are secured by our U.S Government and agency obligations.  There were no advances outstanding under the repurchase
agreement at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

Table of Contents   

Capital  

Fairport Savings Bank is subject to various regulatory capital
requirements, including a risk-based capital measure. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of capital and
a framework for calculating risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk categories.
At September 30, 2016, Fairport Savings Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements and was considered  well capitalized 
under regulatory guidelines. 

In
addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary
bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a  capital conservation buffer  consisting of 2.5% of common
equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
The capital conservation buffer requirement is being phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and
increasing each year until fully implemented at 2.5% on January 1, 2019.   

Fairport Savings Bank s capital amounts
and ratios as of the indicated dates are presented in the following table. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

In the ordinary course
of business, Fairport Savings Bank is a party to credit-related financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk to meet the financing
needs of our customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit. We follow the same credit policies in
making commitments as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. 

Commitments to extend
credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments
generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The commitments for equity
lines of credit may expire without being drawn upon. Therefore, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future
cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if it is deemed necessary by us, is based on our credit evaluation of the
customer. 

At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, we had $21.1 million and $11.8 million, respectively, of commitments to grant loans, and $17.5 million and
$15.8 million, respectively, of unfunded commitments under lines of 

Table of Contents   

credit. We had two commercial
letters of credit for $417,000 at September 30, 2016 and one commercial letter of credit for $299,000 at December 31, 2015. 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 

Our consolidated financial
statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America ( GAAP ). GAAP generally requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of
historical dollars without consideration for changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The
impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of our operations. Unlike industrial companies, our assets and liabilities
are primarily monetary in nature. As a result, changes in market interest rates have a greater impact on performance than the effects
of inflation. 

Table of Contents   

Item 3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk  

A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information
relating to this item. 

Item 4   Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files
or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 

There has been no change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonable
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Table of Contents   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1   Legal Proceedings  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company is not currently a named
party in a legal proceeding, the outcome of which would have a material effect on the financial condition or results of operations
of the Company.  

Item 1A   Risk Factors  

A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information
relating to this item. 

Item 2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds  

None 

Item 3   Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None 

Item 4   Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable 

Item 5   Other Information  

None 

Item 6   Exhibits   

Exhibit No.   
         
       Description    

31.1  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer   
 
      31.2  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer   
 
      32  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   
 
      101  
       
      The following materials from FSB Bancorp, Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) related notes   

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FSB BANCORP, INC.    

(registrant)  

November 14, 2016   
      /s/ Dana C. Gavenda  

Dana C. Gavenda  

President and Chief Executive Officer   

November 14, 2016   
      /s/ Kevin D. Maroney  

Kevin D. Maroney  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602690_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1: Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of
the Chief Executive Officer  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Dana C. Gavenda, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FSB Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors:   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

November 14, 2016   
      /s/ Dana C. Gavenda   

Dana C. Gavenda   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602690_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2: Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a)
Certification of the Chief Financial Officer  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Kevin D. Maroney, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FSB Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors:   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

November 14, 2016    
      /s/ Kevin D. Maroney    

Kevin D. Maroney   

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 t1602690_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32 Section 1350 Certification
of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350,
as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of FSB Bancorp, Inc.
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  Report ), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.   

The purpose of this statement is solely
to comply with Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, as amended by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002. 

November 14, 2016    
      /s/ Dana C. Gavenda   

Dana C. Gavenda   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

November 14, 2016    
      /s/ Kevin D. Maroney   

Kevin D. Maroney   

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 fsbc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fsbc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fsbc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fsbc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fsbc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fsbc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

