<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1358071_0001358071-16-000041_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14024265</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142563</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>493665</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5336767</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5794577</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1161359</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001358071-16-000041.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109090238
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001358071-16-000041
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONCHO RESOURCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001358071
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				760818600
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33615
		FILM NUMBER:		161982922

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 W. ILLINOIS AVENUE
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		432-683-7443

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 W. ILLINOIS AVENUE
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001358071-16-000041.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 cxo_3Q16_10Q.htm

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

   Washington, D.C. 20549    

FORM 10-Q    

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

   or    

For the transition period from                          
                    
     to                          

Commission file number: 1-33615        

   Concho Resources Inc.    

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware    

76-0818600   

(State or other jurisdiction   

(I.R.S. Employer   

of incorporation or organization)   

Identification No.)   

One Concho Center   

600 West Illinois Avenue    

Midland, Texas           

79701    

(Address of principal executive offices)   

(Zip code)   

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    
  No   o    

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site,
if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).   Yes       No   o   

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large
  accelerated filer       

Accelerated
  filer   o   

Non-accelerated
  filer     o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller
  reporting company   o   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o   No        

Number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding at
November 7, 2016  : 146,050,840 shares  

TABLE
  OF CONTENTS   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION:   

iii  

Item 1.    Consolidated
  Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

iii  

Item 2.    Management s
  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

30  

Item 3.    Quantitative
  and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

55  

Item 4.    Controls and
  Procedures   

57  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION:   

58  

Item 1.    Legal
  Proceedings   

58  

Item 1A.    Risk
  Factors  

58  

Item 2.    Unregistered
  Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

59  

Item 6.    Exhibits    

60  

i       

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

  Various
statements and information contained in or incorporated by reference into this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Quarterly Report ) that express a belief,
expectation, or intention, or that are not statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the  Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements include statements,
projections and estimates concerning our future financial position, operations,
performance, business strategy, oil and natural gas reserves, drilling program,
capital expenditures, liquidity and capital resources, the timing and success
of specific projects, outcomes and effects of litigation, claims and disputes,
derivative activities and potential financing. Forward-looking statements are
generally accompanied by words such as  estimate,   project,   predict, 
 believe,   expect,   anticipate,   potential,   could,   may,   foresee, 
 plan,   goal  or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or
outcomes. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. We have
based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and
assumptions about future events and their potential effect on us. These statements
are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our
experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions and
expected future developments as well as other factors we believe are
appropriate under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from
those implied or expressed by any forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report,
or if earlier, as of the date they were made. We disclaim any obligation to
update or revise these statements unless required by law, and we caution you
not to rely on them unduly. While our management considers these expectations
and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant
business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and
uncertainties relating to, among other matters, the risks discussed in  Part
II, Item 1A, Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report and our Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and in  Part I, Item 1A, Risk
Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015, as well as those factors summarized below:  

declines
in the prices we receive for our oil and natural gas, or sustained depressed prices
we receive, for our oil and natural gas;  

uncertainties
about the estimated quantities of oil and natural gas reserves;  

drilling
and operating risks;  

the
adequacy of our capital resources and liquidity including, but not limited to,
access to additional borrowing capacity under our credit facility;  

the
effects of government regulation, permitting and other legal requirements,
including new legislation or regulation of hydraulic fracturing and the export
of oil and natural gas;  

the
impact of potential changes in our credit ratings;  

environmental
hazards, such as uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas, brine, well fluids,
toxic gas or other pollution into the environment, including groundwater
contamination;  

difficult
and adverse conditions in the domestic and global capital and credit markets;  

risks
related to the concentration of our operations in the Permian Basin of
Southeast New Mexico and West Texas;  

disruptions
to, capacity constraints in or other limitations on the pipeline systems that
deliver our oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas and other processing and
transportation considerations;  

the
costs and availability of equipment, resources, services and qualified
personnel required to perform our drilling and operating activities;  

potential
financial losses or earnings reductions from our commodity price risk-management
program;  

risks
and liabilities associated with acquired properties or businesses;  

uncertainties
about our ability to successfully execute our business and financial plans and
strategies;  

uncertainties
about our ability to replace reserves and economically develop our current
reserves;  

general
economic and business conditions, either internationally or domestically;  

competition
in the oil and natural gas industry; and  

uncertainty
concerning our assumed or possible future results of operations.  

  Reserve engineering is a process of
estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be
measured in an exact way. The accuracy of any reserve estimate depends on the
quality of available data, the interpretation of such data and the price and
cost assumptions made by our reserve engineers. In addition, the results of
drilling, testing and production activities may justify revisions of estimates
that were made previously. If significant, such revisions would change the
schedule of any further production and development drilling. Accordingly,
reserve estimates may differ from the quantities of oil and natural gas that
are ultimately recovered.  

ii       

PART I  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  Consolidated Financial
Statements (Unaudited)    

iii       

1             

2             

3             

4             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 1.      Organization and nature of operations     

Concho Resources Inc. (the  Company ) is a Delaware
corporation formed on February 22, 2006. The Company s principal business
is the acquisition, development, exploration and production of oil and natural
gas properties primarily located in the Permian Basin of Southeast New Mexico
and West Texas.           

Note 2.      Summary
of significant accounting policies     

Principles
of consolidation.       The consolidated
financial statements of the Company include the accounts of the Company and its
100 percent owned subsidiaries. The Company consolidates the financial
statements of these entities. All material intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated.     

Reclassifications.       Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the 2016 presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on
net income (loss), total stockholders  equity or cash flows.     

Use of
estimates in the preparation of financial statements.       Preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from these estimates. Depletion of oil and natural gas properties is determined
using estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves. There are numerous
uncertainties inherent in the estimation of quantities of proved reserves and
in the projection of future rates of production and the timing of development
expenditures. Similarly, evaluations for impairment of proved and unproved oil
and natural gas properties are subject to numerous uncertainties including, among
others, estimates of future recoverable reserves, commodity price outlooks and
prevailing market rates of other sources of income and costs. Other significant
estimates include, but are not limited to, asset retirement obligations, fair
value of derivative financial instruments, fair value of business combinations,
fair value of nonmonetary exchanges, fair value of stock-based compensation and
income taxes.     

Interim
financial statements.       The
accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company have not been
audited by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, except
that the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015 is derived from
audited consolidated financial statements. In the opinion of management, the
accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments
necessary to present fairly the Company s consolidated financial statements.
All such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature. In preparing the
accompanying consolidated financial statements, management has made certain
estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts in the consolidated
financial statements and disclosures of contingencies. Actual results may
differ from those estimates. The results for interim periods are not
necessarily indicative of annual results.   

Certain disclosures have been condensed in or omitted from
these consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, these condensed notes to
the consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
audited consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.       

Equity
method investments.       The Company
owns a 50 percent membership interest in a midstream joint venture, Alpha Crude
Connector, LLC ( ACC ), that constructed a crude oil gathering and transportation
system in the northern Delaware Basin. ACC commenced partial operations in late
2015 and completed construction of the pipeline in April 2016. The Company has
the option to purchase the membership interest of the other investor in ACC.
This purchase option became exercisable in July 2016 and remains exercisable
for a period of twelve months. The Company accounts for its investment in ACC
under the equity method of accounting for investments in unconsolidated
affiliates. The Company s net investment in ACC was approximately $128.5
million and $98.9 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, and is included in other assets in the Company s consolidated
balance sheets. The equity loss is included in other expense in the       

5             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Company s consolidated statements of operations and was approximately
$0.4 million and $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, and approximately $2.3 million and $2.7 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded $1.0 million and $2.5
million, respectively, of capitalized interest on its investment in ACC.    

During 2015, the Company purchased a 25 percent membership
interest in an entity constructing a crude oil gathering and transportation
system in the southern Delaware Basin. The initial system is operational and
substantially complete, and is expected to be fully completed during 2016. The
Company accounts for its investment under the equity method of accounting for
investments in unconsolidated affiliates. The Company s net investment was
approximately $37.1 million and $20.8 million at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively, and is included in other assets in the
Company s consolidated balance sheets. The equity loss for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $0.2 million and $2.5
million, respectively, and is included in other expense in the Company s
consolidated statements of operations.           

Revenue
recognition.       Oil and natural gas
revenues are recorded at the time of physical transfer of such products to the
purchaser, which for the Company is primarily at the wellhead. The Company
follows the sales method of accounting for oil and natural gas sales,
recognizing revenues based on the Company s actual proceeds from the oil and
natural gas sold to purchasers.       

Recent
accounting pronouncements.       In May
2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606),  which outlines a new, single comprehensive model for
entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers
and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including
industry-specific guidance. This new revenue recognition model provides a
five-step analysis in determining when and how revenue is recognized. The new
model will require revenue recognition to depict the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration a company
expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.   

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of
the Effective Date,  which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one
year. That new standard is now effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017. An entity can apply ASU 2014-09 using either a full
retrospective method, meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods
presented, or a modified retrospective method, meaning the cumulative effect of
initially applying the standard is recognized in the most current period
presented in the financial statements. The Company is evaluating the impact
that this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.   

In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  which supersedes current lease
guidance. The new lease standard requires all leases with a term greater than
one year to be recognized on the balance sheet while maintaining substantially
similar classifications for finance and operating leases. Lease expense
recognition on the income statement will be effectively unchanged. This
guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018
and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact that this
new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.   

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensations (Topic 718): Improvements
to Employee Share-based Payment Accounting,  which changes the accounting and
presentation for share-based payment arrangements in the following areas: (i) recognition
in the statement of operations of excess tax benefits and deficiencies; (ii)
cash flow presentation of excess tax benefits and deficiencies; (iii) minimum
statutory withholding thresholds and the classification on the cash flow
statement of the withheld amounts; and (iv) an accounting policy election to
recognize forfeitures as they occur. This guidance is effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. The
Company does not plan on early adopting this standard. Once adopted, the
Company expects       

6             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

increased volatility in earnings and
in the effective tax rate due to the excess tax benefits and deficiencies being
recognized in the statement of operations.       

Note 3.      Exploratory
well costs     

The Company capitalizes exploratory well costs until a
determination is made that the well has either found proved reserves or that it
is impaired. After an exploratory well has been completed and found oil and
natural gas reserves, a determination may be pending as to whether the oil and
natural reserves can be classified as proved. In those circumstances, the
Company continues to capitalize the well or project costs pending the
determination of proved status if (i) the well has found a sufficient quantity
of reserves to justify its completion as a producing well and (ii) the Company
is making sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and
operating viability of the project.         The capitalized exploratory
well costs are carried in unproved oil and natural gas properties. See Note 17
for the proved and unproved components of oil and natural gas properties. If
the exploratory well is determined to be impaired, the well costs are charged
to exploration and abandonments expense in the consolidated statements of
operations.   

The
following table reflects the Company s net capitalized exploratory well
activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:           

The
following table provides an aging at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
of capitalized exploratory well costs based on the date drilling was completed:       

Projects operated by others.       At     September
30, 2016  , the Company had approximately $1.9 million
of suspended well costs greater than one year recorded for five wells that are
operated by others and waiting on completion. Three of these wells completed
drilling in 2014 and the remaining two wells completed drilling in 2015.   

Delaware Basin project.       At September 30, 2016, the Company had
approximately $4.8 million of suspended well costs greater than one year
recorded for a well drilled in 2015. The Company expects to complete this well
in 2017.   

7             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Midland Basin project.       At     September 30, 2016  , the Company had approximately $1.7 million of suspended
well costs greater than one year recorded for a well drilled in 2015. Currently,
the Company is evaluating the well s potential capacity to monitor nearby
horizontal wells. The Company expects to complete this well in 2017.     

Note 4.        Acquisitions and divestitures     

Asset acquisition.       In
March 2016, the Company completed an acquisition of 80 percent of a third-party
seller s interest in certain oil and natural gas properties and related assets
in the southern Delaware Basin. As consideration for the acquisition, the
Company issued to the seller approximately 2.2 million shares of common stock
with an approximate value of $230.8 million, $145.7 million in cash and $40.0
million to carry a portion of the seller s future development costs in these
properties.    

Asset divestiture.      
In February 2016, the Company sold certain assets in the northern Delaware
Basin for proceeds of approximately $292.0 million and recognized a pre-tax
gain of approximately $110.1 million.     

Note 5.      Asset
retirement obligations     

The Company       s asset retirement obligations primarily relate to the
future plugging and abandonment of wells and facilities.   The following table summarizes the
Company     s asset retirement obligation
activity   during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:       

8             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 6.     
         Stock incentive plan     

The Company s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan provides for
granting stock options, restricted stock awards and performance awards to
directors, officers and employees of the Company.      

A summary of
the Company s activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is
presented below:         

The
following table reflects the future stock-based compensation expense to be
recorded for all the stock-based compensation awards that were outstanding at September
30, 2016:       

9             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 7.      Disclosures about fair value measurements     

The Company uses a valuation framework based upon inputs
that market participants use in pricing an asset or liability, which are
classified into two categories: observable inputs and unobservable inputs. Observable
inputs represent market data obtained from independent sources, whereas
unobservable inputs reflect a company s own market assumptions, which are used
if observable inputs are not reasonably available without undue cost and
effort. These two types of inputs are further prioritized into the following
fair value input hierarchy:   

Level 1       :          Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are
accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or
liabilities. The Company considers active markets to be those in which
transactions for the assets or liabilities occur in sufficient frequency and
volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.   

Level 2       :          Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or
inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially
the full term of the asset or liability. This category includes those
derivative instruments that the Company values using observable market data.
Substantially all of these inputs are observable in the marketplace throughout
the full term of the derivative instrument, can be derived from observable
data, or supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in
the marketplace. Level 2 instruments primarily include non-exchange traded
derivatives such as over-the-counter commodity price swaps, basis swaps,
collars and floors, investments and interest rate swaps. The Company s
valuation models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various
inputs including: (i) quoted forward prices for commodities,
(ii) time value, (iii) current market and contractual prices for the
underlying instruments and (iv) volatility factors, as well as other relevant
economic measures.    

Level 3       :          Prices or valuation models that require inputs that
are both significant to the fair value measurement and less observable from
objective sources (   i.e.   , supported by little or no market activity). The
Company s valuation models are primarily industry-standard models that consider
various inputs including: (i) quoted forward prices for commodities,
(ii) time value, (iii) volatility factors and (iv) current
market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other
relevant economic measures.      

10             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value    

The
following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of the Company s
financial instruments at     September 30,
2016     and December 31, 2015:       

Cash
and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts           payable, interest payable and other current
liabilities.     The carrying amounts approximate fair value due to
the short maturity of these instruments.   

Senior notes.       The
fair values of the Company s senior notes are based on quoted market prices. The
debt securities are not actively traded and, therefore, are classified as
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.   

11             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Derivative instruments.       The fair value of the Company s derivative
instruments is estimated by management considering various factors, including
closing exchange and over-the-counter quotations and the time value of the
underlying commitments. Financial assets and liabilities are classified based on
the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair
value measurement requires judgment and may affect the valuation of the fair
value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value
hierarchy levels.   The following
tables summarize (i) the valuation of each of the Company s financial
instruments by required fair value hierarchy levels and (ii) the gross fair
value by the appropriate balance sheet classification,       even when the
derivative instruments are subject to netting arrangements and qualify for net
presentation in the Company s consolidated balance sheets at     September 30, 2016     and December
31, 2015. The Company nets the fair value of derivative instruments by
counterparty in the Company s consolidated balance sheets.       

12             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Concentrations
of credit risk.           At     September 30, 2016  ,
the Company s primary concentrations of credit risk are the risk of collecting accounts
receivable and the risk of counterparties  failure to perform under derivative
obligations.   

   The Company has entered into International Swap Dealers
Association Master Agreements ( ISDA Agreements ) with each of its derivative
counterparties. The terms of the ISDA Agreements provide the Company and the counterparties
with rights of set-off upon the occurrence of defined acts of default by either
the Company or a counterparty to a derivative, whereby the party not in default
may set off all derivative liabilities owed to the defaulting party against all
derivative asset receivables from the defaulting party. See Note 8 for
additional information regarding the Company s derivative activities and
counterparties.       

13             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a
Nonrecurring Basis    

Certain assets and liabilities are reported at fair value
on a nonrecurring basis in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The
following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:    

Impairments of long-lived assets        The Company periodically reviews its long-lived assets
to be held and used, including proved oil and natural gas properties and their
integrated assets, whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of those assets may not be recoverable, for instance when there are
declines in commodity prices or well performance. The Company reviews its oil
and natural gas properties by depletion base. An impairment loss is indicated
if the sum of the expected undiscounted future net cash flows is less than the
carrying amount of the assets. If the estimated undiscounted future net cash
flows are less than the carrying amount of the Company s assets, it recognizes
an impairment loss for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset
exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset.   

The Company calculates the expected undiscounted future net
cash flows of its long-lived assets and their integrated assets using
management s assumptions and expectations of (i) commodity prices, which are
based on the New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) strip, (ii) pricing adjustments
for differentials, (iii) production costs, (iv) capital expenditures, (v)
production volumes, (vi) estimated proved reserves and risk-adjusted probable
and possible reserves, and (vii) prevailing market rates of income and expenses
from integrated assets. At     September 30, 2016,
  the Company s estimates of commodity prices for
purposes of determining undiscounted future cash flows, which are based on the
NYMEX strip, ranged from a 2016 price of $48.53 per barrel of oil and $3.02 per
Mcf of natural gas to a 2023 price of $58.82 per barrel of oil and $3.23 per
Mcf of natural gas. Commodity prices for this purpose were held flat after
2023.   

The Company calculates the estimated fair values of its
long-lived assets and their integrated assets using a discounted future cash
flow model. Fair value assumptions associated with the calculation of
discounted future net cash flows include (i) market estimates of commodity
prices, (ii) pricing adjustments for differentials, (iii) production costs,
(iv) capital expenditures, (v) production volumes, (vi) estimated proved
reserves and risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, (vii) prevailing
market rates of income and expenses from integrated assets and (viii) discount
rate. The expected future net cash flows were discounted using an annual rate
of 10 percent to determine fair value. These are classified as Level 3 fair
value assumptions.   

During the three months ended March 31, 2016, NYMEX strip
prices declined as compared to December 31, 2015, and as a result the carrying
amount of the Company s Yeso field of approximately $3.4 billion exceeded the
expected undiscounted future net cash flows resulting in a non-cash charge
against earnings of approximately $1.5 billion. The non-cash charge represented
the amount by which the carrying amount exceeded the estimated fair value of the
assets.   

The
following table reports the carrying amount, estimated fair value and
impairment expense of long-lived assets for the indicated period:       

It
is reasonably possible that the estimate of undiscounted future net cash flows of
the Company s long-lived assets may change in the future resulting in the need
to impair carrying values. The primary factors that may affect estimates of
future cash flows are (i) commodity prices including differentials,
(ii) increases or decreases in production and capital costs, (iii) future
reserve volume adjustments, both positive and negative, to proved reserves and
appropriate risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, (iv) results of
future drilling activities and (v) changes in income and expenses from
integrated assets.     

14             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 8.      Derivative
financial instruments     

The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage
its exposure to commodity price fluctuations. Commodity derivative instruments
are used to (i) reduce the effect of the volatility of price changes on
the oil and natural gas the Company produces and sells, (ii) support the
Company s capital budget and expenditure plans and (iii) support the economics
associated with acquisitions. The Company does not enter into derivative
financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The Company may also
enter into physical delivery contracts to effectively provide commodity price
hedges. Because these physical delivery contracts are not expected to be net
cash settled, they are considered to be normal sales contracts and not
derivatives. Therefore, these contracts are not recorded in the Company s
consolidated financial statements.   

The Company does not designate its derivative instruments
to qualify for hedge accounting. Accordingly, the Company reflects changes in
the fair value of its derivative instruments in its statements of operations as
they occur.     

The following
table summarizes the amounts reported in earnings related to the commodity
derivative instruments for the three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and
2015:       

15             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Commodity derivative
contracts at September 30, 2016.         The following table sets forth the
Company s outstanding derivative contracts at     September 30, 2016    . When
aggregating multiple contracts, the weighted average contract price is
disclosed. All of the Company s derivative contracts at     September 30, 2016 are expected to settle by December 31,
2018.       

Derivative counterparties.        The Company uses credit and other
financial criteria to evaluate the creditworthiness of counterparties to its
derivative instruments. The Company believes that all of its derivative
counterparties are currently acceptable credit risks. Other than provided by
the Company s revolving credit facility, the Company is not required to provide
credit support or collateral to any counterparties under its derivative
contracts, nor are they required to provide credit support to the Company.     

16             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 9.      Debt      

The Company s
debt consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       

Credit
facility.       The
Company s credit facility, as amended and restated, has a maturity date of May
9, 2019. At September 30, 2016, the Company s commitments from its bank group
were $2.5 billion. The Company expects it will maintain its $2.5 billion in
commitments until its next scheduled redetermination in May 2017. At September
30, 2016, the Company s borrowing base was $2.8 billion.   

Senior notes.      
Interest on the Company s senior notes is paid in arrears semi-annually. The
senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured
basis by all subsidiaries of the Company, subject to customary release
provisions as described in Note 15.   

In September 2016, the Company redeemed the $600 million
outstanding principal amount of its 7.0% unsecured senior notes due 2021 (the
 7.0% Notes ) at a price equal to 103.5 percent of par. The redemption price
included the make-whole premium for the early redemption, as determined in
accordance with the indenture governing the 7.0% Notes. The Company also paid
accrued and unpaid interest on the 7.0% Notes through September 19, 2016, the
redemption date.   

The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt
related to the redemption of the 7.0% Notes of approximately $27.7 million for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. This amount includes
$21.0 million associated with the make-whole premium paid for the early
redemption of the notes and approximately $6.7 million of unamortized deferred
loan costs.   

At     September 30, 2016    , the Company was in compliance with the covenants under
all of its debt instruments.     

17             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Principal maturities of long-term
debt.                Principal
maturities of long-term debt outstanding at September 30, 2016 were as follows:       

Interest
expense.          The following amounts have been
incurred and charged to interest expense for the three and     nine     months ended     September 30, 2016     and
2015:       

18             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 10.      Commitments
and contingencies     

Legal actions       . 
     The Company is a party to proceedings and
claims incidental to its business. While many of these matters involve inherent
uncertainty, the Company believes that the amount of the liability, if any,
ultimately incurred with respect to any such proceedings or claims will not have
a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position as a
whole or on its liquidity, capital resources or future results of operations.
The Company will continue to evaluate proceedings and claims involving the
Company on a regular basis and will establish and adjust any reserves as
appropriate to reflect its assessment of the then current status of the
matters.   

Severance tax, royalty and joint interest
audits       .       The Company is subject to routine severance, royalty and joint
interest audits from regulatory bodies and non-operators and makes accruals as
necessary for estimated exposure when deemed probable and estimable. Additionally, the Company is subject
to various possible contingencies that arise primarily from interpretations
affecting the oil and natural gas industry. Such contingencies include
differing interpretations as to the prices at which oil and natural gas sales
may be made, the prices at which royalty owners may be paid for production from
their leases, allowable costs under joint interest arrangements and other
matters. At     September 30, 2016     and December 31, 2015    , the Company had $14.2 million and $13.4 million, respectively,
accrued for estimated exposure. Although
the Company believes that it has estimated its exposure with respect to the
various laws and regulations, administrative rulings and interpretations
thereof, adjustments could be required as new interpretations and regulations
are issued.      

Commitments.       The Company periodically enters into contractual
arrangements under which the Company is committed to expend funds. These
contractual arrangements relate to purchase agreements the Company has entered
into including drilling commitments, water commitment agreements, throughput
volume delivery commitments, power commitments and maintenance commitments.   The following table summarizes the
Company s commitments at     September 30,
2016    :       

19             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Operating leases.       The Company leases vehicles, equipment and office
facilities under non-cancellable operating leases. Lease payments associated
with these operating leases for the     three     months ended     September
30, 2016     and 2015 were approximately
$2.0 million each, and approximately $6.2 million and $5.9 million
for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015, respectively.   

Future
minimum lease commitments under non-cancellable operating leases at     September 30, 2016     were as
follows:       

Note 11.     
Income taxes     

The effective income tax rates were 37.3 percent
and 33.8 percent for the three months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015,
respectively, and 36.9 percent and 27.5 percent for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015, respectively. Total income tax expense (benefit) for
the three and nine months ended     September 30,
2016     and 2015 differed from
amounts computed by applying the United States federal statutory tax rates to
pre-tax income (loss) due primarily to state taxes and the impact of permanent
differences between book and taxable income.             

20             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 12.      Related
party transactions     

The
following table summarizes amounts paid to and received from related parties
and reported in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the
periods presented:       

(a)
    Amounts include royalties on
certain properties paid to a partnership in which a director of the Company is
the general partner and owns a 3.5 percent partnership interest.     

(b)         Amounts include revenue
interests, overriding royalty interests and net profits interests in properties
owned by the Company made to a director and certain officers (or affiliated
entities). Amounts also include payments for lease bonuses to an affiliated
entity of an officer.     

(c)     Amounts include payments to the
Company as a result of activity on oil and natural gas properties in which certain
officers (or affiliated entities) have an interest.         

21             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 13.      Net income (loss) per share     

The Company uses the two-class method of calculating net income
(loss) per share because certain of the Company s unvested share-based awards
qualify as participating securities.    

The
following table reconciles the Company s net income (loss) from operations and income
(loss) attributable to common stockholders to the basic and diluted earnings
used to determine the Company s net income (loss) per share amounts for the
three and     nine     months ended     September
30, 2016     and 2015, respectively, under the
two-class method:       

The following table is a
reconciliation of the basic weighted average common shares outstanding to
diluted weighted average common shares outstanding for the three and     nine     months ended     September 30, 2016     and
2015:           

Performance
unit awards.       The number of shares
of common stock that will ultimately be issued for performance units will be determined
by a combination of (i) comparing the Company s total shareholder return
relative to the total shareholder return of a predetermined group of peer
companies at the end of the performance period and (ii) the Company s absolute
total shareholder return at the end of the performance period. The performance
period is 36 months. The actual payout of shares will be between zero and 300
percent.     

22             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 14.          Stockholders 
equity     

Public common stock offering.       In August 2016, the Company issued
approximately 10.4 million shares of its common stock in a public offering at $130.90
per share and received net proceeds of approximately $1.3 billion.     

Note 15.      Subsidiary
guarantors     

All of the Company s 100
percent owned subsidiaries have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the
Company s senior notes. The indentures governing the Company s senior notes
provide that the guarantees of its subsidiary guarantors will be released in
certain customary circumstances including (i) in connection with any sale,
exchange or other disposition, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise,
of the capital stock of that guarantor to a person that is not the Company or a
restricted subsidiary of the Company, such that, after giving effect to such
transaction, such guarantor would no longer constitute a subsidiary of the
Company, (ii) in connection with any sale, exchange or other disposition (other
than a lease) of all or substantially all of the assets of that guarantor to a
person that is not the Company or a restricted subsidiary of the Company, (iii)
upon the merger of a guarantor into the Company or any other guarantor or the
liquidation or dissolution of a guarantor, (iv) if the Company designates any
restricted subsidiary that is a guarantor to be an unrestricted subsidiary in
accordance with the indenture, (v) upon legal defeasance or satisfaction and
discharge of the indenture and (vi) upon written notice of such release or
discharge by the Company to the trustee following the release or discharge of
all guarantees by such guarantor of any indebtedness that resulted in the
creation of such guarantee, except a discharge or release by or as a result of
payment under such guarantee.   

See Note 9 for a summary of
the Company s senior notes. In accordance with practices accepted by the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), the Company has prepared
condensed consolidating financial statements in order to quantify the assets,
results of operations and cash flows of such subsidiaries as subsidiary
guarantors.   

The following condensed consolidating balance sheets
at     September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015    ,
condensed consolidating statements of operations for the three and     nine   months ended
    September 30, 2016 and
2015     and
condensed consolidating statements of cash flows for the     nine   months ended
    September 30, 2016 and
2015,     present
financial information for Concho Resources Inc. as the parent on a stand-alone
basis (carrying any investments in subsidiaries under the equity method),
financial information for the subsidiary guarantors on a stand-alone basis and
the consolidation and elimination entries necessary to arrive at the
information for the Company on a consolidated basis. All current and deferred
income taxes are recorded on Concho Resources Inc., as the subsidiaries are
flow-through entities for income tax purposes. The subsidiary guarantors are
not restricted from making distributions to the Company.           

23             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

24             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

25             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

26             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

27             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 16.      Subsequent
events     

Asset acquisition.       In
October 2016, the Company completed an acquisition of approximately 40,000 net
acres in the Northern Midland Basin and other assets from Reliance Energy, Inc.
for approximately $1.7 billion. As consideration for the acquisition, the
Company paid approximately $1.2 billion in cash and issued to the seller
approximately 3.9 million shares of common stock with an approximate value of
$0.5 billion.      

New
commodity derivative contracts.              After
September 30, 2016, the Company entered into the following oil price swaps, oil
basis swaps and natural gas price swaps to hedge additional amounts of the
Company s estimated future production:       

28             

Concho Resources Inc.      

      Condensed Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements      

      September 30, 2016      

      Unaudited      

Note 17.      Supplementary
information     

Capitalized
costs        

Costs
incurred for oil and natural gas producing activities        

29             

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     

The following discussion is intended to assist
you in understanding our business and results of operations together with our
present financial condition. This section should be read in conjunction with
our historical consolidated financial statements and notes.    

Certain statements in our discussion below are
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties. We caution that a number of factors could cause actual results
to differ materially from those implied or expressed by the forward-looking
statements. Please see  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements.    

Overview     

We are an
independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, development,
exploration and production of oil and natural gas properties. Our core
operations are primarily focused in the Permian Basin of Southeast
New Mexico and West Texas. Our legacy in the Permian Basin provides us a
deep understanding of operating and geological trends. We are also at the
forefront of applying new technologies, such as horizontal drilling and
enhanced completion techniques, throughout our three core operating areas: the
New Mexico Shelf, the Delaware Basin and the Midland Basin. In the New Mexico
Shelf, we primarily target the Yeso formation; in the Delaware Basin, we target
the Bone Spring formation (including the Avalon shale and the Bone Spring
sands) and the Wolfcamp shale formation; and in the Midland Basin, we target
the Wolfcamp and Spraberry formations.     Oil comprised 59 percent of our 623.5 MMBoe of estimated proved
reserves at December 31, 2015 and 61.6 percent of our 40.0 MMBoe of
production for the nine months ended     September
30, 2016    .     We seek to operate the wells in which we own an
interest, and we operated wells that accounted for 93 percent of our proved developed
producing PV-10 and 78.9 percent of our 7,636 gross wells at     December 31, 2015    . By controlling operations, we are able to more effectively
manage the cost and timing of exploration and development of our properties,
including the drilling and stimulation methods used.   

Financial
and Operating Performance    

Our financial
and operating performance for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
included the following highlights:  

Net loss was $  1.3 b  illion
($(10.18)     per diluted share) as compared to
net income of $66.7     million ($0.56     per diluted share) for the first nine months of
2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to:  

$1.5
billion in impairments of long-lived assets during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, primarily attributable to properties in our New Mexico
Shelf area, as compared to $7.6 million in non-cash impairment charges in   2015  ;   

$556.7 million change in (gain) loss on derivatives due to
a $175.7   million loss on derivatives during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to a   $381.1   
million gain on derivatives during the nine months ended September 30, 2015;  

$304.0
million decrease in oil and natural gas revenues as a result of a
23 percent decrease in commodity price realizations per Boe   (excluding the effects of derivative activities), partially
offset by   a 2     percent increase in
production  ;    

$27.7
million loss on extinguishment of debt related to the early redemption of our
7.0% unsecured senior notes due 2021 (the  7.0% Notes  and  

$21.9
million increase in exploration and abandonment expense   primarily due to leasehold abandonments during the   nine    months ended   September 30,   2016
as compared to 2015;   

partially offset by:  

30             

$807.7
million change in our income tax provision due to the loss before income taxes during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to income before income
taxes during the nine months ended September 30, 2015;  

$110.8
million increase in (gain) loss on disposition of assets, net primarily due to
our February 2016 asset divestiture;   

$77.2
million decrease in oil and natural gas production expense, primarily due to a continued
identification and implementation of operational cost efficiencies, an overall
decrease in the cost of goods and services and lower production taxes as a
result of reduced revenues;   

$19.1
million decrease in general and administrative expense, primarily due to a
general company-wide initiative to reduce general and administrative costs and
an increase in forfeiture estimates; and  

$11.2
million decrease in depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, primarily
due to slightly lower depletion rate per Boe period over period.  

Average daily sales volumes of   145,868   Boe
per day during the first nine months of 2016 were up slightly as compared to
143,020 Boe per day during the first nine months of 2015.   

Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by
approximately $323.3 million to $437.3   million   for
the first nine months of 2016, as compared to $760.6   m  illion
in the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to a decrease in oil and
natural gas revenues and negative variances in working capital changes,
partially offset by decreased production expenses, changes related to cash
income taxes and decreased cash general and administrative costs.  

Cash increased by approximately $930.4 million during the first
nine months of 2016 primarily as a result of proceeds from our August 2016
equity offering, our divestiture that closed in February 2016 and operating
cash flows, partially offset by the cash consideration paid related to our
asset acquisition that closed in March 2016, cash paid to redeem the 7.0% Notes
in September 2016 and capital expenditures for properties. In October 2016, we
paid approximately $1.2 billion in cash as partial consideration for the asset
acquisition of approximately 40,000 net acres in the Northern Midland Basin (the
 Reliance Acquisition ).  

Commodity Prices    

Our
results of operations are heavily influenced by commodity prices. Commodity
prices may fluctuate widely in response to (i) relatively minor changes in the
supply of and demand for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids, (ii) market
uncertainty and (iii) a variety of additional factors that are beyond our
control. Factors that may impact future commodity prices, including the price
of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids, include, but are not limited to:  

continuing economic uncertainty
worldwide;  

political and economic developments in
oil and natural gas producing regions, including Africa, South America and the
Middle East;  

the extent to which members of the
Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other oil exporting nations
are able to influence global oil supply levels;  

technological advances affecting energy
consumption and energy supply;  

domestic and foreign governmental
regulations, including limits on the United States  ability to export crude
oil, and taxation;  

the level of global inventories;  

the proximity, capacity, cost and
availability of pipelines and other transportation facilities, as well as the
availability of commodity processing and gathering and refining capacity;  

risks related to the concentration of
our operations in the Permian Basin of Southeast New Mexico and West Texas and
the level of commodity inventory in the Permian Basin;  

31             

the quality of the oil we produce;  

the overall global demand for oil,
natural gas and natural gas liquids;  

the domestic and foreign supply of oil,
natural gas and natural gas liquids;  

political and economic events that
directly or indirectly impact the relative strength or weakness of the United
States dollar, on which oil prices are benchmarked globally, against foreign
currencies;  

the effect of energy conservation
efforts;  

the price and availability of
alternative fuels; and  

overall North American oil, natural gas
and natural gas liquids supply and demand fundamentals, including:  

the United States economy,   

weather conditions, and   

liquefied natural gas deliveries to and
exports from the United States.   

Although
we cannot predict the occurrence of events that may affect future commodity
prices or the degree to which these prices will be affected, the prices for any
commodity that we produce will generally approximate current market prices in
the geographic region of the production. From time to time, we expect that we
may economically hedge a portion of our commodity price risk to mitigate the
impact of price volatility on our business. See Notes 8 and 16 of the Condensed
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in  Item 1.
Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  for additional information
regarding our commodity derivative positions at September 30, 2016 and additional
derivative contracts entered into subsequent to September 30, 2016,
respectively.  

Oil and natural gas prices have been subject to
significant fluctuations during the past several years. In general, the average
oil and natural gas prices were lower during the comparable year-to-date
periods of 2016 measured against 2015; however, the average natural gas prices
were slightly higher during the comparable quarterly periods ended September
30, 2016 measured against 2015. The following table sets forth the average New
York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) oil and natural gas prices for the three and
nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015, as well as the high and low NYMEX
prices for the same periods:   

Further, the NYMEX oil price and NYMEX natural
gas price reached highs and lows of $51.60 and $44.07 per Bbl and $3.34 and
$2.73 per MMBtu, respectively, during the period from     October 1, 2016    
to November 7, 2016. At November 7, 2016, the NYMEX oil price and NYMEX natural
gas price were $44.07 per Bbl and $2.77 per MMBtu, respectively.   

32             

Recent Events     

Asset acquisition.       In
October 2016, we completed the Reliance Acquisition. As consideration for the
acquisition, we paid approximately $1.2 billion in cash and issued to the
seller approximately 3.9 million shares of common stock with an approximate
value of $0.5 billion.    

Redemption of senior notes.       In September 2016, we redeemed the $600 million outstanding
principal amount of our 7.0% Notes at a price equal to 103.5 percent of par.
The redemption price included the make-whole premium for the early redemption,
as determined in accordance with the indenture governing the 7.0% Notes. We
also paid accrued and unpaid interest on the 7.0% Notes through September 19,
2016, the redemption date.   

We recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt related to the
redemption of the 7.0% Notes of approximately $27.7 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016. This amount includes $21.0 million
associated with the make-whole premium paid for the early redemption of the
notes and approximately $6.7 million of unamortized deferred loan costs.   

Common stock offering.       In August 2016, we issued approximately 10.4 million
shares of our common stock in a public offering at $130.90 per share and
received net proceeds of approximately $1.3 billion. We used a portion of the
net proceeds to finance part of the cash portion of the purchase price for the
Reliance Acquisition and to fund part of the early redemption of the 7.0% Notes,
and the remainder for general corporate purposes.    

2017 capital budget.       In November 2016, we announced our 2017 capital budget, excluding
acquisitions, of approximately $1.6 billion with expected capital spending to
range between $1.4 billion and $1.6 billion. Approximately 90 percent of
capital will be directed to drilling and completion activity. Our 2017 capital
program is expected to continue focusing on horizontal drilling in the Delaware
Basin and Midland Basin. Our 2017 capital budget, based on our current
expectations of commodity prices and costs, is expected to be within our cash
flows. Our budget could change depending on numerous factors, including
commodity prices, leverage metrics and industry conditions.   

33             

Derivative
Financial Instruments     

Derivative financial instrument exposure.       At     September 30, 2016    , the fair value of our financial derivatives was a net     asset     of $    61.8         million. All of our counterparties to these financial
derivatives are parties or affiliates of parties to our credit facility and
have their outstanding debt commitments and derivative exposures collateralized
pursuant to our credit facility. Under the terms of our financial derivative
instruments and their collateralization under our credit facility, we do not
have exposure to potential  margin calls  on our financial derivative
instruments. We currently have no reason to believe that our counterparties to
these commodity derivative contracts are not financially viable. Our credit
facility does not allow us to offset amounts we may owe a lender against
amounts we may be owed related to our financial instruments with such party or
its affiliates.   

New commodity derivative contracts.       After September 30, 2016, we entered into the following
oil price swaps, oil basis swaps and natural gas price swaps to hedge
additional amounts of our estimated future production:   

34             

Results
of Operations    

The following table sets forth summary
information concerning our production and operating data for the three and nine
months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015. Because of normal production
declines, increased or decreased drilling activities, fluctuations in commodity
prices and the effects of acquisitions or divestitures, the historical
information presented below should not be interpreted as being indicative of
future results.   

35             

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30,
2015    

Oil and natural gas
revenues.      Revenue from oil and natural gas operations was     $430.5 million for the three months ended   September 30,
2016  , a decrease of     $33.0 million (7   percent  ) from $463.5 million for   2015  .
This decrease was primarily due to the decrease in realized oil and natural gas
prices and a decrease in oil production partially offset by an increase in
natural gas production. Specific factors affecting oil and natural gas revenues
include the following:  

total oil production was 8,383   MBbl    for the
three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a   decrease    of 562   MBbl    (6.3   percent  ) from 8,945   MBbl    for   2015  ;   

average realized oil price (excluding the effects of derivative
activities) was  
$41.52   per Bbl during the three months ended   September 30,
2016  , a decrease of 5.2   percent    from   $43.82    per Bbl during   2015  .   For the three
months ended September 30, 2016, our crude oil price differential relative to
NYMEX was $(3.51) per Bbl, or a realization of approximately 92.2 percent, as
compared to a crude oil price differential relative to NYMEX of $(2.88) per
Bbl, or a realization of approximately 93.8 percent, for 2015. We incur fixed
deductions from the posted Midland oil price based on the location of our oil
within the Permian Basin. Additionally, the basis differential between the
location of Midland, Texas and Cushing, Oklahoma (NYMEX pricing location) for
our oil directly impacts our realized oil price. For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the average market basis differential between
WTI-Midland and WTI-Cushing was a price reduction of $  (0.31)
  per
Bbl and benefit of $  0.72   per
Bbl, respectively;  

total natural gas production was 34,096   MMcf    for the three months ended   September 30,
2016  , an   increase    of 5,350   MMcf    (18.6   percent  ) from 28,746   MMcf    for   2015  ;
and  

average realized natural gas price (excluding the effects of
derivative activities) was   $2.42   per Mcf during the
three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of 2.8   percent    from   $2.49   per Mcf during
  2015.
For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we realized
approximately 86.4 percent and 91.2 percent, respectively, of the average NYMEX
natural gas prices for the respective periods. Factors contributing to the
decrease in our realized gas price (excluding the effects of derivatives) as a
percentage of NYMEX during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to 2015 include (i) a decrease in the posted regional natural gas
prices on which we are paid while the NYMEX natural gas price increased and
(ii) increased deductions and fees from the natural gas price on which we are
paid, comparatively, partially offset by the average Mont Belvieu price of
$17.82 per Bbl compared to $16.56 per Bbl during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

36             

Production expenses.        The following table provides the
components of our total oil and natural gas production costs for the three
months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015:   

Among the cost components of production expenses, we have
some control over lease operating expenses and workover costs on properties we
operate, but production and ad valorem taxes are related to commodity prices.    

Lease operating expenses were $65.2 million ($4.63
per Boe) for the three months ended     September
30, 2016    , which was a decrease of
$25.0 million from $90.2 million ($6.57 per Boe) for the three months ended     September 30, 2015    . The decrease in lease operating expenses during the third
quarter of 2016 as compared to 2015 was primarily due to (i)     continued identification and implementation of operational
cost efficiencies,     (ii) an overall
decrease in the cost of goods and services, including salt water disposal costs
and (iii) credits from interim period estimates of the cost for goods and
services    .     The decrease in lease operating expenses per Boe was primarily due
to     the reduction in lease
operating expenses noted above coupled with a slight increase in production
period over period    .   

Workover expenses were approximately
$4.9 million and $9.0 million for the three months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015, respectively. The decrease was primarily related to
less overall activity during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to 2015.   

Production taxes per unit of production were $2.25
per Boe during the three months ended     September
30, 2016    , a decrease of 7 percent
from $2.41 per Boe during     2015    . Over the same period, our revenue per Boe
prices (excluding the effects of derivatives) decreased 9 percent. The decrease
in production taxes per unit of production was directly related to the decrease
in oil and natural gas prices.   

37             

Exploration
and abandonments expense.      
The following table provides a breakdown of our exploration and abandonments
expense for the three months ended     September
30, 2016     and 2015:   

Our geological and geophysical expense for the
periods presented above primarily consists of the costs of acquiring and
processing geophysical data and core analysis.    

For the three months ended     September 30, 2016    , we recorded approximately $8.0 million of leasehold
abandonments primarily related to expiring acreage. For the three months ended     September 30, 2015,     our abandonments were primarily related to non-core acreage in our
Delaware Basin area.   

Depreciation, depletion and amortization
expense.               The following table provides components of our
depreciation, depletion and amortization expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

Depletion of proved oil and natural gas
properties was $293.8 million ($20.88 per Boe) for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, a decrease of $30.7 million (9 percent) from $324.5
million ($23.63 per Boe) for 2015. The decrease in depletion expense was primarily
due to a lower depletion rate per Boe period over period partially offset by a
slight increase in production. The decrease in depletion expense per Boe period
over period was primarily due to     a
non-cash impairment charge of approximately $1.5 billion recorded in the first
quarter of 2016, partially offset by an overall decrease in proved reserves period
over period caused by (i) lower commodity prices, partially offset by capital
cost reductions and (ii) reclassification of proved reserves to unproven that
are no longer expected to be developed within the five years of their initial
recording as required by SEC rules.   

The increase in depreciation expense was primarily
associated with additional other property and equipment related to buildings
and other items.   

Impairments of long-lived assets.       We periodically review our long-lived assets to
be held and used, including proved oil and natural gas properties and their
integrated assets, whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of those assets may not be recoverable, for instance when there are
declines in commodity prices or well performance. We review our oil and natural
gas properties by depletion base. An impairment loss is indicated if the sum of
the expected       

38             

undiscounted future net cash flows is
less than the carrying amount of the assets. If the estimated undiscounted
future net cash flows are less than the carrying amount of our assets, we
recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the carrying amount of the
asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset.   

We calculate the expected undiscounted future
net cash flows of our long-lived assets and their integrated assets using
management s assumptions and expectations of (i) commodity prices, which are
based on the NYMEX strip, (ii) pricing adjustments for differentials, (iii)
production costs, (iv) capital expenditures, (v) production volumes, (vi) estimated
proved reserves and risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, and (vii)
prevailing market rates of income and expenses from integrated assets.     At     September 30, 2016, o    ur estimates of commodity prices for purposes
of determining undiscounted future cash flows are based on the NYMEX strip, which
ranged from a 2016 price of $48.53 per barrel of oil and $3.02 per Mcf of natural
gas to a 2023 price of $58.82 per barrel of oil and $3.23 per Mcf of natural
gas. Commodity prices for this purpose were held flat after 2023.   

We calculate the estimated fair values of our
long-lived assets and their integrated assets using a discounted future cash
flow model. Fair value assumptions associated with the calculation of
discounted future net cash flows include (i) market estimates of commodity
prices, (ii) pricing adjustments for differentials, (iii) production costs,
(iv) capital expenditures, (v) production volumes, (vi) estimated proved
reserves and risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, (vii) prevailing
market rates of income and expenses from integrated assets and (viii) discount
rate. The expected future net cash flows were discounted using an annual rate
of 10 percent to determine fair value.    

As a result of the carrying amount of certain
of our long-lived assets and their integrated assets being less than their
expected undiscounted future net cash flows, we recognized a non-cash charge
against earnings of approximately $7.6 million during the three months ended September
30, 2015, which was primarily attributable to properties in our eastern Midland
Basin area. The non-cash charge represented the amount by which the carrying
amount exceeded the estimated fair value of the assets. We did not recognize an
impairment charge during the three months ended September 30, 2016.   

It is reasonably possible that the estimate of
undiscounted future net cash flows may change in the future resulting in the
need to impair carrying values. The primary factors that may affect estimates
of future net cash flows are (i) commodity futures prices, (ii) increases or decreases
in production and capital costs, (iii) future reserve volume adjustments, both
positive and negative, to proved reserves and appropriate risk-adjusted
probable and possible reserves, (iv) results of future drilling activities and
(v) changes in income and expenses from integrated assets. If the oil and
natural gas prices used in this analysis would have been approximately 10 percent
lower as of September 30, 2016 with no other changes in capital costs,
operating costs, price differentials, or reserve volumes, no impairment would
be indicated.   

39             

General and administrative expenses.              The following table provides components of our general and
administrative expenses for the three months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015:   

General and administrative expenses were
approximately $53.5 million ($3.80 per Boe) for the three months ended     September 30, 2016    , a decrease of $6.6 million (11 percent) from $60.1 million
($4.37 per Boe) for     2015    . The decrease in cash general and
administrative expenses was primarily a result of a general company-wide
initiative to reduce general and administrative costs, while the decrease in
non-cash stock-based compensation was primarily due to an increase in
forfeiture estimates.     The decrease
in total general and administrative expenses per Boe was primarily due to the
reduction in general and administrative costs noted above coupled with a slight
increase in production period over period.   

As the operator of certain oil and natural gas properties
in which we own an interest, we earn overhead reimbursements during the
drilling and production phases of the property.   This
reimbursement is reflected as a reduction of general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.    

40             

Gain on derivatives.              The following table sets forth the gain on derivatives for the
three months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015:   

Our earnings are affected by the changes in
value of our derivatives portfolio between periods, which could be significant.
To the extent the future commodity price outlook declines between measurement
periods, we will have mark-to-market gains, while to the extent future
commodity price outlook increases between measurement periods, we will have
mark-to-market losses.   

Interest expense.        The following table sets forth interest
expense, weighted average interest rates and weighted average debt balances for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

The decrease in the weighted average debt balance
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 2015 was
due to the repayment of our credit facility using a portion of the
proceeds from our October 2015 equity offering and, to       

41             

a
lesser extent, the early redemption of the $600 million outstanding principal
amount of our 7.0% Notes. The decrease in interest expense was
due to a decrease in the weighted average debt balance.   

Loss on extinguishment of debt.        We recorded a     loss on extinguishment of debt of $27.7 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016. This amount includes $21.0 million
associated with the make-whole premium paid for the early redemption of the
7.0% Notes and approximately $6.7 million of unamortized deferred loan costs.   

Income tax provisions.        We recorded an income tax benefit
of $30.4 million and income tax expense of $91.9 million for the three months
ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015, respectively. The change in our
income tax provision was primarily due to the decrease in income before income
taxes. The effective income tax rates for the three months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015 were 37.3 percent and 33.8 percent,
respectively.   

42             

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30,
2015    

Oil and natural gas
revenues.      Revenue from oil and natural gas operations was     $1,110.4 million for the nine months ended   September 30,
2016  , a decrease of     $304.0 million (21   percent  ) from $1,414.4 million for   2015  . This
decrease was primarily due to the decrease in realized oil and natural gas
prices. Specific factors affecting oil and natural gas revenues include the
following:  

total oil production was 24,620   MBbl   
for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , a   decrease    of 1,422   MBbl    (5.5   percent  ) from 26,042   MBbl    for   2015  ;   

average realized oil price (excluding the effects of derivative
activities) was  
$37.75   per Bbl during the nine months ended   September 30,
2016  , a decrease of 18.9   percent    from   $46.56    per Bbl during   2015  . For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, our crude oil price differential relative to NYMEX was
$(3.70) per Bbl, or a realization of approximately 91.1 percent, as compared to
a crude oil price differential relative to NYMEX of $(4.54) per Bbl, or a
realization of approximately 91.1 percent, for 2015. We incur fixed deductions
from the posted Midland oil price based on the location of our oil within the
Permian Basin. Additionally, the basis differential between the location of
Midland, Texas and Cushing, Oklahoma (NYMEX pricing location) for our oil directly
impacts our realized oil price. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the average market basis differential between WTI-Midland and
WTI-Cushing was a price reduction of $0.11 per Bbl and $0.62 per Bbl,
respectively;  

total natural gas production was 92,087   MMcf    for the nine months ended   September 30,
2016  , an   increase    of 14,073   MMcf   
(18.0   percent  ) from 78,014   MMcf    for   2015  ; and  

average realized natural gas price (excluding the effects of
derivative activities) was   $1.97   per Mcf during the
nine months ended   September
30, 2016  , a decrease of 23.9   percent    from  
$2.59   per Mcf during   2015  .
For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , we
realized approximately 83.8 percent and 93.8 percent, respectively, of the
average NYMEX natural gas prices for the respective periods.   Factors
contributing to the decrease in our realized gas price (excluding the effects
of derivatives) as a percentage of NYMEX during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 as compared to 2015 were (i) a decrease in the posted regional natural
gas prices on which we are paid while the NYMEX natural gas price decreased at
a lesser rate, (ii) increased deductions and fees from the regional natural gas
price, comparatively and (iii) the average Mont Belvieu price of $16.82 per Bbl
compared to $18.18 per Bbl during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.    

During
December 2015, a third-party natural gas processing plant located in the
northern Delaware Basin became inoperable following an explosion. We estimate
that this event negatively impacted production for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 by approximately   1.6    MBoepd.   The plant became fully
operational during April 2016.  

43             

Production expenses.        The following table provides the
components of our total oil and natural gas production costs for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

Among the cost components of production expenses, we have
some control over lease operating expenses and workover costs on properties we
operate, but production and ad valorem taxes are related to commodity prices.    

Lease operating expenses were $224.5 million
($5.62 per Boe) for the nine months ended     September
30, 2016    , which was a decrease of
$41.4 million from $265.9 million ($6.81 per Boe) for the nine months ended     September 30, 2015    . The decrease in lease operating expenses during the nine months
ended     September 30, 2016     as compared to 2015 was primarily due to (i)     continued identification and implementation of operational
cost efficiencies     and (ii) an
overall decrease in the cost of goods and services. The decrease in lease
operating expenses per Boe was primarily due to the reduction in lease
operating expenses noted above coupled with a slight increase in production period
over period.   

Workover expenses were approximately
$15.1 million and $22.1 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease was primarily related to less overall
activity during 2016 as compared to 2015.   

Production taxes per unit of production were
$1.96 per Boe during the nine months ended     September
30, 2016    , a decrease of 24 percent
from $2.57 per Boe during     2015    . The decrease was directly related to the
decrease in oil and natural gas prices. Over the same period, our revenue per
Boe prices (excluding the effects of derivatives) decreased 23 percent.   

44             

Exploration
and abandonments expense.      
The following table provides a breakdown of our exploration and abandonments
expense for the     nine     months ended     September
30, 2016     and 2015:   

Our geological and geophysical expense for the
periods presented above primarily consists of the costs of acquiring and
processing geophysical data and core analysis.   

Our exploratory dry hole costs during the     nine     months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily related to (i) an
uneconomic well in our Delaware Basin area that was attempting to establish commercial
production through testing of multiple zones. Our exploratory dry hole costs
during the     nine     months ended September 30, 2015 were primarily
related to (i) an uneconomic well in our Delaware Basin area that was
attempting to establish production in a zone not previously producing in the
general area and (ii) expensing an unsuccessful well, which we did not operate,
that was located in our New Mexico Shelf area.   

For the   nine    months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded approximately $39.8 million and
$16.6 million, respectively, of leasehold abandonments.     For the nine months ended     September 30, 2016,     our abandonments were primarily related to (i) drilling locations
in our Delaware Basin and New Mexico Shelf areas which, based on multiple
factors, are no longer likely to be drilled, (ii) acreage in our Delaware Basin
and New Mexico Shelf areas where we have no future development plans and (iii)
expiring acreage. For the     nine     months ended September 30, 2015, our abandonments were
primarily related to non-core acreage in our Delaware Basin area.   

Depreciation, depletion and amortization
expense.        The
following table provides components of our depreciation, depletion and
amortization expense for the nine months ended     September
30, 2016     and 2015:   

Depletion of proved oil and natural gas properties
was $873.8 million ($21.86 per Boe) for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016    , a decrease of $12.8 million (1 percent) from $886.6 million
($22.71 per Boe) for     2015    . The decrease in depletion expense was
primarily due to a slightly lower depletion rate per Boe period over period
partially offset by a slight increase in production. The decrease in depletion
expense per Boe period over period was primarily due to a non-cash impairment
charge of approximately $1.5 billion recorded in the first quarter of 2016,
partially offset by an overall decrease in proved reserves period over period caused
by (i) lower commodity prices, partially offset by capital cost reductions and
(ii) reclassification of proved reserves to unproven that are no longer
expected to be developed within the five years of their initial recording as
required by SEC rules.   

45             

The increase in depreciation expense was
primarily associated with additional other property and equipment related to
buildings and other items.   

Impairments of long-lived assets.       We periodically review our long-lived assets to
be held and used, including proved oil and natural gas properties and their
integrated assets, whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of those assets may not be recoverable, for instance when there are
declines in commodity prices or well performance. We review our oil and natural
gas properties by depletion base. An impairment loss is indicated if the sum of
the expected undiscounted future net cash flows is less than the carrying
amount of the assets. If the estimated undiscounted future net cash flows are
less than the carrying amount of our assets, we recognize an impairment loss
for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated
fair value of the asset.   

We calculate the expected undiscounted future
net cash flows of our long-lived assets and their integrated assets using
management s assumptions and expectations of (i) commodity prices, which are
based on the NYMEX strip, (ii) pricing adjustments for differentials, (iii)
production costs, (iv) capital expenditures, (v) production volumes, (vi) estimated
proved reserves and risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, and (vii) prevailing
market rates of income and expenses from integrated assets.     At     September 30, 2016, o    ur estimates of commodity prices for purposes
of determining undiscounted future cash flows are based on the NYMEX strip,
which ranged from a 2016 price of $48.53 per barrel of oil and $3.02 per Mcf of
natural gas to a 2023 price of $58.82 per barrel of oil and $3.23 per Mcf of natural
gas. Commodity prices for this purpose were held flat after 2023.   

We calculate the estimated fair values of our
long-lived assets and their integrated assets using a discounted future cash
flow model. Fair value assumptions associated with the calculation of
discounted future net cash flows include (i) market estimates of commodity
prices, (ii) pricing adjustments for differentials, (iii) production costs,
(iv) capital expenditures, (v) production volumes, (vi) estimated proved
reserves and risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, (vii) prevailing
market rates of income and expenses from integrated assets and (viii) discount
rate. The expected future net cash flows were discounted using an annual rate
of 10 percent to determine fair value.   

During the three months ended March 31, 2016,
NYMEX strip prices declined as compared to December 31, 2015, and as a result the
carrying amount of our Yeso field in our New Mexico Shelf area exceeded the expected
undiscounted future net cash flows resulting in a non-cash charge against
earnings of approximately $1.5 billion. As a result of the carrying amount of
certain of our long-lived assets and their integrated assets being less than
their expected undiscounted future net cash flows, we recognized a non-cash
charge against earnings of approximately $7.6 million during the nine months
ended     September 30, 2015    , which was primarily attributable to
properties in our eastern Midland Basin area. Both of these non-cash charges
represented the amount by which the carrying amount exceeded the estimated fair
value of the assets.    

It is reasonably possible that the estimate of
undiscounted future net cash flows of our long-lived assets may change in the
future resulting in the need to impair carrying values. The primary factors
that may affect estimates of future net cash flows are (i) commodity futures
prices, (ii) increases or decreases in production and capital costs, (iii)
future reserve volume adjustments, both positive and negative, to proved
reserves and appropriate risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, (iv)
results of future drilling activities and (v) prevailing market rates of income
and expenses from integrated assets. If the oil and natural gas prices used in
this analysis would have been approximately 10 percent lower as of     September 30, 2016     with no other changes in capital costs, operating costs, price
differentials, or reserve volumes, no impairment would be indicated.   

46             

General and administrative expenses.              The following table provides components of our general and
administrative expenses for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015:   

General and administrative expenses were
approximately $160.7 million ($4.02 per Boe) for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016    , a decrease of $19.1 million (11 percent) from $179.8 million
($4.60 per Boe) for     2015    . The decrease in cash general and
administrative expenses was primarily a result of a general company-wide
initiative to reduce general and administrative costs, while the decrease in
non-cash stock-based compensation was primarily due to an increase in
forfeiture estimates.     The decrease
in total general and administrative expenses per Boe was primarily due to the
reduction in general and administrative costs noted above coupled with a slight
increase in production period over period.   

As the operator of certain oil and natural gas properties
in which we own an interest, we earn overhead reimbursements during the
drilling and production phases of the property.   This
reimbursement is reflected as a reduction of general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.   

47             

Gain (loss) on derivatives.              The following table sets forth the gain (loss) on derivatives for
the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015:   

Our earnings are affected by the changes in
value of our derivatives portfolio between periods, which could be significant.
To the extent the future commodity price outlook declines between measurement
periods, we will have mark-to-market gains, while to the extent future
commodity price outlook increases between measurement periods, we will have
mark-to-market losses.   

Gain on disposition of assets, net.       In February 2016, we sold certain assets in the northern
Delaware Basin for proceeds of approximately $292.0 million, and recognized a
pre-tax gain of approximately $110.1 million.   

48             

Interest expense.              The following table sets forth interest expense, weighted average
interest rates and weighted average debt balances for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015:   

The decrease in the weighted average debt
balance for the nine months ended September 30, 2016     as compared to 2015 was due to the
repayment of our credit facility using a portion of the proceeds from our
October 2015 equity offering and, to a lesser extent, the early redemption of
the $600 million outstanding principal amount of our 7.0% Notes. The increase in
interest expense was due to a reduction in capitalized interest period
over period, partially offset by an overall decrease in the weighted average
debt balance.   

Loss on extinguishment of debt.            We
recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $27.7 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. This amount includes $21.0 million associated
with the make-whole premium paid for the early redemption of the 7.0% Notes and
approximately $6.7 million of unamortized deferred loan costs.   

Income tax provisions.        We recorded an income tax benefit of
$782.4 million and income tax expense of $25.3 million for the nine months
ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015, respectively. The change in our
income tax provision was primarily due to the decrease in income before income
taxes. The effective income tax rates for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015 were 36.9 percent and 27.5 percent, respectively.   

49             

Capital Commitments, Capital Resources and Liquidity     

Capital commitments.       Our primary needs for cash are development, exploration and acquisition
of oil and natural gas assets, midstream joint ventures and other capital
commitments, payment of contractual obligations and working capital
obligations. Funding for these cash needs may be provided by any combination of
internally-generated cash flow, financing under our credit facility, proceeds
from the disposition of assets or alternative financing sources, as discussed
in        Capital resources  below.   

Oil and natural gas properties.       Our costs incurred on oil and natural gas
properties, excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations, during the
    nine   months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015 totaled $798.8 million and $1.6 billion, respectively. The
decrease was primarily due to our reduced drilling and completion activity
level during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to 2015. The decrease is
primarily related to our intent to adjust our capital spending to be within our
cash flow, excluding unbudgeted acquisitions. The primary reason for the
differences in the costs incurred and cash flow expenditures was our issuance
of approximately 2.2 million shares of common stock related to our March 2016
acquisition and timing of payments. The 2016 expenditures were primarily funded
in part from (i) cash flows from operations, (ii) proceeds from our February
2016 divestiture and (iii) our issuance of approximately 2.2 million shares of
common stock related to our March 2016 acquisition.   

2016 capital budget        .              Based on current commodity prices and costs, we
expect our capital plan for 2016, excluding acquisitions, to be approximately
$1.3 billion, within our guidance range of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, and
intend to manage our capital spending to be within our cash flows.   

2017 capital budget.       In November 2016, we announced our 2017 capital
budget, excluding acquisitions, of approximately $1.6 billion with expected
capital spending to range between $1.4 billion and $1.6 billion. Approximately
90 percent of capital will be directed to drilling and completion activity. Our
2017 capital program is expected to continue focusing on horizontal drilling in
the Delaware Basin and Midland Basin. Our 2017 capital budget, based on our
current expectations of commodity prices and costs, is expected to be within
our cash flows. However, if we were to outspend our cash flows, we believe we could
use our (i) cash on hand, (ii) credit facility and (iii) other financing
sources to fund any cash flow deficits. The actual amount and timing of our
expenditures may differ materially from our estimates as a result of, among
other things, actual drilling results, the timing of expenditures by third
parties on projects that we do not operate, the costs of drilling rigs and
other services and equipment, regulatory, technological and competitive
developments, commodity prices, leverage metrics and industry conditions. In
addition, under certain circumstances, we may consider increasing, decreasing
or reallocating our capital spending plans.   

Acquisitions.       The
following table reflects o    ur expenditures for
acquisitions of proved and unproved properties for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and
2015:   

Contractual obligations.        Our contractual obligations include long-term
debt, cash interest expense on debt, operating lease obligations, purchase
obligations, employment agreements with officers, derivative liabilities,
investment contributions       

50             

related to Alpha Crude
Connecter, LLC, our other midstream entity in the southern Delaware Basin and
other obligations. With the exception of the early redemption of our 7.0%
Notes, since December 31, 2015, the changes in our contractual obligations are
not material. See Note 9 of the Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
for additional information regarding our long-term debt and  Item 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  for information
regarding the interest on our long-term debt and information on changes in the
fair value of our open derivative obligations during the nine months ended     September 30, 2016    .   

Off-balance sheet arrangements.        Currently, we do not have any material
off-balance sheet arrangements.   

Capital resources.        Historically, our primary sources of
liquidity have been cash flows generated from (i) operating activities and     cash settlements received from derivatives  , (ii) borrowings under our credit facility, (iii) proceeds
from bond and equity offerings and (iv) proceeds from the sale of assets.
During the remainder of 2016, our intent is to manage our capital spending to
be within our cash flows, excluding acquisitions. Based on current commodity
prices and costs, our capital plan for the full year 2016, excluding
acquisitions, is estimated to be approximately $1.3 billion. However, if
we were to outspend our cash flows, we believe we could use our (i) cash on
hand, (ii) credit facility and (iii) other financing sources to fund any cash
flow deficits.   

The following table summarizes our changes in
cash and cash equivalents for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and 2015:   

Cash flow from
operating activities.     The decrease in operating cash flows during the   nine    months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
the same period in 2015 was primarily due to (i) a decrease in oil and natural
gas revenues of approximately $304.0 million and (ii) approximately $143.5
million of negative variances in operating assets and liabilities, partially
offset by (i) approximately $77.2 million decrease in cash production expense,
(ii) an increase in operating cash flow of approximately $33.5 million due to a
cash tax benefit of approximately $18.8 million for the   nine    months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to cash tax expense of approximately $14.8 million
during 2015
and
(iii) a cash decrease in general and administrative expense of approximately
$15.0 million.  

Our net cash provided by operating
activities included a reduction of approximately $72.8  
  million and a benefit of approximately $70.7     million
for the   nine    months ended September 30,
2016
and 2015, respectively, associated with changes in working capital items.
Changes in working capital items adjust for the timing of receipts and payments
of actual cash.  

Cash
flow used in investing activities.     During the nine months ended
  September
30, 2016   and 2015, we invested approximately $0.9 billion and $2.2 billion,
respectively, for capital expenditures on oil and natural gas properties. Additionally,
we received approximately $296.3 million related to proceeds from the
disposition of assets and approximately $582.0 million from settlements on
derivatives during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
$443.4 million from settlements on derivatives during the comparable period in
2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had a cash outflow for
funds held in escrow of approximately $81.3 million related to the Reliance
Acquisition. In October 2016 we closed on the Reliance Acquisition and, as
partial consideration, paid approximately $1.2 billion in cash.  

Cash flow from
financing activities.         Net cash provided by financing
activities was approximately $694.3 million and $1,063.2 million for the   nine    months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Below is a description of our
significant financing activities:  

51             

In September 2016, we redeemed the $600 million outstanding
principal amount of our 7.0% Notes at a price equal to 103.5 percent of par.
The redemption price included the make-whole premium for the early redemption
of $21.0 million.  

In August 2016, we issued approximately 10.4 million shares of our
common stock in a public offering at $130.90 per share and received net
proceeds of approximately $1.3 billion.   

In March 2015, we issued shares of our common stock in a public
offering and received net proceeds of approximately $741.5 million. We
used a portion of the net proceeds from this offering to repay all outstanding
borrowings under our credit facility and the remainder for general corporate
purposes.  

During the first nine months of 2016, we had no outstanding
borrowings under our credit facility.  

During the first nine months of 2015, we had net borrowings on our
credit facility of $307.0 million.  

Subsequent
to   September
30, 2016, as partial consideration for the Reliance Acquisition, we issued to
the seller approximately 3.9 million shares of common stock with an approximate
value of $0.5 billion.  

At   September 30,
2016,   we had unused commitments on our credit facility of   $2.5   billion. The maturity date of the credit facility is
May 9, 2019.  

Advances
on our amended and restated credit facility bear interest, at our option, based
on (i) the prime rate of JPMorgan Chase Bank ( JPM Prime Rate ) or (ii) a
Eurodollar rate (substantially equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate). The
credit facility s interest rates of Eurodollar rate advances and JPM Prime Rate
advances varied, with interest margins ranging from 125 to 225 basis points and
25 to 125 basis points, respectively, per annum depending on the utilization of
the borrowing base. We pay commitment fees on the unused portion of the
available commitment ranging from 30.0 to 37.5 basis points per annum,
depending on utilization of the borrowing base. Subject to certain
restrictions, with respect to our public debt ratings, the collateral securing
the facility may be released.  

In conducting
our business, we may utilize various financing sources, including the issuance
of (i) fixed and floating rate debt, (ii) convertible securities, (iii)
preferred stock, (iv) common stock and (v) other securities.   Historically, we have demonstrated our use of the capital
markets by issuing common stock and senior unsecured debt. There are no
assurances that we can access the capital markets to obtain additional funding,
if needed, and at cost and terms that are favorable to us.   We may also
sell assets and issue securities in exchange for oil and natural gas assets or
interests in energy companies. Additional securities may be of a class senior
to common stock with respect to such matters as dividends and liquidation
rights and may also have other rights and preferences as determined from time
to time. Utilization of some of these financing sources may require approval
from the lenders under our credit facility.  

Liquidity.     Our principal
sources of liquidity are cash on hand and available borrowing capacity under
our credit facility. At September
30, 2016,
we had approximately $1.2   billion   of cash
on hand. Approximately $1.2 billion of this amount was utilized as partial
consideration for the Reliance Acquisition in October 2016.  

At September 30, 2016, our
commitments from our bank group were $2.5 billion. We expect we will maintain
our $2.5 billion in commitments until our next scheduled redetermination in May
2017. At September 30, 2016, our borrowing base was $2.8 billion.     There is no assurance that our borrowing base will not be
reduced, which could affect our liquidity. Upon
a subsequent redetermination, our borrowing base could be substantially
reduced.  

We may from time to time
seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or
exchanges for other debt or equity securities, in open market purchases,
privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges,
if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity
requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved
may be material.  

Debt ratings      .          We receive debt
credit ratings from Standard   Poor s Ratings Group, Inc. ( S P ) and
Moody s Investors Service, Inc. ( Moody s ), which are subject to regular
reviews. S P s corporate rating for us is  BB+  with an outlook that was
raised from stable to positive in August 2016. Moody s corporate rating for us
is  Ba1  with a stable outlook. S P and      

52             

Moody s
consider many factors in determining our ratings including: the industry in
which we operate, production growth opportunities, liquidity, debt levels and
asset and reserve mix. A reduction in our debt ratings could negatively affect
our ability to obtain additional financing or the interest rate, fees and other
terms associated with such additional financing.  

A downgrade in our credit ratings could
negatively impact our costs of capital and our ability to effectively execute
aspects of our strategy. Further, a downgrade in our credit ratings could
affect our ability to raise debt in the public debt markets, and the cost of
any new debt could be much higher than our outstanding debt. These and other
impacts of a downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

As of the filing of this Quarterly
Report, no changes in our credit ratings have occurred since September 30, 2016;
however, we cannot be assured that our credit ratings will not be downgraded in
the future.  

Book
capitalization and current ratio      .            Our net book
capitalization at September
30, 2016
was $8.7     billion, consisting of $1.2 billion
of cash and cash equivalents, debt of $  2.7 b  illion
and stockholders  equity of $  7.2   billion. Our ratio
of net debt to net book capitalization was 18   percent
and   31    percent   at September 30,
2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. Our ratio of current assets to current
liabilities was 3.00     to 1.0 at September 30,
2016
as compared to 2.20 to 1.0 at December 31, 2015. Both our ratio of net debt to
net book capitalization and our ratio of current assets to current liabilities
were impacted subsequent to September 30, 2016 by the Reliance Acquisition.  

Inflation and changes in prices.      Our revenues,
the value of our assets, and our ability to obtain bank financing or additional
capital on attractive terms have been and will continue to be affected by
changes in commodity prices and the costs to produce our reserves. Commodity
prices are subject to significant fluctuations that are beyond our ability to
control or predict. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received an
average of $37.75     per Bbl of oil and $1.97     per Mcf of natural gas before consideration of
commodity derivative contracts compared to $46.56     per
Bbl of oil and $2.59     per Mcf of natural gas in
the nine months ended September
30, 2015.
Although certain of our costs are affected by general inflation, inflation does
not normally have a significant effect on our business.   

53             

Critical
Accounting Policies, Practices and Estimates     

Our historical consolidated financial statements and related
condensed notes to consolidated financial statements contain information that
is pertinent to our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations. Preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
that our management make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. However, the accounting
principles used by us generally do not change our reported cash flows or
liquidity. Interpretation of the existing rules must be done and judgments made
on how the specifics of a given rule apply to us.   

In management s opinion, the more significant reporting
areas impacted by management s judgments and estimates are the choice of
accounting method for oil and natural gas activities, oil and natural gas
reserve estimation, asset retirement obligations, impairment of long-lived
assets, valuation of business combinations, valuation of nonmonetary exchanges,
valuation of financial derivative instruments, valuation of stock-based
compensation and income taxes. Management s judgments and estimates in these
areas are based on information available from both internal and external
sources, including engineers, geologists and historical experience in similar
matters. Actual results could differ from the estimates as additional
information becomes known.   

There have been no material changes in our critical
accounting policies and procedures during the     nine     months ended September 30,
2016. See our disclosure of critical accounting policies in  Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  and  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on February 25,
2016.   

Recent
accounting pronouncements.       In May
2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( the FASB ) issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606),  which outlines a new, single comprehensive model for
entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers
and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including
industry-specific guidance. This new revenue recognition model provides a
five-step analysis in determining when and how revenue is recognized. The new
model will require revenue recognition to depict the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration a company
expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.   

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of
the Effective Date,  which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one
year. That new standard is now effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017. An entity can apply ASU 2014-09 using either a full
retrospective method, meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods
presented, or a modified retrospective method, meaning the cumulative effect of
initially applying the standard is recognized in the most current period
presented in the financial statements. We are evaluating the impact that this
new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.       

In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  which supersedes current lease
guidance. The new lease standard requires all leases with a term greater than
one year to be recognized on the balance sheet while maintaining substantially
similar classifications for finance and operating leases. Lease expense
recognition on the income statement will be effectively unchanged. This guidance
is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and early
adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact that this new guidance will
have on our consolidated financial statements.   

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensations (Topic 718): Improvements
to Employee Share-based Payment Accounting,  which changes the accounting and
presentation for share-based payment arrangements in the following areas: (i)
recognition in the statement of operations of excess tax benefits and
deficiencies; (ii) cash flow presentation of excess tax benefits and
deficiencies; (iii) minimum statutory withholding thresholds and the
classification on the cash flow statement of the withheld amounts; and (iv) an
accounting policy election to recognize forfeitures as they occur. This
guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016
and early adoption is permitted. We do not plan on early adopting this
standard. Once adopted, we expect increased volatility in earnings and in the
effective tax rate due to the excess tax benefits and deficiencies being
recognized in the statement of operations.   

54             

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk     

The following market risk disclosures should be read in
conjunction with the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk
contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015.   

We are exposed to
a variety of market risks, including credit risk, commodity price risk and
interest rate risk. We address these risks through a program of risk management
which includes the use of derivative instruments. The following quantitative
and qualitative information is provided about financial instruments to which we
are a party at     September 30,
2016    , and from
which we may incur future gains or losses from changes in market interest rates
or commodity prices and losses from extension of credit. We do not enter into
derivative or other financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.   

Hypothetical changes in interest rates and
commodity prices chosen for the following estimated sensitivity analysis are
considered to be reasonably possible near-term changes generally based on
consideration of past fluctuations for each risk category. However, since it is
not possible to accurately predict future changes in interest rates and
commodity prices, these hypothetical changes may not necessarily be an
indicator of probable future fluctuations.   

Credit risk.                  We
monitor our risk of loss due to non-performance by counterparties of their
contractual obligations. Our principal exposure to credit risk is through the
sale of our oil and natural gas production, which we market to energy marketing
companies and refineries, and to a lesser extent, our derivative
counterparties. We monitor our exposure to these counterparties primarily by
reviewing credit ratings, financial statements and payment history. We extend
credit terms based on our evaluation of each counterparty s creditworthiness.
Although we have not generally required our counterparties to provide
collateral to support their obligations to us, we may, if circumstances
dictate, require collateral in the future. In this manner, we could reduce
credit risk.   

We have entered into International Swap Dealers Association
Master Agreements ( ISDA Agreements ) with each of our derivative
counterparties. The terms of the ISDA Agreements provide us and the counterparties
with rights of set-off upon the occurrence of defined acts of default by either
us or a counterparty to a derivative, whereby the party not in default may set
off all derivative liabilities owed to the defaulting party against all
derivative asset receivables from the defaulting party.          See Note 8 of the Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
for additional information regarding our derivative activities.   

Commodity price risk        .            We are exposed to market risk as the prices of our
commodities are subject to fluctuations resulting from changes in supply and
demand. To reduce our exposure to changes in the prices of our commodities, we
have entered into, and may in the future enter into, additional commodity price
risk management arrangements for a portion of our oil and natural gas
production. The agreements that we have entered into generally have the effect
of providing us with a fixed price for a portion of our expected future oil and
natural gas production over a fixed period of time. Our commodity price risk
management arrangements are recorded at fair value and thus changes to the
future commodity prices will have an impact on net income. The following table
sets forth the hypothetical impact on the fair value of the commodity price
risk management arrangements from an average increase and decrease in the
commodity price of $5.00 per Bbl of oil and $0.50 per MMBtu of natural gas from
the commodity prices at September 30, 2016:   

55             

At     September 30, 2016    , we had
(i) oil price swaps that settle on a monthly basis covering future oil
production from October 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018 and (ii) oil basis
swaps covering our Midland to Cushing basis differential from October 1,     2016     to December 31, 2017.
The average NYMEX oil price for the     nine     months ended     September 30, 2016     was
$41.45 per Bbl. At     November 7,
2016    ,     the
NYMEX oil price was $44.07 per Bbl.    

At     September 30, 2016  , we had natural gas price swaps that settle on a monthly
basis covering future natural gas production from     October 1    ,     2016     to
December 31,     2017    . The average NYMEX natural gas price for the     nine     months ended     September 30, 2016   was     $2.35     per
MMBtu. At     November 7, 2016    , the NYMEX natural gas price was     $2.77     per
MMBtu.   

A decrease in the average forward NYMEX oil and natural gas
prices below those at     September 30, 2016     would increase the fair value asset of our commodity
derivative contracts from their recorded balance at     September 30, 2016    .
Changes in the recorded fair value of our commodity derivative contracts are
marked to market through earnings as gains or losses. The potential
increase in our fair value asset would be recorded in earnings as a
gain. However, an increase in the average forward NYMEX oil and natural
gas prices above those at     September 30, 2016     would decrease the fair value asset of our commodity
derivative contracts from their recorded balance at     September 30, 2016    . The
potential decrease in our fair value asset would be recorded in earnings as a
loss. We are currently unable to estimate the effects on the earnings of future
periods resulting from changes in the market value of our commodity derivative
contracts.   

The fair value of our derivative instruments is determined
based on our valuation models. We did not change our valuation method for our
derivative instruments during the nine months ended     September 30, 2016    . The
following table reconciles the changes that occurred in the fair values of our
derivative instruments during the nine months ended     September 30, 2016    :   

Commodity Derivative   

Instruments   

(in thousands)   

Net Assets (Liabilities) (a)   

Fair value of contracts outstanding at December 31, 2015  

$  

819,536  

Changes in fair values (b)   

(175,666)  

Contract maturities   

(582,043)  

Fair value of contracts outstanding at September 30, 2016  

$  

61,827  

(a)  

Represents the fair values of open derivative contracts subject to
  market risk.  

(b)  

At inception, new derivative contracts entered into by us have no
  intrinsic value.  

See Note     8 of
the Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in  Item 1.
Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  for additional information
regarding our derivative instruments.   

Interest rate risk        .                  Our exposure to changes in interest rates
relates primarily to debt obligations. We manage our interest rate exposure by
limiting our variable-rate debt to a certain percentage of total capitalization
and by monitoring the effects of market changes in interest rates. To reduce
our exposure to changes in interest rates we may, in the future, enter into interest
rate risk management arrangements for a portion of our outstanding debt. The
agreements that we have entered into generally have the effect of providing us
with a fixed interest rate for a portion of our variable rate debt. We may
utilize interest rate derivatives to alter interest rate exposure in an attempt
to reduce interest rate expense related to existing debt issues. Interest rate
derivatives are used solely to modify interest rate exposure and not to modify
the overall leverage of the debt portfolio. We are exposed to changes in
interest rates as a result of our credit facility, and the terms of our credit
facility require us to pay higher interest rate margins as we utilize a larger
percentage of our borrowing base.    

We had no indebtedness outstanding under our credit
facility at     September 30, 2016    .    

56             

Item 4. Controls and Procedures     

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures        .       As required by
Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the
period covered by this Quarterly Report. Our disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to
be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and
forms of the SEC. Based upon the evaluation, our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at     September 30,
2016     at the reasonable assurance level.   

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting        .       There have been
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our last fiscal quarter
that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our
internal control over financial reporting.   

57             

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. 
Legal Proceedings     

We are a party to proceedings and claims incidental to our
business. While many of these other matters involve inherent uncertainty, we
believe that the liability, if any, ultimately incurred with respect to such
other proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated financial position as a whole or on our liquidity, capital
resources or future results of operations. We will continue to evaluate
proceedings and claims involving us on a regular basis and will establish and
adjust any reserves as appropriate to reflect our assessment of the then
current status of the matters.   

Item 1A. 
Risk Factors     

In addition to the risk factor set forth below and other
information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider
the risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, under the headings  Item 1. Business   Competition,    
Marketing Arrangements  and    Applicable Laws and Regulations,   Item 1A. Risk
Factors,   Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  and  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk,  and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the three month period ended June 30, 2016, under the heading  Item 1A. Risk
Factors,  which risks could materially affect our business, financial condition
or future results. There have been no material changes in our risk factors from
those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three month period ended
June 30, 2016, other than the risk factor set forth below. The risks described
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in
our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three month period ended June 30,
2016, are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future
results.   

Risks Related to Our Business     

Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards or other
tax attributes could be limited.     

We anticipate that our assets and operations
could generate a net operating loss ( NOL ) in 2016. Utilization of this NOL
depends on many factors, including our ability to generate future taxable
income, which cannot be assured. In addition, Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Section 382 ), generally imposes an annual
limitation on the amount of NOLs that may be used to offset taxable income when
a corporation has undergone an  ownership change  (as determined under Section
382). An ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders (or
groups of stockholders) who are each deemed to own at least five percent of our
stock change their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their
lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. In the event
that an ownership change has occurred, or were to occur, utilization of our
NOLs would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382, determined by
multiplying the value of our equity at the time of the ownership change by the
applicable long-term tax-exempt rate as defined in Section 382, and potentially
increased for certain gains recognized within five years after the ownership
change if we have a net built-in gain in our assets at the time of the
ownership change. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to later
years. We cannot assure you that we have not undergone an ownership change as a
result of our recent equity offerings or our issuance of shares in connection
with the Reliance Acquisition, which would result in an annual limitation under
Section 382. However, even if we did have an ownership change, we do not
believe that such limitation would prevent our utilization of our anticipated
2016 NOL or any other tax attribute prior to their expiration. Future ownership
changes or future regulatory changes could limit our ability to utilize our
NOLs. To the extent we are not able to offset our future income with our NOLs,
this would adversely affect our operating results and cash flows if we attain
profitability.   

58             

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds     

59             

Item 6.  Exhibits     

Exhibit  
     Number   

Exhibit  

3.1  

Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to
  the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on August 8, 2007, and
  incorporated herein by reference).  

3.2  

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Concho Resources Inc., as
  amended November 7, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current
  Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.1  

Specimen Common Stock Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the
  Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K on February 22, 2013, and
  incorporated herein by reference).  

10.1  

Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated August 15, 2016, by and among
  COG Operating LLC, as purchaser, Concho Resources Inc., as purchaser parent,
  and Reliance Energy, Inc., Reliance Exploration, Ltd., Reliance Energy-WA,
  LLC, Reliance Energy-GF, LLC and the other persons named as sellers therein,
  as sellers (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
  on August 16, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).  

31.1  

(a)  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2  

(a)  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1  

(b)  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2  

(b)  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS  

(a)  

XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH  

(a)  

XBRL Schema Document.  

101.CAL  

(a)  

XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF  

(a)  

XBRL
  Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB  

(a)  

XBRL
  Labels Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE  

(a)  

XBRL
  Presentation Linkbase Document.  

(a) 
Filed herewith.  

(b)  Furnished herewith.  

60             

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.   

CONCHO RESOURCES INC.   

Date:  

November 9, 2016  

By  

/s/  Timothy A. Leach            

Timothy A. Leach  

Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive   

Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

By  

/s/  Jack F. Harper  

Jack F. Harper  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

By  

/s/  Brenda R. Schroer  

Brenda R. Schroer  

Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

61             

EXHIBIT INDEX    

Exhibit  
     Number   

Exhibit  

3.1  

Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to
  the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on August 8, 2007, and
  incorporated herein by reference).  

3.2  

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Concho Resources Inc., as
  amended November 7, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current
  Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.1  

Specimen Common Stock Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the
  Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K on February 22, 2013, and
  incorporated herein by reference).  

10.1  

Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated August 15, 2016, by and among
  COG Operating LLC, as purchaser, Concho Resources Inc., as purchaser parent,
  and Reliance Energy, Inc., Reliance Exploration, Ltd., Reliance Energy-WA,
  LLC, Reliance Energy-GF, LLC and the other persons named as sellers therein,
  as sellers (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
  on August 16, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).  

31.1  

(a)  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2  

(a)  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1  

(b)  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2  

(b)  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS  

(a)  

XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH  

(a)  

XBRL Schema Document.  

101.CAL  

(a)  

XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF  

(a)  

XBRL
  Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB  

(a)  

XBRL
  Labels Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE  

(a)  

XBRL
  Presentation Linkbase Document.  

(a) 
Filed herewith.  

(b)  Furnished herewith.  

<EX-31>
 2
 cxo_3Q16_exhibit_31_1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I,
Timothy A. Leach, certify that:  

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report of Concho Resources Inc. (the
 registrant   

  2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

  3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report;  

  4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:  

(a)         Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

  (b)         Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;  

  (c)         Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and  

  (d)         Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)      
  All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and  

  (b)      
  Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reportin          g.  

Date:  

November 9, 2016  

/s/  Timothy A.
  Leach            

Timothy A. Leach  

Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive
  Officer  

and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 cxo_3Q16_exhibit_31_2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I,
Jack F. Harper, certify that:  

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report of Concho Resources Inc. (the
 registrant   

  2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

  3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report;  

  4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:  

(a)         Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

  (b)         Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;  

  (c)         Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and  

  (d)         Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)         All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and  

  (b)         Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.            

Date:  

November 9, 2016  

/s/  Jack F. Harper  

Jack F. Harper  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 cxo_3Q16_exhibit_32_1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1   

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
of Concho Resources Inc.   

   (Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   

In
connection with the quarterly report of Concho Resources Inc. (the  Company ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), Timothy A. Leach, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge:  

(1)         the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

(2)         the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:  

November 9, 2016  

/s/  Timothy A.
  Leach            

Timothy A. Leach  

Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive
  Officer  

and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 cxo_3Q16_exhibit_32_2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2   

Certification of Chief Financial Officer
of Concho Resources Inc.   

   (Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   

In
connection with the quarterly report of Concho Resources Inc. (the  Company ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), Jack F. Harper, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge:  

(1)         the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

(2)         the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:  

November 9, 2016  

/s/  Jack F. Harper  

Jack F. Harper  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cxo-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cxo-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cxo-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cxo-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cxo-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cxo-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

