<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1419582_0001387131-16-008122_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1577496</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76470</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>127490</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>298515</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>568959</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>462979</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>11</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-008122.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121173119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-008122
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLUE SPHERE CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001419582
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				980550257
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55127
		FILM NUMBER:		162011232

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 MCCULLOUGH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28262
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-909-2806

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 MCCULLOUGH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28262

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Blue Sphere Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Jin Jie Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-008122.txt : 20161121

10-Q/A
 1
 blsp-10qa_123115.htm
 AMENDMENT TO QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES   

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington,
D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q/A  

(Amendment No. 2)  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT  

For the transition period from  October
1, 2015  to  December 31, 2015  

Commission File No.   000-55127   

Blue
    Sphere Corporation    
 
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada  
      98-0550257   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
     (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.)  

301 McCullough Drive, 4th Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28262   
 
     (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)  

704-909-2806   
 
     (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Former Fiscal Year: September 30   
 
     (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes     
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes     
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

 Yes    
 No     

State the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common equity as of the latest practicable date: As of February 19 ,
2016, there were 182,857,675 sh ares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
       
     1  
 
      ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
       
     1  
 
      ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
       
     14  
 
      ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
       
     17  
 
      ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
       
     17  
 
      PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
       
     18  
 
      ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
       
     18  
 
      ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  
       
     18  
 
      ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
       
     18  
 
      ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
       
     18  
 
      ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
       
     18  
 
      ITEM 5.  OTHER INFORMATION  
       
     18  
 
      ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS  
       
     19  
 
      SIGNATURES  
       
     21  

Our unaudited financial statements are
stated in United States dollars (U.S. $) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
( GAAP ). In this transition report on Form 10-Q (this  Transition Report ), unless otherwise specified,
all dollar amounts are expressed in United States Dollars. 

As used in this Transition Report, the
terms  we ,  us ,  our ,  Blue Sphere  or the  Company  mean Blue Sphere
Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 

EXPLANATORY NOTES  

Explanatory Note 1  

On May 18, 2015, Blue Sphere
filed a Current Report on Form 8-K reporting that it had entered into an agreement to acquire one hundred percent (100%) of the
share capital of four entities, Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l. (collectively, the  SPVs ),
that own and operate anaerobic digestion biogas plants for the production of electricity located in Italy (the  May Form
8-K ). The closing of the acquisition of the SPVs was subject to certain conditions precedent, as more fully described in
the May Form 8-K, but which included obtaining consent from the acquired parties  creditor to the acquisition and the resulting
change of control, and securing a mezzanine loan facility. Upon attainment of the conditions precedent, the Company closed the
acquisition of the SPVs on December 14, 2015 and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K on December 17, 2015 reporting that it had
consummated the acquisition of the SPVs.  

On February 22, 2016, Blue
Sphere filed a transition report on Form 10-Q for the transition period from October 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 (the  Transition
Report ). As explained in the Transition Report, the interim financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Transition
Report were not reviewed by an independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with Statement of Auditing Standards
No. 100 ( SAS 100 ), as required by Rule 10-01(d) of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934. On May 23, 2016 the Company filed Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A to (i) file interim financial statements for the
transition period from October 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 that have been reviewed in accordance with SAS 100 as required by
Rule 10-01(d) and (ii) amend and restate Item 2 of Part 1,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations , of the Transition Report based on the interim financial statements. In addition, the Company
has updated the  Explanatory Notes,  the signature page, the certifications of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer in Exhibits 31.1 and 32.1 and Exhibits 31.2 and 32.2, respectively, and the Company s financial statements
formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) in Exhibits 101. As explained in the Transitional Quarterly Report
as amended, the interim financial statements and notes contained in the Amended Transitional Quarterly Report, the Company accounted
for the acquisition of the SPVs using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, the Company allocated the purchase
price to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition,
with the excess of the purchase price amount being allocated to goodwill.  

The Company is filing
this Amendment No. 2 (this  amendment ) on Form 10-Q/A to (i) file interim financial statements for the transition
period from October 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 to reflect the restatement of its consolidated financial statements for the transition
period from October 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 due to the application of the equity method of accounting for the investments
in Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l. (each, an  SPV  and collectively, the  SPVs ).
The Company applied the equity method because the Framework EBITDA Guarantee Agreement between the SPVs and Austep S.p.A. ( Austep ),
whereby Austep operates, maintains and supervises each biogas plant, prevents the Company from exercising a controlling influence
over operating policies of the plants. Under this method, our equity investment is reflected as an investment in non-consolidated
subsidiaries on our Condensed Balance Sheets and the net earnings or losses of the investments is reflected as equity in net earnings
of non-consolidated companies on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company believes that, while the financial statements
reflect substantial modifications, the revenues and expenses previously reported are now reflected in a line item for the Company s
non-consolidated wholly-owned subsidiaries and the modifications result in no impact to the Company's operational results. Therefore
the modifications are substantially a matter of presentation.  

  In addition, this
amendment includes modifications (i) to reclassify the proceeds from an offering which were previously recorded as current liability
as proceeds on account of shares in Shareholders Deficiency, (ii)  to reflect the effects of accounting and reporting errors
in calculation of Share based compensation, shares for services and other expense, and (iii)  to
amend our disclosure in Part I, Item 4  Controls and Procedures,  of the Original Report to change the conclusions
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the transitional fiscal quarter ended December  31, 2015 in light of management s conclusion
that the Company s internal control over financial reporting contained a material weakness at December 31, 2015 which
will be remediated by the end of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016.  These accounting and reporting errors and
the related adjustments resulted in an overstatement of net loss of $9 thousand for the transition period from October 1, 2015
to December 31, 2015 and an understatement of proceeds on account of shares of $145 thousand, an understatement of additional
paid-in capital of $49 thousand and understatement of accumulated deficit of $9 thousand as of December 31,2015.  

Except as described above,
this Amendment No. 2 on Form 10-Q/A does not amend any other information set forth in the Transition Report. However, for the
convenience of the reader, this Amendment No. 2 on Form 10-Q/A restates in its entirety, as amended, the Transition Report. This
Amendment No. 2 on Form 10-Q/A is presented as of the filing date of the Transition Report and does not reflect events occurring
after that date, or modify or update information in the Transition Report, except as described above.  

This Amendment No. 2 on Form 10-Q/A
is being filed concurrently with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, Amendment No. 2 on Form 10-Q/A for the there -month period ended March 31, 2016 and Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A for
the there -month period ended June 30, 2016.  

Explanatory Note 2  

On January 24, 2016, the Board of Directors of Blue Sphere approved
a change to the Company s fiscal year end from September 30 to December 31. The registrant previously reported its change
in fiscal year end on a Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 26, 2016. As a result of this change, this Transition Report
includes financial information for the three month transition period from October 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015. Prior to this Transition
Report, the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K cover the fiscal year from October 1 to September 30.  

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2015 

1   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2015 

IN U.S. DOLLARS 

UNAUDITED 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

2   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(U.S. dollars in thousands except share
and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

3   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

(U.S. dollars in thousands except share
and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

4   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  DEFICIENCY  

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except share
and per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

5   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS  

(U.S. dollars in thousands) 

6   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE
1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION:  

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited annual consolidated financial
statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary
to present fairly the financial position and results of operations of Blue Sphere Corporation (the  Company ).
These condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto are unaudited and should be read in conjunction with the Company s
audited financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015, as filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The results of operations for the three months ended December 31, 2015 are not necessarily
indicative of results that could be expected for the entire fiscal year. 

NOTE
2   GENERAL  

Blue Sphere Corporation
( the Company ), together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Eastern Sphere Ltd. ( Eastern ), Binosphere
Inc ( Binosphere ), Johnstonsphere LLC ( Johnstonsphere ), and Sustainable Energy Ltd. ( SEL ),
is focused on project integration in the clean energy production and waste to energy markets. 

The Company was incorporated
in the state of Nevada on July 17, 2007 and was originally in the business of developing and promoting automotive internet sites.
On February 17, 2010, the Company conducted a reverse merger, name change and forward split of its common stock, and in March 2010
current management took over operations, at which point the Company changed its business focus to become a project integrator in
the clean energy production and waste to energy markets. 

As of December 31, 2015, Johnstonsphere
had not commenced operations. 

On May 12, 2015 the Company
formed Bluesphere Pavia (formerly called Bluesphere Italy S.r.l.). Italy S.r.l, a subsidiary of Eastern in order to acquire certain
biogas plants located in Italy (see note 3 below). 

The Company is currently focusing
on (i) 10 projects related to the construction, acquisition or development of biogas facilities and (ii) a recently licensed fast
charging battery technology. 

7   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE
3   INVESTMENT IN BLUE SPHERE PAVIA  

On December 14, 2015 ( Closing
Date ), and pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 14, 2015 ( the  Share Purchase Agreement ), by
and among the Company s indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Bluesphere Pavia, and Volteo Energie S.p.A., Agriholding S.r.l.,
and Overland S.r.l. (collectively, the  Sellers ), Bluesphere Pavia completed the acquisitions of one hundred percent
(100%) of the share capital of Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l . (each, an  SPV 
and collectively, the  SPVs ) from the Sellers. Each SPV owns and operates an anaerobic digestion biogas plant in
Italy for the production and sale of electricity to Gestore del Servizi Energetici GSE, S.p.A., a state-owned company, pursuant
to a power purchase agreement. Pursuant to the Italy Projects Agreement, the Company also issued a corporate guarantee to the
Sellers, whereby the Company will secure the obligations of Bluesphere Pavia under the Italy Projects Agreement.  

Pursuant to the Share Purchase
Agreement, the Company to pay $5,646,628 ( 5,200,000) (the  Purchase Price ), subject to certain post-closing
adjustments, to acquire the share capital of the SPVs. The Purchase Price for each SPV was determined based on a Base Line EBITDA
guaranteed by the Sellers and an Equity IRR Target calculated on the Purchase Price of no less than twenty-five percent (25%).
Fifty percent (50%) of the Purchase Price, adjusted for certain post-closing adjustments and closing costs, in the amount of $2,143,181
( 1,952,858) was paid at closing, and the balance is due to the Sellers on the third anniversary of the closing date. The
remaining fifty percent (50%) of the Purchase Price, prior to and after closing date, and any variation of EBITDA results in the
18 months following the closing date, will be promised by a note from each Seller, to be paid on the third anniversary of the
closing, along with interest on the unpaid balance due at an annual rate of two percent (2%).  

On August 18, 2015, the
Company and two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Eastern and Bluesphere Pavia, entered into a Long Term Mezzanine Loan Agreement
(the  Helios Loan Agreement ) with Helios Italy Bio-Gas 1 L.P. ( Helios ). Under the Helios Loan Agreement,
Helios will make up to $5,646,628 ( 5,000,000) available to Bluesphere Pavia (the  Helios Loan ) to finance (a)
ninety percent (90%) of the total required investment of the first four SVPs acquired, (b) eighty percent (80%) of the total required
investment of up to three SVPs subsequently acquired, (c) certain broker fees incurred in connection with the acquisitions, and
(d) any taxes associated with registration of an equity pledge agreement (as described below). Each financing of an SVP acquisition
will be subject to specified conditions precedent and will constitute a separate loan under the Helios Loan Agreement. Helios
may, within 90 days of a closing, require repayment of ten percent (10%) of the relevant loan and broker fees. If no such repayment
is required, Helios may reduce the amount of its commitment to finance the acquisitions of the three additional SVPs to seventy
to eighty percent (70-80%) of the total required investment. Helios s commitment to provide any loan under the Helios Loan
Agreement that is not utilized by June 30, 2016 will automatically cancel, unless extended in writing by Helios.  

8   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE
3   INVESTMENT IN BLUE SPHERE PAVIA  

Subject to specified terms,
representations and warranties, the Helios Loan Agreement provides that each loan thereunder will accrue interest at a rate of
14.5% per annum, paid quarterly. Helios will also be entitled to an annual operation fee, paid quarterly. The final payment for
each loan will become due no later than the earlier of (a) thirteen and one half years from the date such loan was made available
to Bluesphere Italy, and (b) the date that the Feed in Tariff license granted to the relevant SVP expires. Pursuant to the Helios
Loan Agreement and an equity pledge agreement, Eastern Sphere pledged all its shares in Bluesphere Pavia to secure all loan amounts
utilized under the Helios Loan Agreement. 

The Company also entered into
a no-interest bearing promissory note, dated December 8, 2015 (the  Palas Promissory Note ), with R.S. Palas Management
Ltd. to finance a small portion of the Purchase Price. The Palas Promissory Note is for an amount of $129,146 ( 118,000) and
is due and payable, without interest or premium, on December 31, 2015. The payee under the Palas Promissory Note, R.S. Palas Management
Ltd., is an entity owned and controlled by Shlomi Palas, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and a member
of its Board of Directors. 

In accordance with a Framework
EBITDA Guarantee Agreement, dated July 17, 2015 (the  EBITDA Agreement ), between the Company and Austep S.p.A. ( Austep ),
Austep will operate, maintain and supervise each biogas plant owned by the SPVs. In addition, Austep will guarantee a monthly
aggregate EBITDA of $204,147 ( 188,000) from the four SPVs for the initial six months following the acquisition, and thereafter
Austep will guarantee an annual aggregate EBITDA of $4,082,946 ( 3,760,000) from the four SPVs. Pursuant to the terms of
the agreements with Austep, the Company will receive the guaranteed levels of EBITDA and Austep will receive 90% of the revenue
more than these levels.  

The Company applied the
equity method of accounting for those investments because the Framework EBITDA Guarantee Agreement between the Company and Austep whereas Austep operates, maintains and supervises each biogas plants prevents us from exercising
a controlling influence over operating policies of the plants. Under this method, our equity investment is reflected as an investment
in non-consolidated subsidiaries on our Condensed Balance Sheets and the net earnings or losses of the investments is reflected
as equity in net earnings of non-consolidated companies on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

9   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE
4   INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The accompanying unaudited interim
consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and for the three months then ended, have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States relating to the preparation of financial statements for interim
periods. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required for annual financial statements. In the opinion
of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been
included. Operating results for the three months ended December 31, 2015 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may
be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

The September 30, 2015 Condensed
Balance Sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015. 

NOTE 5   SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

The significant accounting policies
applied in the annual financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2015, are applied consistently in these financial
statements except for the following: 

a.   
       Business combinations and Goodwill     
 
 The Company accounts
for its business combinations using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, the Company allocates the purchase price
to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition,
with the excess of the purchase price amount being allocated to goodwill. 

Acquisition-related and integration
costs associated to the business combination are expensed as incurred. Changes in estimates associated with future income tax assets
after measurement period are recognized as income tax expense with prospective application to all business combinations regardless
of the date of acquisition. 

Goodwill for each reporting
unit is assessed for impairment at least annually, or when an event or circumstance occurs that more likely than not reduces the
fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recorded when the carrying amount of the reporting
unit exceeds its fair value and is determined as the difference between the goodwill s carrying amount and its implied fair value. 

b.      Investment in non-consolidated and affiliated companies   

Investments
in non-consolidated and affiliated companies that are not controlled but over which the Company can exercise significant influence
(generally, entities in which the Company holds approximately between 20% to 100% of the voting rights of the investee) are presented
using the equity method of accounting. Profits on intercompany sales, not realized outside the Company, are eliminated. The Company
discontinues applying the equity method when its investment (including advances and loans) is reduced to zero and the Company
has not guaranteed obligations of the affiliate or otherwise committed to provide further financial support to the affiliate.  

Investments
in preferred shares, which are not in substance common stock, are recorded on a cost basis according to ASC 323-10-15-13,  Investments
- Equity Method and Joint Ventures - In-substance Common Stock  and ASC 323-10-40-1,  Investment -Equity Method and
Joint Ventures - Investee Capital Transactions .  

A
change in the Company s proportionate share of an investee s equity, resulting from issuance of common or in-substance
common shares by the investee to third parties, is recorded as a gain or loss in the consolidated income statements in accordance
with ASC 323-10-40-1.  

Investments
in non-marketable equity securities of entities in which the Company does not have control or the ability to exercise significant
influence over their operation and financial policies, are recorded at cost (generally when the Company holds less than 20% of
the voting rights).  

Management
evaluates investments in affiliated companies, partnerships and other non-marketable equity securities for evidence of other-than-temporary
declines in value. Such evaluation is dependent on the specific facts and circumstances. Accordingly, in determining whether other-than-temporary
declines exist, management evaluates various indicators for other-than-temporary declines and evaluates financial information
(e.g. budgets, business plans, financial statements, etc.). During 2015 and 2014, no material impairment was recognized.  

c.   
       Intangible Assets    

Intangible assets consist of
non-monetary and separately identifiable assets, which can be controlled and are expected to generate future economic benefits.
Such assets are recognized at acquisition and/or production cost, including directly attributable expenses to make the asset ready
for use, net of accumulated amortization charges and any impairment losses.  

The costs incurred internally
to develop new services and platforms are considered intangible assets generated internally and are recognized as assets only
if the following requirements are met:  

1.   
       the cost incurred for the development of
    the assets can be reliably measured;    

10   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE 5   SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continue)  

2.   
       the entity has the intention, the availability
    of financial resources, the ability to complete the assets and to use or sell them;    

Capitalized development costs
include only expenses incurred that can be directly attributed to the process of developing new products and services.  

Intangible assets with a finite
useful life are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives and are tested for impairment when circumstances indicate
that the carrying value may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for intangible assets with a finite
useful lives are reviewed at least at each reporting date.    

Changes in expected useful lives,
or in the way the future economic benefits will be generated by the assets, are either recognized through a change in the period
or in the amortization method and are accounted for as changes in accounting estimates. The amortization charges for intangible
assets with a finite useful life are classified in the statement of income, in the costs appropriate for the function of the related
intangible assets.  

d.   
       Long-Lived Assets    
 
 When events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets, such as capital assets and intangible assets, may not be recoverable, undiscounted
estimated cash flows are projected over their remaining term and compared to the carrying amount. To the extent that such projections
indicate that future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying amounts of related assets, a charge is
recorded to reduce the carrying amount to the projected future discounted cash flows. 

NOTE 6   GOING CONCERN  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As of
December 31, 2015, the Company had approximately $1,888 thousand in cash and cash equivalents, approximately $7,879 thousand
in negative working capital, a stockholders  deficit of approximately $3,486 thousand and an accumulated deficit of
approximately $44,692 thousand. Management anticipates their business will require substantial additional investments that
have not yet been secured. The Company anticipates that the existing cash will not be sufficient to continue its operations
through the next 12 months. Management is continuing in the process of fund raising in the private equity markets as the
Company will need to finance future activities and general and administrative expenses. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Company s ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions and revenue from operations.  

These financial statements do
not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s
continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to obtain additional financing as may be required and ultimately to
attain profitability. 

NOTE 7   NEWLY ISSUED
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS:  

No new accounting standards
have been adopted since the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 was filed. 

NOTE
8   COMMON SHARES:  

On October 21, 2015 the
Company issued 10,114,848 shares of common stock of the Company for the aggregate purchase price of $214,527. Such issuance was
made pursuant to the April 15, 2015, Subscription Agreement with Dr. Borenstein Ltd. (the  April Borenstein Subscription
Agreement ).  

On October 12, 2015, the
Company issued 375,000 shares of common stock to a consultant in respect of its general advisory services and strategic planning
consulting agreement with the Company. The Company has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $22,586.  

On October 26, 2015, the
Company issued 690,000 shares of common stock to a consultant in respect of his consulting agreements with the Company. The Company
has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $25,803.  

On December 2, 2015, the
Company issued 625,000 shares of common stock to a consultant in respect of his consulting agreements with the Company. The Company
has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $43,411.  

On December 2, 2015,
the Company issued 745,000 shares of common stock to a consultant in respect of his consulting agreements with the Company. The
Company has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $16,544.   

In July 2015, the Company
conducted a private placement of up to $250,000 of the company s common stock at $0.0176 per share to certain accredited
investors (the  July 2015 Offering ). On December 2, 2015, the Company closed on the July Offering, resulting in gross
proceeds to the Company of $225,526, and agreed to issue 21,588,871 shares of our common stock at $0.0104 per share (the  July
2015 Shares ), pursuant to certain subscription agreements (the  July Offering Subscription Agreements ). All
investors in the July Offering were part of group led by a member of our Board of Directors, and one of the investors included
a company in which he is the chief executive officer, but has no equity interest. The proceeds to the Company of the July Offering
were received in December 2015, and were used to finance a portion of the closing of the acquisitions of the purchase of the SPVs
by Blueshpere Pavia.  

11   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE 9   DEBENTURES
AND NOTES:  

Senior
Debentures    offering  

Beginning in November 2015,
the Company conducted an offering (the  Offering ) of up to $3,000,000 of the Company s Senior Debentures (the
 Debentures ) and Warrants (the  Warrants , together with the  Debentures , the  Securities )
to purchase up to 8,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, in proportion pro rata to each Subscriber s
subscription amount relative to the total Offering amount, with 50% of the shares exercisable at a price per share of $0.05 and
the other 50% of the shares exercisable at price per share of $0.075. 

The Debentures bear interest
at 11%, paid quarterly, and mature in two years. The Debentures are secured by a pledge agreement between the Company and each
investor, whereby the Company pledged as collateral up to 49% of its shares of common stock in Eastern Sphere, Ltd., our wholly-owned
subsidiary (the  Pledge Agreement ). The Pledge Agreement further provides that the Company s obligations under
the Debentures rank senior to all other indebtedness of Blue Sphere Corporation, but are subordinate to all indebtedness and liabilities
of its subsidiaries and project-level operating entities. The Warrants are exercisable for 5 years from the date of issuance, with
50% exercisable at $0.05 per share and 50% exercisable at $0.075 per share 

The warrants were accounted
for as derivative liabilities. The Company has estimated the fair value of such warrants at a value of $208,597 at the date of
issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

The Securities were offered
pursuant to subscription agreements with each investor (the  Subscription Agreement ). Pursuant to the Subscription
Agreements, the investors in the Offering shall have the right to collectively designate one observer or member to the Company s
Board of Directors. 

On December 23, 2015, the Company
completed the closing of the Offering and entered into Subscription Agreements with investors representing aggregate gross proceeds
to the Company of $3,000,000. 

The Company engaged Maxim Group
LLC ( Maxim ) to assist in the Offering. Pursuant to the terms of an engagement letter between Maxim and the Company,
Maxim received commissions equal to 7% of the gross proceeds raised by Maxim in the Offering, as well as common stock purchase
warrants for a number of securities equal to 8% of the total amount of securities sold in the Offering, at a price per share equal
to 110% of the price of the securities paid by investors in the Offering. Based on the agreement the Company granted Maxim 4,480,000
warrants at an average exercise price of $ 0.06875. 

12   

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE 10   SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS:  

On January 26, 2016 the
Company issued 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company to a consultant in consideration of $20,000 for financial consulting
services.  

In February 2016, the Company
conducted an offering (the  Offering ) consisting of (a) up to USD $1,925,000 of the Company s shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share ( Common Stock ), priced at the closing price for shares of Common Stock, as reported
on the OTCQB Venture Marketplace, on the trading day prior to the closing of the Offering, and (b) 5-year warrants to purchase
shares of Common Stock in an amount equal to 50% of the number of shares of Common Stock so purchased by the subscriber (the  Warrants ,
together with the shares of Common Stock subscribed for, the  Securities ). 

The Securities have been offered
pursuant to subscription agreements with each investor (the  Subscription Agreement ). In addition to other customary
provisions, each Subscription Agreement provides that the Company will use its reasonable commercial efforts to register all shares
of Common Stock sold in the Offering, including all shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, within 60 days of the closing
of the Offering. The Warrants are exercisable for 5 years from the date of issuance at $0.10 per share, include an option by which
the holder may exercise the Warrant by means of a cashless exercise, and include customary weighted-average price adjustment and
anti-dilution terms. 

On February 15, 2016, the Company
completed the only closing of the Offering, representing aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of USD $1,925,000. In connection
with the closing, the Company and subscribers entered into (a) Subscription Agreements for, in the aggregate, 35,000,000 shares
of Common Stock at $0.055 per share, and (b) Warrants to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 17,500,000 shares of Common Stock at
an exercise price of $0.10 per share. 

The Company engaged Maxim Group
LLC ( Maxim ) to assist in the Offering. Pursuant to the terms of an engagement letter between Maxim and the Company,
Maxim received commissions equal to 7% of the gross proceeds raised by Maxim in the Offering, as well as common stock purchase
warrants for a number of securities equal to 8% of the total amount of securities sold in the Offering, at a price per share equal
to 110% of the price of the securities paid by investors in the Offering. 

13   

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.   

You should read the following discussion
and analysis in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Part
I, Item 1 of this Transition Report. 

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This report contains forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you
can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,
 plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential 
or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks set out below, any of which may cause
our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks include, without limitation, (i) uncertainties regarding our ability to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis including
financing for specific projects, (ii) the financial and operating performance of our projects, (iii) uncertainties regarding the
market for and value of carbon credits, renewable energy credits and other environmental attributes, (iv) political and governmental
risks associated with the countries in which we may operate, (v) unanticipated delays associated with project implementation including
designing, constructing and equipping projects, as well as delays in obtaining required government permits and approvals, (vi)
the development stage of our business and (vii) our lack of operating history. 

This list is not an exhaustive list of
the factors that may affect an of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully and readers
should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements are made based
on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update
forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that
the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not
intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Company Overview  

Summary of Current Operations   

We are an international Build, Own  
Operate company (BOO) active around the world in the clean energy production and organics to energy markets. We aspire to become
a key player in these global markets, working with enterprises with clean energy, organics to energy and related by-product potential
to generate clean energy, soil amendments, compost and other by-products. We believe that these markets have tremendous potential
insofar as there is a virtually endless supply of waste and organic material that can be used to generate power and valuable by-products.
Not only is there a virtually endless supply of waste and organic material, but in most, if not all, cases, disposing of such waste
and material in most parts of the world today is a costly problem with an environmentally-damaging solution, such as landfilling.
We seek to offer a cost-effective, environmentally-safe alternative. 

We are currently focusing on (i) 10 projects
related to the construction, acquisition or development of biogas facilities, for which we have signed definitive agreements, letters
of intent or memoranda of understanding to own and implement such projects, as well as pipeline of similar projects in a less mature
phase, and (ii) our fast charging battery technology. 

We are evaluating, developing or operating,
as applicable, the following projects: 

United States  

Charlotte, NC Waste to Energy Anaerobic Digester 5.2 MW Plant  

Johnston, RI Waste to Energy Anaerobic Digester 3.2 MW Plant  

Italy  

Soc. agr. AGRICERERE srl   Tromello (Pavia) 999 KW Plant  

Soc. agr. AGRIELEKTRA srl   Alagna (Pavia) 999 KW Plant  

Soc. agr. AGRISORSE srl - Girls (Pavia) 999 KW Plant  

Soc. agr. GEFA srl   Dorno (Pavia) 999 KW Plant  

Soc. agr. SAMMARTEIN srl   San Martino in Rio (Reggio Emilia) 999 KW Plant  

Soc. agr. ER srl   Aprilia (Latina) 999 KW Plant  

Soc. agr. BIOENERGIE SRL   Aprilia (Latina) 999 KW Plant   

14   

Israel  

Ramat Chovav Waste to Energy Anaerobic Digester 5.0 MW Plant  

Results of Operations   For the
Three Months Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to the Three Months Ended December 31, 2014  

General   

On
December 14, 2015, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bluesphere Pavia completed the acquisitions of one hundred percent (100%) of
the share capital of Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l . (each, an  SPV  and
collectively, the  SPVs ). Each SPV owns and operates an anaerobic digestion biogas plant in Italy for the
production and sale of electricity to Gestore del Servizi Energetici GSE, S.p.A., a state-owned company, pursuant to a power
purchase agreement. Our results of operation and have been significantly affected by this transaction. The Company applied
the equity method of accounting for those investments because the Framework EBITDA Guarantee Agreement between the Company
and Austep whereas Austep operates, maintains and supervises each biogas plants prevents us from exercising a controlling
influence over operating policies of the plants. Under this method, our equity investment is reflected as an investment in
non-consolidated subsidiaries on our Condensed Balance Sheets and the net earnings or losses of the investments is reflected
as equity in net earnings of non-consolidated companies on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.    

Deferred Revenue   

$1,481,900 
of development fees and reimbursements for the North Carolina and Rhode Island projects are recorded as deferred revenue. Upon
successful completion of the projects, this amount will be recorded as revenue. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative expenses
for the three-month period ended December 31, 2015 were $1,106,000 as compared to $827,000 for the three-month period ended December
31, 2014.  

Net Loss   

We incurred a net loss of $1,288,000
for the three-month period ended December 31, 2015, as compared to a net loss of $1,314,000 for the three-month period ended December
31, 2014.  

Inflation and Seasonality  

In management s opinion, our results
of operations have not been materially affected by inflation or seasonality, and management does not expect that inflation risk
or seasonality would cause material impact on our operations in the future. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make assumptions, estimates
and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures
of commitments and contingencies, if any. We consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require the more significant
judgments and estimates in the preparation of financial statements. No new accounting standards have been adopted since the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 was filed. The significant accounting policies applied
in the annual financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2015 are applied consistently in these financial statements
except, for the following: 

a.   
       Business combinations and Goodwill    
 
 The Company accounts for its
business combinations using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, the Company allocates the purchase price to tangible
and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition, with the excess
of the purchase price amount being allocated to goodwill.  

15   

Acquisition-related and integration
costs associated to the business combination are expensed as incurred. Changes in estimates associated with future income tax assets
after measurement period are recognized as income tax expense with prospective application to all business combinations regardless
of the date of acquisition. 

Goodwill for each reporting
unit is assessed for impairment at least annually, or when an event or circumstance occurs that more likely than not reduces the
fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recorded when the carrying amount of the reporting
unit exceeds its fair value and is determined as the difference between the goodwill s carrying amount and its implied fair value. 

b.      Investment in non-consolidated and affiliated companies   

Investments in non-consolidated
and affiliated companies that are not controlled but over which the Company can exercise significant influence (generally, entities
in which the Company holds approximately between 20% to 100% of the voting rights of the investee) are presented using the equity
method of accounting. Profits on intercompany sales, not realized outside the Company, are eliminated. The Company discontinues
applying the equity method when its investment (including advances and loans) is reduced to zero and the Company has not guaranteed
obligations of the affiliate or otherwise committed to provide further financial support to the affiliate.  

Investments in preferred
shares, which are not in substance common stock, are recorded on a cost basis according to ASC 323-10-15-13,  Investments
- Equity Method and Joint Ventures - In-substance Common Stock  and ASC 323-10-40-1,  Investment -Equity Method and
Joint Ventures - Investee Capital Transactions .  

A change in the Company s
proportionate share of an investee s equity, resulting from issuance of common or in-substance common shares by the investee
to third parties, is recorded as a gain or loss in the consolidated income statements in accordance with ASC 323-10-40-1.  

Investments in non-marketable
equity securities of entities in which the Company does not have control or the ability to exercise significant influence over
their operation and financial policies, are recorded at cost (generally when the Company holds less than 20% of the voting rights).  

Management evaluates
investments in affiliated companies, partnerships and other non-marketable equity securities for evidence of other-than-temporary
declines in value. Such evaluation is dependent on the specific facts and circumstances. Accordingly, in determining whether other-than-temporary
declines exist, management evaluates various indicators for other-than-temporary declines and evaluates financial information
(e.g. budgets, business plans, financial statements, etc.). During 2015 and 2014, no material impairment was recognized.  

c.   
       Intangible Assets    
 
 Intangible assets consist of
non-monetary and separately identifiable assets, which can be controlled and are expected to generate future economic benefits.
Such assets are recognized at acquisition and/or production cost, including directly attributable expenses to make the asset ready
for use, net of accumulated amortization charges and any impairment losses. Intangible assets with a finite useful life are amortized
on a straight-line basis over their useful lives and are tested for impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for intangible assets with a finite useful lives are reviewed
at least at each reporting date. (see Note 5 to the Financial Statements). 

d.   
       Long-Lived Assets    
 
 When events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets, such as capital assets and intangible assets, may not be recoverable, undiscounted
estimated cash flows are projected over their remaining term and compared to the carrying amount. To the extent that such projections
indicate that future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying amounts of related assets, a charge is
recorded to reduce the carrying amount to the projected future discounted cash flows. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity is the ability of a company to
generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis.
Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts
payable and capital expenditures. 

As of December 31, 2015, we
had cash of $1,888,000, as compared to $161,000 as of September 30, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, we had a working capital deficit
of $7,879,000 as compared to deficit of $7,542,000 as of September 30, 2015. The increase in our working capital deficit is mainly
attributable the increase in our deferred revenues from joint ventures in the amount of $2,618,000 and increase in our current
maturities of long term loans in the amount of $517,000. The increase in our working capital deficit was mitigated by increase
in our current assets in the amount of $1,394,000 and increase in our cash in the amount of $1,727,000.  

Net cash used in operating
activities was $2,125,000 for the three-month period ended December 31, 2015, as compared to $710,000 for the three-month period
ended December 31, 2014.  

Net cash flows used in investing
activities was $2,143,000 for the three-month period ended December 31, 2015, as compared to net cash flows used in investing
activity of $60,000 for the three-month period ended December 31, 2014. The increase in cash used in investing activities is due
to the acquisitions of one hundred percent (100%) of the share capital of Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l.
and Gefa S.r.l .  

Net cash flows provided by financing
activities was approximately $5,995,000 for the three-month period ended December 31, 2015, as compared to approximately $590,000
for the three-month period ended December 31, 2014. The increase in cash provided by financing activities was mainly attributable
to our $3 million offering of senior debentures and warrants, as further described in our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December
28, 2015, and loans received in connection with the acquisition of one hundred percent (100%) of the share capital of Agricerere
S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l.  

In February 2016, we also conducted an
offering of $1,925,000 of our shares of common stock, together with warrants to purchase our common stock, in a private placement,
as further described in our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016. We have principally financed our operations through
the sale of our common stock and the issuance of convertible debt. 

16   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As at December 31, 2015, we had no off-balance
sheet arrangements of any nature. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   

As a smaller reporting company, we are
not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES.   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s
management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2015 as a
result of material weaknesses we identified in our internal control over financial reporting relating to  maintenance
of effective controls over the completeness and accuracy of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other expenses. Specifically,
controls over cut-off and completeness of accounts payable and accrued expenses were insufficient to ensure that invoices from
certain vendors and service providers were recorded and properly evaluated at period end.  This control deficiency resulted
in audit adjustments to the transition report for  transition period from October 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 .
This control deficiency resulted in a misstatement of the Company s accounts payables, accrued liabilities and General and
Administration operating. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness.
 In response to the material weaknesses described above, we recruited a seasoned Chief Financial Officers and we began implementing
and evaluating new internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Though management is still
evaluating the design of these new controls and procedures, we believe that our improved processes and procedures will assist
in the remediation of our material weaknesses. Once placed in operation for a sufficient period, we will subject these controls
and procedures to appropriate tests in order to determine whether they are operating effectively. Management, with oversight from
the Audit Committee, is committed to the remediation of known material weaknesses as expeditiously as possible.  

Our  management s
conclusion that the Company s internal control over financial reporting contained a material weakness at December  31,
2015 which will be remediated by the end of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 and   is in the process of determining
how best to change our current system and implement a more effective system to insure that information required to be disclosed
has been recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately. Our management acknowledges the existence of this issue, and
is developing procedures and controls to address it to the extent possible given limitations in financial and manpower resources.   

Changes in Internal Controls   

 Our management, with the participation
of our CEO and CFO, performed an evaluation to determine whether any change in our internal controls over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the three month period ended December 31, 2015. Based on
that evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that no change occurred in the Company s internal controls over financial
reporting during the three month period ended December 31, 2015, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting.    

17   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.   

As a smaller reporting company, we are
not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   

On October 21, 2015, we issued 10,114,848
shares of common stock of the Company for the aggregate purchase price of $214,527. Such issuance was made pursuant to the April
15, 2015, Subscription Agreement with Dr. Borenstein Ltd. (the  April Borenstein Subscription Agreement ).  

On October 12, 2015, we issued
375,000 shares of common stock to a consultant in respect of its general advisory services and strategic planning consulting agreement
with the Company. The Company has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $22,586.  

On October 26, 2015, we
issued 690,000 shares of common stock to a consultant in respect of his consulting agreements with the Company. The Company
has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $25,803.  

On December 2, 2015, we
issued 625,000 shares of common stock to a consultant in respect of his consulting agreements with the Company. The Company
has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $43,411.  

On December 2, 2015, we
issued 745,000 shares of common stock to a consultant in respect of his consulting agreements with the Company. The Company
has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $16,544.  

The transactions described above were exempt
from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as transactions not involving a public offering. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

On June 17, 2015, our Board approved a
share repurchase program (the  Share Repurchase Program ). Under the Share Repurchase Program, we are authorized to
repurchase up to $500,000 worth of our common stock. We may purchase shares of our common stock on the open market or through privately
negotiated transactions from time-to-time and in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. We are not obligated to
make any purchases, including at any specific time or in any particular situation. The Share Repurchase Program may be limited
or terminated at any time without prior notice. 

Our share repurchase activity during the
three months ended December 31, 2015 is presented in the table below. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS
UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES.   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.   

The following information
is being reported in Item 5 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in satisfaction of Item 1.01 and Item 3.02 of a Current Report
on Form 8-K, concerning entry into a material definitive agreement and an unregistered sale of equity securities, respectively.  

In July 2015, we conducted
a private placement of up to $250,000 of our common stock at $0.0176 per share to certain accredited investors (the  July
Offering ). On December 2, 2015, we closed on the July Offering, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $225,526,
and agreed to issue 21,588,871 shares of our common stock at $0.0104 per share (the  July 2015 Shares ), pursuant
to certain subscription agreements (the  July Offering Subscription Agreements ). All investors in the July Offering
were part of group led by a member of our Board of Directors, and one of the investors included a company in which he is the chief
executive officer, but has no equity interest.  

The proceeds to the Company
of the July Offering were received in December 2015, and were used to finance a portion of the closing of the acquisitions of
the purchase of the SPVs by Bluesphere Pavia (See Note 3 in Part I, Item 1).  

On June 2, 2016, we issued
13,930,742 shares of our common stock pursuant to all but one of the July Offering Subscription Agreements dated December 2, 2015,
with the issuance of the remaining 7,658,129 shares of our common stock currently in process. The Company did not utilize the
services of, or pay any commissions to, a broker-dealer or third party in connection with the July Offering.  

The foregoing description
of the July Offering Subscription Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the form of July Offering Subscription Agreements filed as Exhibit 10.7 to this Quarterly Report, and incorporated
herein by reference. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the July Offering Subscription Agreements were
made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.
Accordingly, the form or July Offering Subscription Agreement is incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors with
information regarding its terms and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business,
and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Company s periodic reports and other SEC filings.  

The Company is providing this
information in accordance with Rule 135c under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and
the notice contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell the Company s securities, and is not a solicitation for
an offer to purchase the Company s securities. The Company has sold shares of common stock in a private placement in reliance
on the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D and/or Regulation S promulgated
thereunder since, among other things, the above transaction did not involve a public offering. Additionally, the Company relied
on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. The investor in the sale had access to information about the Company and its
investments, took July 2015 Shares for investment and not resale, and the Company took appropriate measures to restrict the transfer
of the July 2015 Shares. Upon issuance, the resale of the July 2015 Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act and
may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.  

18   

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS.   

19   

(1) Incorporated by reference to our current
report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2013. 

 (2) Incorporated by reference to our current
report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2015. 

 (3) Incorporated by reference to our current
report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 14, 2015. 

 (4) Incorporated by reference to our current
report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2015. 

 (5) Incorporated by reference to our quarterly
report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 14, 2015. 

 (6) Incorporated by reference to our quarterly
report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15, 2015. 

 (7) Incorporated by reference to our current
report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 18, 2015. 

 (8) Incorporated by reference to our current
report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2015. 

 (9) Incorporated by reference to our current
report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 28, 2015. 

 (10) Incorporated by reference to our
current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016. 

 (11) Incorporated by reference to our
annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on January 13, 2016.  

* Indicates management contract or compensatory
plan or arrangement.       

20   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this quarterly report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

By: 
     /s/ Shlomi Palas  

President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 21, 2016   

By:  
      /s/ Ran Daniel   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

Date: November 21, 2016   

21   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation 10-Q/A  

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Shlomi Palas, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation;  
 
     2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 
     3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;  
 
     4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 
     5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 21, 2016  

/s/ Shlomi Palas 

Shlomi Palas  
         Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation 10-Q/A  

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Shlomo Zakai, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation;  
 
     2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 
     3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;  
 
     4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 
     5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation 10-Q/A  

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation (the  Company ) for the three months ended December 31, 2015, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Shlomi Palas, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Shlomi Palas   

Shlomi Palas  

Chief Executive Officer  

This certification accompanies each Report
pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by  906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation 10-Q/A  

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation (the  Company ) for the three months ended December 31, 2015, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Shlomo Zakai, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 21, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Ran Daniel   

Ran Daniel   

Chief Financial Officer  

This certification accompanies each Report
pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by  906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 blsp-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 blsp-20151231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 blsp-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 blsp-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 blsp-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 blsp-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

