<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_874238_0001171843-16-012746_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3081356</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91469</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>211513</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>614641</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1407374</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>690984</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>54</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-012746.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031162621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-012746
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STERLING CONSTRUCTION CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000874238
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		IRS NUMBER:				251655321
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31993
		FILM NUMBER:		161961940

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2751 CENTERVILLE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3131
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3024789170

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20810 FERNBUSH LANE
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77073

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OAKHURST CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950831

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OAKHURST CAPITAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-012746.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 f10q_103116p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark one) 

[X]   QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION   13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For the quarterly period ended: September
        30, 2016 
         Or   
 
      [   ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION  13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For the transition period from___
        to ___ 

Commission file number  1-31993  

STERLING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
        INC.  
         (Exact name of registrant as specified
        in its charter) 

DELAWARE  
      25-1655321   

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation 
         or organization  
     
         (I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.)   

1800 Hughes Landing Blvd.  
          The Woodlands, Texas   

77380    
 
     (Address of principal executive office) 
     (Zip Code)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code   (281) 214-0800   

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed from last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the
        registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
        the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject
        to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
         [ ] Yes [ ] No 
           
         Indicate by check mark whether the
        registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
        submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
        for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [ ] Yes [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer [ ]                                Accelerated
        filer [ ] 
         Non-accelerated filer [ ]                                  Smaller
        reporting company [ ] 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting
        company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the
        registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [ ] Yes [ ] No 

At October 28, 2016, there
        were 25,002,964 shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, par value $0.01 per share. 

STERLING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INC.  

  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Financial Statements  
      3   
 
      Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      18   
 
      Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      26   
 
      Item 4.  Controls and Procedures  
      26   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  
      27   
 
      Item 1A.  Risk Factors  
      27   
 
      Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      27   
 
      Item 3.  Defaults upon Senior Securities  
      27   
 
      Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  
      27   
 
      Item 5.  Other Information  
      27   
 
      Item 6.  Exhibits  
      28   

SIGNATURES  
      29   

PART I  

   Item 1. Financial
Statements 

STERLING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INC.   SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS  

  (Amounts in thousands, except
share and per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

STERLING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INC.   SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS  

  (Amounts in thousands, except
share and per share data)  

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

STERLING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INC.   SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  

  (Amounts in thousands)  

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

STERLING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INC.   SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  

  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016  

  (Amounts in thousands)  

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

STERLING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY, INC.
  SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Amounts in thousands)  

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements .   

STERLING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INC.   SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

 (Unaudited) 

1.  Business Summary and Significant Accounting Policies   

Business Summary   

Sterling Construction Company, Inc. ( Sterling 
or  the Company ), a Delaware corporation, is a leading heavy civil construction company that specializes in the building
and reconstruction of transportation and water infrastructure projects in Texas, Utah, Nevada, Colorado, Arizona, California, Hawaii
and other states in which there are construction opportunities. Its transportation infrastructure projects include highways, roads,
bridges, airfields, ports and light rail. Its water infrastructure projects include water, wastewater and storm drainage systems. 

Presentation  

The condensed consolidated financial
statements included herein have been prepared by Sterling, without audit, in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and should be read in conjunction with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015 ( 2015 Form 10-K ). Certain information and note disclosures prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) have been either condensed or omitted pursuant
to SEC rules and regulations. The condensed consolidated financial statements reflect, in the opinion of management, all normal
recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the Company s financial position at September 30, 2016 and the results
of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. The December 31, 2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet data herein
was derived from audited financial statements, but as discussed above, does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. Interim
results may be subject to significant seasonal variations and the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or subsequent quarters. 

Significant Accounting Policies   

The Company s significant
accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2015 Form 10-K.
These accounting policies include, but are not limited to, those related to: 

revenue recognition 

contracts receivable, including retainage 

valuation of property and equipment, goodwill and other long-lived assets 

income taxes 

segment reporting 

There have been no material changes
to significant accounting policies since December 31, 2015. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of subsidiaries and construction joint ventures in which the Company has a greater than 50% ownership
interest or otherwise controls such entities. For investments in subsidiaries and construction joint ventures that are not wholly-owned,
but where the Company exercises control, the equity held by the remaining owners and their portions of net income (loss) are reflected
in the balance sheet line item  Noncontrolling interests  in  Equity  and the statement of operations line
item  Noncontrolling owners  interests in earnings of subsidiaries and joint ventures,  respectively. All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. For all years presented, the Company had no subsidiaries
where its ownership interests were less than 50%. 

Where the Company is a noncontrolling joint
venture partner, and otherwise not required to consolidate the joint venture entity, its share of the operations of such construction
joint venture is accounted for on a pro rata basis in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and as a single line
item ( Receivables from and equity in construction joint ventures ) in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. This
method is an acceptable modification of the equity method of accounting which is a common practice in the construction industry.
Refer to Note 7 for further information regarding the Company s construction joint ventures. 

Under GAAP, the Company must determine whether
each entity, including joint ventures in which it participates, is a variable interest entity ( VIE ). This determination
focuses on identifying which owner or joint venture partner, if any, has the power to direct the activities of the entity and the
obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity disproportionate to its interest in
the entity, which could have the effect of requiring the Company to consolidate the entity in which it has a noncontrolling variable
interest. Refer to Note 8 for further information regarding the Company s consolidated VIE. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Certain of the Company s accounting policies
require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. These include the recognition of revenue and earnings from
construction contracts under the percentage-of-completion method, the valuation of long-term assets (including goodwill) and income
taxes. Management continually evaluates all of its estimates and judgments based on available information and experience; however,
actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Reclassification  

Reclassifications have been made
to historical financial data on our condensed consolidated financial statements to conform to our current year presentation. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company is a general contractor which engages
in various types of heavy civil construction projects principally for public (government) owners. Credit risk is minimal with public
owners since the Company ascertains that funds have been appropriated by the governmental project owner prior to commencing work
on such projects. While most public contracts are subject to termination at the election of the government entity, in the event
of termination the Company is entitled to receive the contract price for completed work and reimbursement of termination-related
costs. Credit risk with private owners is minimized because of statutory mechanics liens, which give the Company high priority
in the event of lien foreclosures following financial difficulties of private owners. 

Our contracts generally take 12 to 36 months
to complete. The Company generally provides a one to two-year warranty for workmanship under its contracts when completed. Warranty
claims historically have been insignificant. 

Revenues are recognized on the percentage-of-completion
method, measured by the ratio of costs incurred up to a given date to estimated total costs for each contract. This cost to cost
measure is used because management considers it to be the best available measure of progress on these contracts. Contract costs
include all direct material, labor, subcontract and other costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such
as indirect salaries and wages, equipment repairs and depreciation, insurance and payroll taxes. Administrative and general expenses
are charged to expense as incurred. Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such
losses are determined. Changes in job performance, job conditions and estimated profitability, including those changes arising
from contract penalty provisions and final contract settlements may result in revisions to costs and income and are recognized
in the period in which the revisions are determined. 

Changes in estimated revenues and gross margin
resulted in a net charge of $0.6 million and a net charge of $1.1 million during the three months and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, included in  operating income (loss)  on the condensed consolidated statements of operations .
 Changes in estimated revenues and gross margin resulted in a net charge of $1.1 million and $12.3 million during the three
months and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, included in  operating income (loss)  on the condensed
consolidated statements of operations .  

Change orders are
modifications of an original contract that effectively change the existing provisions of the contract without adding new provisions
or terms. Change orders may include changes in specifications or designs, manner of performance, facilities, equipment, materials,
sites and period of completion of the work. Either we or our customers may initiate change orders. 

The Company considers
unapproved change orders to be contract variations for which we have customer approval for a change of scope but a price change
associated with the scope change has not yet been agreed upon. Costs associated with unapproved change orders are included in the
estimated costs to complete the contracts and are treated as project costs as incurred. The Company recognizes revenue equal to
costs incurred on unapproved change orders when realization of price approval is probable. Unapproved change orders involve the
use of estimates, and it is reasonably possible that revisions to the estimated costs and recoverable amounts may be required in
future reporting periods to reflect changes in estimates or final agreements with customers. Change orders that are unapproved
as to both price and scope are evaluated as claims. 

The Company considers claims to be amounts
in excess of agreed contract prices that we seek to collect from our customers or others for customer-caused delays, errors in
specifications and designs, contract terminations, change orders that are either in dispute or are unapproved as to both scope
and price, or other causes of unanticipated additional contract costs. Claims are included in the calculation of revenue when realization
is probable and amounts can be reliably determined to the extent costs are incurred. To support these requirements, the existence
of the following items must be satisfied: 1. The contract or other evidence provides a legal basis for the claim; or a legal opinion
has been obtained, stating that under the circumstances there is a reasonable basis to support the claim; 2. Additional costs are
caused by circumstances that were unforeseen at the contract date and are not the result of deficiencies in the contractor s
performance; 3. Costs associated with the claim are identifiable or otherwise determinable and are reasonable in view of the work
performed; and 4. The evidence supporting the claim is objective and verifiable, not based on management s feel for the situation
or on unsupported representations. Revenues in excess of contract costs incurred on claims is recognized when an agreement is reached
with customers as to the value of the claims, which in some instances may not occur until after completion of work under the contract.
Costs associated with claims are included in the estimated costs to complete the contracts and are treated as project costs when
incurred. 

The Company
has projects where we are in the process of negotiating, or awaiting final approval of, unapproved change orders and claims
with our customers. The Company is proceeding with its contractual rights to recoup additional costs incurred from its
customers based on completing work associated with change orders with pending change order pricing or claims related
to significant changes in scope which resulted in substantial delays and additional costs in completing the work. Unapproved
change order and claim information has been provided to our customers and negotiations with the customers are ongoing. If
additional progress with an acceptable resolution is not reached, legal action will be taken. 

Based upon our review
of the provisions of our contracts, specific costs incurred and other related evidence supporting the unapproved change orders,
claims and our entitled unpaid project price, together with the views of the Company s outside claim consultants, we concluded
that including the unapproved change order, claim and entitled unpaid project price amounts of $2.4 million, $9.1 million and $3.9
million, respectively, at September 30, 2016, and $1.6 million, $5.2 million and $3.9 million, respectively, at December 31, 2015,
in  Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts  on our condensed consolidated balance
sheets was in accordance with GAAP. We expect these matters will be resolved without a material adverse effect on our financial
statements. However, unapproved change order and claim amounts are subject to negotiations which may cause actual results to differ
materially from estimated and recorded amounts. 

Financial Instruments and Fair Value  

The fair value of financial instruments
is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. The Company s
financial instruments are cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash used as collateral for a letter of credit and restricted cash
maintained in an escrow account, short-term contracts receivable, accounts payable, notes payable, a revolving loan (the  Revolving
Loan ) with Nations Fund I, LLC and Nations Equipment Finance, LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the
lender ( Nations ) and a term loan (the  Term Loan ) with Nations (combined, the  Equipment-based
Facility ). 

The recorded values of cash and
cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term contracts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair values based on
their liquidity and/or short-term nature. 

Refer to Note 11 regarding the fair
value of the Revolving Loan and the Term Loan and notes payable. The Company does not have any off-balance sheet financial instruments
other than operating leases (refer to Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2015 Form 10-K). 

In order
to assess the fair value of the Company s financial instruments, the Company uses the fair value hierarchy established by
GAAP which prioritizes the inputs used in valuation techniques into the following three levels: 

Level 1 Inputs   Based
upon quoted prices for identical assets in active markets that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Inputs   Based
upon quoted prices (other than Level 1) in active markets for similar assets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in
markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset such as interest rates, yield curves,
volatilities and default rates and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 Inputs   Based
on unobservable inputs reflecting the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use
in pricing the asset based on the best information available. 

For each financial instrument, the
Company uses the highest priority level input that is available in order to appropriately value that particular instrument. In
certain instances, Level 1 inputs are not available and the Company must use Level 2 or Level 3 inputs. In these cases, the Company
provides a description of the valuation techniques used and the inputs used in the fair value measurement. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued guidance in Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15 (Topic 230):
Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This update addresses specific cash flow issues with the objective of
reducing existing diversity in practice. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance to the
Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance
in ASU No. 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.
Among other things, these amendments require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting
date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts (forward-looking). Many of the
loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect
the full amount of expected credit losses. This new guidance is effective for public entities for annual reporting periods, beginning
after December 15, 2019, including interim reporting periods therein. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption
of this guidance to the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In April and May 2016, the FASB
issued additional revenue recognition guidance in ASU No. 2016-12, No. 2016-11 and 2016-10 (Topic 606). All three of these standards
provide implementation guidance and clarifications of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  ASU 2016-10
provides additional guidance on identifying performance obligations and licensing, ASU 2016-11 rescinds SEC guidance based on the
previous revenue recognition standards and ASU 2016-12 relates to narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients. All of these
amendments are effective for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
reporting periods therein. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance to the Company s
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued its
new stock compensation guidance in ASU No. 2016-09 (Topic 718). First, under the new guidance, companies will be required to recognize
the income tax effects of share-based awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled (i.e., additional paid-in
capital ( APIC ) or APIC pools will be eliminated). In addition, the new guidance allows a withholding amount of awarded
shares with a fair value up to the amount of tax owed using the maximum, instead of the minimum, statutory tax rate without triggering
liability classification for the award. Lastly, the new guidance allows companies to elect whether to account for forfeitures of
share-based payments by (1) recognizing forfeitures of awards as they occur or (2) estimating the number of awards expected to
be forfeited and adjusting the estimate when it is likely to change, as is currently required. The new standard is effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company has chosen to early adopt this guidance and chosen to account for forfeitures of share-based payments by recognizing
forfeitures of awards as they occur. The result of adopting this guidance was immaterial to the Company s condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued
its new lease accounting guidance in ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). Under the new guidance, lessees will be required
to recognize for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to
make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents
the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. The new standard is effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU to the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

2.  Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash   

The Company considers all highly
liquid investments with original or remaining maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.
Cash and cash equivalents include cash balances held by our wholly owned subsidiaries, as well as cash held by majority owned subsidiaries,
construction joint ventures, and the Company s VIE that we consolidate. Refer to Note 8 for more information regarding the
Company s consolidated VIE. Joint venture cash balances are limited to joint venture activities and are not available for
other projects, general cash needs or distribution to us without approval of the board of directors, or equivalent body, of the
respective joint ventures. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, cash and cash equivalents included $14.1 million and a
minimal amount, respectively, belonging to a majority-owned joint venture which generally cannot be used for purposes outside the
joint venture. 

Restricted cash of approximately $3.0 million is included in  other assets, net  on the condensed consolidated
balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and represents cash deposited by the Company into a separate account
and designated as collateral for a standby letter of credit in the same amount in accordance with contractual agreements. Refer
to Note 5 for more information about our standby letter of credit. In addition, restricted cash of approximately $2.0 million is
included in  other current assets  on the condensed consolidated balances sheet as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, which represents cash deposited by a customer, for the benefit of the Company, in an escrow account which is restricted
until the customer releases the restriction upon the completion of the job.  

The Company holds cash on deposit in U.S. banks,
at times, in excess of federally insured limits. Management does not believe that the risk associated with keeping cash deposits
in excess of federal deposit insurance limits represents a material risk. 

3.  Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment are summarized
as follows (amounts in thousands): 

4.  Income Taxes   

The Company and its subsidiaries
file U.S. federal and various U.S. state income tax returns. Current income tax expense (or benefit) represents federal and state
taxes based on tax paid or expected to be payable or receivable for the periods shown in the condensed consolidated statements
of operations. 

The Company is not expecting a current
federal tax liability due to sufficient net operating loss carry forwards. The Company may incur current state tax liabilities
in states in which the Company does not have sufficient net operating loss carry forwards. A minimal tax expense was recorded for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and a minimal tax benefit was recorded for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015. The effective income tax rate varied from the statutory rate primarily as a result of the change in the valuation allowance,
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest owners which is taxable to those owners rather than to the Company, state income
taxes and other permanent differences. 

The Company s deferred tax
expense (or benefit) reflects the change in deferred tax assets or liabilities. The Company performs an analysis at the end of
each reporting period to determine whether it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets are expected to be realized in future
years. Based upon this analysis, a full valuation allowance has been applied to our net deferred tax assets as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015. Therefore, there has been no change in net deferred taxes for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

As a result of the Company s
analysis, management has determined that the Company does not have any material uncertain tax positions. 

5.  Commitments and Contingencies   

The Company is required by our insurance
provider to obtain and hold a standby letter of credit. This letter of credit serves as a guarantee by the banking institution
to pay our insurance provider the incurred claim costs attributable to our general liability, workers compensation and automobile
liability claims, up to the amount stated in the standby letter of credit, in the event that these claims were not paid by the
Company. Due to the change to our Equipment-based Facility, we have cash collateralized the letter of credit, resulting in the
cash being designated as restricted. Refer to Note 2 for more information on our restricted cash. 

During the first six months of 2016,
the Company recorded a legal reserve of $1.0 million as a result of a dispute between one of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries
and a subcontractor. This amount was recorded as  cost of revenues  in our condensed statements of operations and was
settled for $1.0 million during the second quarter of 2016. This matter is now resolved in its entirety. 

The Company is the subject of certain
other claims and lawsuits occurring in the normal course of business. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, does not
believe that the outcome of these actions will have a material impact on the condensed consolidated financial statements of the
Company. 

6.  Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures with Noncontrolling Owners  Interests   

The amended agreements, as described
in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2015 Form 10-K, resulted in an obligation to purchase Mr. Buenting s
and Myers  50% members  interest that the Company is certain to incur, either because of Mr. Buenting s or Mr.
Myers  death; therefore, the Company has classified the noncontrolling interest as mandatorily redeemable and has recorded
a liability in  Members  interest subject to mandatory redemption and undistributed earnings  on the condensed
consolidated balance sheets. In addition, all undistributed earnings at the time of the noncontrolling owners  death or permanent
disability are also mandatorily payable. The liability consists of the following (amounts in thousands): 

Earnings for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 were $3.4 million and $7.3 million, respectively and $1.5 million and $0.8 million for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015. These amounts were included in  Other operating income, net  on the Company s
condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Changes in Noncontrolling Interests   

The following table summarizes the
changes in the noncontrolling owners  interests in subsidiaries and joint ventures (amounts in thousands): 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is primarily from the Company s majority-owned construction joint
venture. Due to the events described in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2015 Form 10-K, the Company s
subsidiaries with noncontrolling interest earnings are less than the earnings in the prior year period. 

7.  Construction Joint Ventures   

The Company participates in various
construction joint ventures. Generally, each construction joint venture is formed to construct a specific project and is jointly
controlled by the joint venture partners. Refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2015 Form 10-K
for further information about our joint ventures. Condensed combined financial amounts of joint ventures in which the Company has
a noncontrolling interest and the Company s share of such amounts which are included in the Company s condensed consolidated
financial statements are shown below (amounts in thousands): 

Approximately $61 million of the Company s backlog at September 30, 2016 was attributable to projects being performed
by joint ventures. The majority of this amount is attributable to the Company s joint venture with Granite Construction Corporation,
where the Company has a 49% interest. 

The caption  Receivables from
and equity in construction joint ventures  includes undistributed earnings and receivables owed to the Company. Undistributed
earnings are typically released to the joint venture partners after the customer accepts the project as complete and the warranty
period, if any, has passed. 

8.  Variable Interest Entities   

The Company owns a 50% interest
in Myers   Sons Construction, L.P. ( Myers ), of which it is the primary beneficiary and has consolidated Myers
into the Company s financial statements. Because the Company exercises primary control over activities of the partnership
and it is exposed to the majority of potential losses of the partnership, the Company has consolidated Myers within the Company s
financial statements since August 1, 2011, the date of acquisition. Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in the 2015 Form 10-K for additional information on the acquisition of this limited partnership. 

The condensed financial information of Myers,
which is reflected in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations, is as follows (amounts
in thousands): 

9.  Stockholders  Equity   

Stock Offering   

On May 9, 2016, the Company completed
an underwritten public offering of 5,175,000 shares of the Company s common stock, which included the full exercise of the
sole underwriter s over-allotment option, at a price to the public of $4.00 per share ($3.77 per share net of underwriting
discounts). The net proceeds from the offering of $19.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses,
were used for working capital, repayment of our indebtedness under the revolving loan portion of our Equipment-based Facility and
for general corporate purposes. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company has a stock-based incentive
plan which is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in the 2015 Form 10-K for further information. 

During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company awarded a total of zero and 79,240 shares of common stock, respectively, at a weighted-average
grant date value of zero and $4.36 per share, respectively, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the
date of award. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.4 million and $1.2 million for the three months and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.8 million and $1.3 million for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, total unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested common stock awards was $2.3 million. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of 1.5 years. At September 30, 2016, there were 0.8 million shares of common stock covered by outstanding unvested
common stock. 

10.  Net Income (Loss) per Share Attributable to Sterling Common Stockholders   

Basic net income (loss) per share
attributable to Sterling common stockholders is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to Sterling common stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share attributable
to Sterling common stockholders is the same as basic net income (loss) per share attributable to Sterling common stockholders but
includes dilutive unvested stock using the treasury stock method. The following table reconciles the numerators and denominators
of the basic and diluted per common share computations for net income (loss) attributable to Sterling common stockholders (amounts
in thousands, except per share data): 

In accordance with the treasury stock method, zero and approximately 0.3 million shares of unvested common
stock were excluded from the calculation of the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, as the Company incurred a loss during the nine month period and the impact of such shares would have
been antidilutive. In accordance with the treasury stock method, 0.2 million and 0.4 million shares of unvested common stock were
excluded from the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, as
the assumed proceeds related to these shares would purchase more shares than the unvested shares outstanding resulting in anti-dilution. 

Debt consists of the following (in thousands): 

Equipment-based Facility   

At September 30, 2016, the Company
had a borrowing base of $27.0 million, which was the result of calculating 65% of the appraised value (where appraised value equals
net operating liquidated value) of the Company s collateral. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016 the Company prepaid $5 million of the principal balance of our Term Loan and paid approximately $0.2 million as a prepayment
fee which was recorded as  interest expense  in our condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

Fair Value   

The Company s debt is recorded at its
carrying amount in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company uses an income approach to determine the fair value of
its 12% Term Loan due May 29, 2019 using estimated cash flows, which is a Level 3 fair value measurement. As of September
30, 2016, the carrying values and fair values are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Notes Payable for Transportation
and Construction Equipment   

The Company has purchased and financed
various transportation and construction equipment to enhance the Company s fleet of equipment. The total long-term notes
payable related to the purchase of financed equipment was $2.9 million at September 30, 2016 and $3.3 million at December 31, 2015.
The purchases have payment terms ranging from 3 to 5 years and the associated interest rates range from 3.12% to 7.13%. The fair
value of these notes payable approximates their book value. 

Interest Expense   

Interest expense related to our Equipment-based
Facility and other debt for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.5 million and $2.2 million, respectively,
and $1.1 million and $2.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The decrease in interest
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to the decreased debt outstanding during the period. The slight
increase in interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was due to the prepayment fee discussed above and the
higher interest rate on the Equipment-based Facility compared to the interest rate on our prior credit facility. 

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Comment Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements   

 This Report includes statements that are, or
may be considered to be,  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These
forward-looking statements are included throughout this Report, including in this section,  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  and relate to matters such as our industry, business strategy,
goals and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, capital expenditures, liquidity
and capital resources and other financial and operating information. We have used the words  anticipate,   assume, 
 believe,   budget,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect, 
 forecast,   future,   intend,   may,   plan,   potential, 
 predict,   project,   should,   will,   would  and similar terms and
phrases to identify forward-looking statements in this Report. 

Forward-looking statements reflect our current
expectations as of the date of this Report regarding future events, results or outcomes. These expectations may or may not be realized.
Some of these expectations may be based upon assumptions or judgments that prove to be incorrect. In addition, our business and
operations involve numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could result in our expectations
not being realized or otherwise could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Actual events, results and outcomes may differ
materially from our expectations due to a variety of factors. Although it is not possible to identify all of these factors, they
include, among others, the following: 

changes in general economic conditions, including recessions, reductions in federal, state and
local government funding for infrastructure services and changes in those governments  budgets, practices, laws and regulations;   

delays or difficulties related to the completion of our projects, including additional costs, reductions
in revenues or the payment of liquidated damages, or delays or difficulties related to obtaining required governmental permits
and approvals;   

actions of suppliers, subcontractors, design engineers, joint venture partners, customers, competitors,
banks, surety companies and others which are beyond our control, including suppliers , subcontractors  and joint venture
partners  failure to perform;   

factors that affect the accuracy of estimates inherent in our bidding for contracts, estimates
of backlog, percentage-of-completion accounting policies, including onsite conditions that differ materially from those assumed
in our original bid, contract modifications, mechanical problems with our machinery or equipment and effects of other risks discussed
in this document;   

design/build contracts which subject us to the risk of design errors and omissions;   

cost escalations associated with our contracts, including changes in availability, proximity and
cost of materials such as steel, cement, concrete, aggregates, oil, fuel and other construction materials and cost escalations
associated with subcontractors and labor;   

our dependence on a limited number of significant customers;   

adverse weather conditions; although we prepare our budgets and bid contracts based on historical
rain and snowfall patterns, the incidence of rain, snow, hurricanes, etc., may differ materially from these expectations;   

the presence of competitors with greater financial resources or lower margin requirements than
ours and the impact of competitive bidders on our ability to obtain new backlog at reasonable margins acceptable to us;   

our ability to successfully identify, finance, complete and integrate acquisitions;   

citations issued by any governmental authority, including the Occupational Safety and Health Administration;   

federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations where non-compliance can result in
penalties and/or termination of contracts as well as civil and criminal liability;   

adverse economic conditions in our markets; and   

In reading this Report, you should
consider these factors carefully in evaluating any forward-looking statements and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on any forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in, or suggested by,
the forward-looking statements that we make in this Report are reasonable, we can provide no assurance that they will be achieved. 

The forward-looking statements
included in this Report are made only as of the date of this Report and we undertake no obligation to update any information contained
in this Report or to publicly release the results of any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
that occur, or that we become aware of after the date of this Report, except as may be required by applicable securities laws.  

Overview   

Sterling Construction Company, Inc. ( Sterling 
or  the Company ), is a leading heavy civil construction company that specializes in building and reconstruction of
transportation and water infrastructure projects in Texas, Utah, Nevada, Colorado, Arizona, California, Hawaii and other states
in which there are construction opportunities. Its transportation infrastructure projects include highways, roads, bridges, airfields,
ports and light rail. Its water infrastructure projects include water, wastewater and storm drainage systems. 

Although we describe our business in this Report
in terms of the services we provide, our base of customers and the geographic areas in which we operate, we have concluded that
our operations consist of one reportable segment, one operating segment and one reporting unit component: heavy civil construction.
In making this determination, the Company considered the discrete financial information used by our Chief Operating Decision Maker
( CODM ). Based on this approach, the Company noted that the CODM organizes, evaluates and manages the financial information
around each heavy civil construction project when making operating decisions and assessing the Company s overall performance.
Furthermore, we considered that each heavy civil construction project has similar characteristics, includes similar services, has
similar types of customers and is subject to similar economic and regulatory environments.  

Market Outlook and Trends   

Market outlook: Our core business
is primarily driven by Federal and state funding. The late 2015 passage of the federally funded five-year $305 billion surface
transportation bill will increase the annual federal highway investment by 15.1% over the five-year period from 2016 to 2020. In
addition to the Federal program, several of the states in our key markets have instituted actions to further increase annual spending.
In Texas, two constitutional amendments were passed, which will increase the annual funds allocated to transportation projects
by $4.0 billion to $4.5 billion per year. In Utah, a 20% gas tax increase was put into effect January 1, 2016, which is the first
state gas tax increase in 18 years. In addition, California is currently trying to pass a $3.6 billion per year transportation
bill. See  Item 1. Business Our Markets, Competition and Customers  in our 2015 Form 10-K for a more detailed
discussion of our markets and their funding sources. 

Bid discipline and project execution:
To ensure that we take full advantage of the improved market conditions and maximize profitability we have completed an extensive
evaluation of our projects  historical success based on project size, end customer, product delivered and geography. The
knowledge gained has now been incorporated into a more formal and rigorous bid evaluation and approval process, which along with
the institution of common processes, we believe will enable us to focus our resources on the most beneficial projects and significantly
reduce our risk. In addition, in order to strengthen these processes and capitalize further on the improved market conditions,
we appointed a Chief Operating Officer late in the first quarter of 2016. 

Backlog, backlog gross margin and
gross margin trends: 

Our total
margin in backlog has increased approximately 150 basis points, from 6.5% at September 30, 2015 to 8.0% at September 30, 2016.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we have won approximately $455 million worth of new projects at an average margin
of more than 8.5%. In addition, once we complete approximately $21 million worth of legacy projects with small or zero margins,
we expect that our overall backlog margins to continue to increase and will be in the 8.0% to 8.5% range by December 31, 2016.
The increases noted above are primarily the result of the improving market conditions and actions that we have taken to improve
bid discipline. 

Our gross margin has increased 1.2%,
66.7% and 8.8% from the third quarter of 2015 to the third quarter of 2016, from the second quarter of 2015 to the second quarter
of 2016 and from the first quarter of 2015 to the first quarter of 2016, respectively. These increases are a result of the improving
market conditions, our bid discipline and our improving project execution. 

For purposes of the discussions
which follow,  Current Quarter  refers to the three-month period ended September 30, 2016,  Prior Quarter 
refers to the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, Current Period  refers to the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016 and  Prior Period  refers to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. 

Summary of Financial Results
for the Current Quarter and Current Period    

In the Current Quarter and Current
Period, we had operating income of $3.7 million and $0.6 million, respectively, income before income taxes and earnings attributable
to noncontrolling interest owners of $3.2 million and a loss of $1.6 million, respectively, net income attributable to Sterling
common stockholders of $2.4 million and a loss attributable to Sterling common stockholders of $2.9 million, respectively, and
net income per diluted share attributable to Sterling common stockholders of $0.10 and a net loss per diluted share attributable
to Sterling common stockholders of $0.12, respectively. 

Results of Operations   

Backlog   

At September 30, 2016, our backlog of construction projects was $820 million, as compared to $761 million
at December 31, 2015. Our contracts are typically completed in 12 to 36 months. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately
$94 million and $197 million, respectively, was excluded from our consolidated backlog for projects in which we were the apparent
low bidder, but had not yet been formally awarded the contract or the contract price had not been finalized ( Unsigned Low-bid
Awards ). Total backlog, including Unsigned Low-bid Awards, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, was $914 million
and $958 million, respectively. Backlog at September 30, 2016 includes $61 million attributable to our share of estimated revenues
related to joint ventures where we are a noncontrolling joint venture partner .  

Results of Operations for the Current
Quarter as Compared to the Prior Quarter and for the Current Period as compared to the Prior Period  

NM   Not meaningful. 

Revenues  

Revenues increased $29.6 million, or
16.8%, in the Current Quarter compared with the Prior Quarter and increased $50.7 million, or 10.8%, in the Current Period
compared with the Prior Period. As our markets continue to improve, so has the trend of increasing backlog which increased
$102 million from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016. This trend has contributed to the increased execution of projects
and has favorably affected revenues in both the Current Quarter and Current Period. Specifically, the increase in revenues
during the Current Quarter as compared to the Prior Quarter is primarily the result of increased project activity in nearly
all of our markets which resulted in a $35.0 million increase, offset by a $5.4 million decrease in Texas. The Texas decrease
is primarily due to the slower ramp up of new work driven by owner delays. The majority of the increase was due to the ramp
up of two large Utah projects constructed by our majority-owned construction joint venture that were not ongoing in the Prior
Quarter or the Prior Period. The increase in the Current Period as compared to the Prior Period is primarily the result of
the ramp up of these two large projects along with the lower revenue projects constructed in the Prior Period and the
downward percent-complete revisions made to certain projects in the Prior Period. Current Period revenues increased largely
in Utah, Nevada and Hawaii by $75.4 million which was offset by $24.7 million due to lower project activity in Texas as a
result of heavy rainfall which caused flooding in the Houston and surrounding areas, slower ramp up of new work driven by
owner delays and the winding down of a large project in California which was ongoing in the Prior Period. 

Gross profit   

Gross profit increased $2.6 million for the Current Quarter compared with the Prior Quarter and $20.2 million
for the Current Period compared with the Prior Period. Our gross margins increased to 8.3% and 7.1% in the Current Quarter and
Current Period, respectively, as compared to 8.2% and 3.6% in the Prior Quarter and Prior Period, respectively. The increase in
gross margin during the Current Quarter as compared to the Prior Quarter was primarily related to the overall increasing margin
in backlog driven by the Company s improving markets and the change in the project margin mix as we have less revenue in the
current quarter from zero or near zero margin projects. Favorable project mix has improved gross margin in backlog by 1.5% to 8.0%
at September 30, 2016, from 6.5% at September 30, 2015. The increase in the gross margin during the Current Period as compared
to the Prior Period is primarily a result of downward revision of gross profits related to construction projects in Texas in the
Prior Period as well as improved project margin mix as noted above. Current Period gross margin was adversely affected by a completed
California project which recorded an additional loss of approximately $1.6 million. This loss was primarily attributable to unfavorable
developments relating to a subcontractor claim. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had 121
and 133 contracts-in-progress, respectively, which were less than 90% complete. These contracts are of various sizes, of different
expected profitability and in various stages of completion. The nearer a contract progresses toward completion, the more we are
able to refine our estimate of total revenues (including incentives, delay penalties, change orders and claims), costs and gross
profit. Thus, gross profit as a percent of revenues can increase or decrease from comparable and subsequent quarters due to variations
among contracts and depending upon the stage of completion of contracts. 

The Company
has projects where we are in the process of negotiating, or awaiting final approval of, unapproved change orders and claims
with our customers. The Company is proceeding with its contractual rights to recoup additional costs incurred from its
customers based on completing work associated with change orders with pending change order pricing or claims related
to significant changes in scope which resulted in substantial delays and additional costs in completing the work. Unapproved
change order and claim information has been provided to our customers and negotiations with the customers are ongoing. If
additional progress with an acceptable resolution is not reached, legal action will be taken. 

Based upon our review
of the provisions of our contracts, specific costs incurred and other related evidence supporting the unapproved change orders,
claims and our entitled unpaid project price, together with the views of the Company s outside claim consultants, we concluded
that including the unapproved change order, claim and entitled unpaid project price amounts of $2.4 million, $9.1 million and $3.9
million, respectively, at September 30, 2016, and $1.6 million, $5.2 million and $3.9 million, respectively, at December 31, 2015,
in  Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts  on our condensed consolidated balance
sheets was in accordance with GAAP. We expect these matters will be resolved without a material adverse effect on our financial
statements. However, unapproved change order and claim amounts are subject to negotiations which may cause actual results to differ
materially from estimated and recorded amounts. 

General and administrative expenses   

General and administrative expenses decreased
$1.5 million to $9.6 million during the Current Quarter from $11.1 million in the Prior Quarter and decreased $3.1 million to $29.2
million during the Current Period from $32.3 million in the Prior Period. The decrease in the Current Quarter compared to the Prior
Quarter is primarily the result of certain non-recurring costs related to consulting and employee severance payments of $1.1 million
and $0.5 million, respectively, in the Prior Quarter. The decrease in the Current Period as compared to the Prior Period is primarily
the result of certain non-recurring costs related to consulting and employee severance payments of $1.2 million and $2.9 million,
respectively, in the Prior Period offset by an increase in certain employee and employee benefit costs in the Current Period. 

As a percent of revenues, general and administrative
expenses decreased 1.6% to 4.7% and 1.3% to 5.6% in the Current Quarter and Current Period, respectively, compared with 6.3% and
6.9% in the Prior Quarter and Prior Period, respectively. The decrease in general and administrative expenses, as a percentage
of revenue, for the Current Quarter and Current Period is primarily the result of the decrease in the non-recurring employee severance
costs and consulting costs paid in the Prior Period as mentioned above, along with the leverage generated from generally fixed
costs and increases in revenue in both current periods. 

Other operating income (expense), net  

Other operating income (expense), net, includes
50% of earnings and losses related to members  interests, gains and losses from sales of property, plant and equipment and
other miscellaneous operating income or expense. Members  interest earnings are treated as an expense and result in an increase
to our liability account  Members  interest subject to mandatory redemption and undistributed earnings.  The
change in other operating income (expense), net was primarily due to increased Members  interest earnings and an earn-out
expense of $3.4 million and $0.4 million, respectively, for the Current Quarter and  Members  interest
earnings of $7.3 million for the Current Period. 

Income taxes   

Our effective income tax rates for
the Current and Prior Quarters were minimal. The Company is not expecting a current federal tax liability. We may incur current
state tax liabilities in states in which we do not have sufficient net operating loss carry forwards. A minimal tax expense was
recorded for the Current and Prior Quarters. The effective income tax rate varied from the statutory rate primarily as a result
of the change in the valuation allowance, net income attributable to noncontrolling interest owners which is taxable to those owners
rather than to the Company, state income taxes and other permanent differences. 

Liquidity and Sources of Capital

The following table sets forth information
about our cash flows and liquidity (amounts in thousands): 

Operating Activities.  

During the Current Period, net cash provided by operating activities was $35.7 million compared to $3.5 million
in the Prior Period. The drivers of operating activities cash flows were primarily the result of our lower net loss discussed above,
non-cash items, the change in our accounts receivable, inventory, net contracts in progress and accounts payable balances (collectively,
 Contract Capital ) and the change in other assets as discussed below. 

The significant non-cash items included in
operating activities include depreciation and amortization expense, which were $12.1 million in the Current Period and $12.5 million
in the Prior Period. Depreciation expense has decreased from the Prior Period to the Current Period as a result of our efforts
to maintain our current fleet of equipment and supplement it as necessary with more economical project specific leased equipment. 

The need for working capital for our business
varies due to fluctuations in operating activities and investments in our Contract Capital. The components of Contract Capital
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and changes during the Current Period were as follows (amounts in thousands): 

The Current Period change in Contract Capital
increased liquidity by $22.9 million. Fluctuations in our Contract Capital balance and its components are not unusual in our business
and are impacted by the size of our projects and changing type and mix of projects in our backlog. Our Contract Capital is particularly
impacted by the timing of new awards and related payments of performing work and the contract billings to the customer as we complete
our projects. Contract Capital is also impacted at period-end by the timing of accounts receivable collections and accounts payable
payments for our projects. 

Other assets increased by $1.3 million in
the Current Period compared to a decrease of $9.3 million in the Prior Period which was primarily due to the sale of our long-term
contract receivable in the Prior Period. 

Cash from operating activities continues to
improve with the quality of our backlog margin. We expect this improvement in backlog margin, along with our focus on project cost
containment and working capital management, to continue into 2017. 

Investing Activities.   

During the Current Period, net cash used in
investing activities was $6.7 million compared to $6.2 million in the Prior Period. The primary driver of investing activities
cash flows was cash used as collateral for our letter of credit requirements and for use in an escrow account where both amounts
were designated as restricted cash and also investments in capital equipment as discussed below. 

Capital equipment is acquired as needed to support changing levels of production activities and to replace retiring
equipment. Expenditures for the replacement of certain equipment and to expand our construction fleet totaled $8.9 million for
the Current Period. Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment totaled $2.2 million for the Current Period with an associated
net gain of $0.3 million. For the Prior Period, expenditures totaled $7.1 million, while proceeds from the sale of property and
equipment totaled $5.9 million with an associated net gain of $1.2 million. The decrease in proceeds in the Current Period was
due to the completion of our Company wide initiative that focused on selling underutilized and non-core assets that was ongoing
in the Prior Period. The level of expenditures in the Current Period increased by $1.8 million compared to the Prior Period. This
increase was the result of the need to replace and expand our construction fleet in strategic areas of our markets in order to
satisfy specific project needs. 

Financing Activities.	  

During the Current Period, net cash provided
by financing activities was $9.6 million compared to cash used of $8.7 million in the Prior Period. The increase in cash provided
by financing activities was primarily a result of net proceeds of $19.1 million received from the issuance of common stock which
was offset by the Revolving Loan payoff and Term Loan monthly payments along with a $5 million prepayment made in the Current Period.
Financing activities in the Prior Period consisted of the net repayments on our Prior Credit Facility of $34.6 million and cumulative
drawdowns on our equipment-based revolver of $13.1 million and cash received from our equipment-based term loan of $19.0 million,
both of which were used to fund our operating activities and replace our Prior Credit Facility. In addition, during the Prior Period,
distributions of $3.4 million were made to a noncontrolling interest member. 

Cash and Working Capital.  

Cash at September 30, 2016, was
$43.0 million, which increased based on the items mentioned above. Cash includes $2.1 million that was held by our VIE, $14.1 million
belonging to our majority owned joint venture and a $22.9 million increase in contract capital in the Current Period offset by
our net loss attributable to Sterling common stockholders of $2.9 million in the Current Period. 

Credit Facility and Other Sources
of Capital  

In addition to our available cash, cash equivalents
and cash provided by operations, from time to time, we use borrowings under our Equipment-based Facility to finance our capital
expenditures and working capital needs. 

In May 2015, the Company and its
wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into a $40.0 million loan and security agreement with Nations Fund I, LLC and Nations Equipment
Finance, LLC, as the administrative agent and collateral agent for the lender ( Nations ), consisting of a $20.0 million
term loan (the  Term Loan ) and a $20.0 million revolving loan (the  Revolving Loan  and combined with
the Term Loan, the  Equipment-based Facility ), which replaced its prior credit facility. The amount of the Revolving
Loan that may be borrowed from time to time is determined quarterly and may not exceed $20.0 million. In addition, the sum of the
outstanding balance of the Equipment-based Facility may not exceed the lesser of $40.0 million or 65% of the appraised value of
the collateral pledged for the loans. At September 30, 2016, the Company had a borrowing base of approximately $27.0 million, which
was the result of calculating 65% of the appraised value (where appraised value equals net operating liquidated value) of the Company s
collateral. At September 30, 2016, we had $9.6 million outstanding on the Term Loan and no outstanding balance on the Revolving
Loan. 

The Equipment-based Facility bears
interest at an initial fixed annual rate of 12%, which is subject to (i) a decrease of up to two percentage points based on the
Company's fixed charge coverage ratio for each of the most recently ended four quarters beginning with the four quarters ended
June 30, 2016; and (ii) an increase of two percentage points beginning December 31, 2015 based on the fixed charge coverage ratio
at the end of the following two quarters. There have been no interest rate changes during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016. Principal on the Term Loan is payable in 47 monthly installments (with accrued interest) with a final payment of the
then outstanding principal amount on May 29, 2019. Up to $5.0 million of the Term Loan may be prepaid in any year, but subject
to a pre-payment fee that declines as the Term Loan nears maturity. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
we prepaid $5 million of the Term Loan and paid $0.2 million in pre-payment fees. The outstanding Revolving Loan is payable in
full on May 29, 2019. 

The Equipment-based Facility is
secured by all of the Company's personal property, including all of its construction equipment, which forms the basis of availability
under the Revolving Loan. The Equipment-based Facility is also secured by specified equipment of the Company's 50%-owned affiliates,
Road and Highway Builders, LLC and Myers   Sons Construction, L.P. pursuant to a separate security agreement with those entities.
If a default occurs, Nations may exercise the Company's rights in the collateral, with all of the rights of a secured party under
the Uniform Commercial Code, including, among other things, the right to sell the collateral at public or private sale. 

The Company s Equipment-based Facility
has no financial covenants; however, it contains restrictions on the Company s ability to incur liens and encumbrances or
dispose of a material portion of assets or merge with a third party. 

Average borrowings under our Equipment-based
Facility for the Current Quarter and Current Period were $11.0 million and $21.1 million, respectively, and the largest amount
of borrowings was $31.6 million from January 5, 2016 to January 31, 2016. Average combined borrowings under the prior credit facility
and the Equipment-based Facility during the year ended December 31, 2015, were $25.9 million and the largest amount of borrowings
was under the Equipment-based Facility of $34.6 million from June 5, 2015 to June 30, 2015. 

Based on our average borrowings
for 2015 and our 2016 forecasted cash needs, we continue to believe that the Company has sufficient liquid financial resources
to fund our requirements for the next twelve months of operations, including our bonding requirements. Furthermore, the Company
is continually assessing ways to increase revenues and reduce costs to improve liquidity. However, in the event of a substantial
cash constraint and if we were unable to secure adequate debt financing, or we continue to incur losses, our working capital could
be materially and adversely affected. Refer to  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  in the 2015 Form 10-K for further discussion
of liquidity related risks. 

On May 9, 2016, the Company completed
an underwritten public offering of 5,175,000 shares of the Company s common stock, which included the full exercise of the
sole underwriter s over-allotment option, at a price to the public of $4.00 per share ($3.77 per share net of underwriting
discounts). The net proceeds from the offering of $19.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses,
were used for working capital, repayment of our indebtedness under the revolving loan portion of our Equipment-based Facility and
for general corporate purposes. 

Due to
the continuing improvement in our markets along with several large project wins during the Current Period, we will be exploring
additional capital alternatives to further strengthen our financial position in order to take advantage of this improving transportation
infrastructure market. This would include the potential sale of assets, businesses or equity, the favorable resolution of outstanding
contract claims, refinancing our Equipment-based Facility, or a combination thereof. We expect to use proceeds from these initiatives
to reduce a portion of our debt and for other working capital needs. 

Inflation   

Inflation generally has not had a material
impact on our financial results; however, from time to time, increases in oil, fuel and steel prices have affected our cost of
operations. Anticipated cost increases and reductions are considered in our bids to customers on proposed new construction projects. 

Where we are the successful bidder
on a project, we execute purchase orders with material suppliers and contracts with subcontractors covering the prices of most
materials and services, other than oil and fuel products, thereby mitigating future price increases and supply disruptions. These
purchase orders and contracts do not contain quantity guarantees and we have no obligation for materials and services beyond those
required to complete the contracts with our customers. There can be no assurance that increases in prices of oil and fuel used
in our business will be adequately covered by the estimated escalation we have included in our bids and there can be no assurance
that all of our vendors will fulfill their pricing and supply commitments under their purchase orders and contracts with the Company.
We adjust our total estimated costs on our projects when we believe it is probable that we will have cost increases which will
not be recovered from customers, vendors or re-engineering. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
and Joint Ventures    

We participate in various construction joint
ventures in order to share expertise, risk and resources for certain highly complex projects. The venture s contract with
the project owner typically requires joint and several liability among the joint venture partners. Although our agreements with
our joint venture partners provide that each party will assume and fund its share of any losses resulting from a project, if one
of our partners is unable to pay its share, we would be fully liable for such share under our contract with the project owner.
Circumstances that could lead to a loss under these guarantee arrangements include a partner s inability to contribute additional
funds to the venture in the event that the project incurs a loss or additional costs that we could incur should the partner fail
to provide the services and resources toward project completion that had been committed to in the joint venture agreement. 

At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $126 million of construction work to be completed on unconsolidated
construction joint venture contracts, of which $61 million represented our proportionate share. Due to the joint and several liability
under our joint venture arrangements, if one of our joint venture partners fails to perform, we and the remaining joint venture
partners would be responsible for completion of the outstanding work. As of September 30, 2016, we are not aware of any situation
that would require us to fulfill responsibilities of our joint venture partners pursuant to the joint and several liability provisions
under our contracts. 

Off-balance sheet arrangements related
to operating leases are discussed in  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations  Liquidity and Sources of Capital  Contractual Obligations  in our 2015 Form 10-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Changes in interest rates are one
of our sources of market risks. Outstanding indebtedness under our Equipment-based Facility does not bear interest at floating
rates, so our results from operations are not impacted from a change in interest rates. However, our interest rate could increase
by 2% based on our fixed charge coverage ratio as noted above in  Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Sources of Capital.  

See  Inflation  above
regarding risks associated with materials and fuel purchases required to complete our construction contracts. 

Item 4. Controls and
Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

Disclosure controls and procedures
include, but are not limited to, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer
in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers,
or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The Company s principal executive
officer and principal financial officer reviewed and evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer
and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at September
30, 2016 to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in this Report is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated
and communicated to the Company's management including the principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting   

There have been no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness
of Controls  

Internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal
control to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

We are now and may in the future
be involved as a party to various legal proceedings that are incidental to the ordinary course of business. We regularly analyze
current information about these proceedings and, as necessary, provide accruals for probable liabilities on the eventual disposition
of these matters. 

 In the opinion of management, after
consultation with legal counsel, there are currently no threatened or pending legal matters that would reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse impact on our condensed consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

There have not been any material
changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  of our 2015 Form 10-K. You should
carefully consider such risk factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. 

Item 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults upon
Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures 

The information concerning mine
safety violations and other regulatory matters required by section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated by
reference. 

Item 5. Other Information 

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit No.    Description 

31.1*    Certification of Paul J. Varello, Chief Executive Officer of Sterling Construction
Company, Inc. 

31.2*    Certification of Ronald A. Ballschmiede, Chief Financial Officer of Sterling Construction
Company, Inc. 

32*    Certification pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States
Code (18 U.S.C. 1350) of Paul J. Varello, Chief Executive Officer, and Ronald A. Ballschmiede, Chief Financial Officer 

101.SCH*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE*    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

________________ 

 * Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

STERLING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY, INC.   

Date: October 31, 2016 
     By:  /s/ Paul J. Varello   

Paul J. Varello  

Chief Executive Officer  

Date: October 31, 2016 
     By:  /s/ Ronald A. Ballschmiede   

Ronald A. Ballschmiede  

Chief Financial Officer  

STERLING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INC.  

  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for Period Ended September 30, 2016  

  Exhibit Index  

Exhibit No.  
       
      Description   

31.1* 
       
     Certification of Paul J. Varello, Chief Executive Officer of Sterling Construction Company, Inc.  

31.2* 
       
     Certification of Ronald A. Ballschmiede, Chief Financial Officer of Sterling Construction Company, Inc.  

32* 
       
     Certification pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350) of Paul J. Varello, Chief Executive Officer, and Ronald A. Ballschmiede, Chief Financial Officer.  

95.1* 
       
     Mine Safety Disclosure  

101.INS* 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

________________ 

 * Filed herewith. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

I, Paul J.
Varello, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sterling Construction Company, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors:   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October
31, 2016 

By: 
     /s/
Paul J. Varello  

Paul
J. Varello 

Chief
Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

I, Ronald
A. Ballschmiede, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sterling Construction Company, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors:   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October
31, 2016 

By: 
     /s/
Ronald A. Ballschmiede 

Ronald
A. Ballschmiede 

Chief
Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 exh_32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

Certification by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350  

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, each of the undersigned officers of Sterling Construction Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ),
does hereby certify that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the   Report  )
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
     October
31, 2016 
       
     /s/
Paul
J. Varello 

Paul
J. Varello 

Chief
Executive Officer 

Dated: 
     October
31, 2016 
       
     /s/
Ronald A. Ballschmiede 

Ronald
A. Ballschmiede 

Chief
Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-95.1>
 5
 exh_951.htm
 EXHIBIT 95.1

Exhibit 95.1  

We operate the following surface mine in Nevada
to produce construction aggregates: 

Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act requires domestic mine operators to disclose violations and orders issued under the Federal
Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the  Mine Act ) by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ). 

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, with respect to our mines: 

MSHA issued 10  citations for health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a serious injury if left unabated under  104 of the Mine Act. The fines related to these citations totaled $1,140.  The citation issues were all resolved during the three months ended September 30, 2016.    

MSHA did not issue any orders requiring persons to be withdrawn from the areas affected by any alleged violations of mandatory health or safety standards under Section 104(b) of the Mine Act.   

MSHA did not issue any citations and orders for an alleged unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under Section 104(d) of the Mine Act.   

MSHA did not identify any flagrant violations under Section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act.   

MSHA did not issue any imminent danger orders requiring immediate withdrawal from the affected areas under Section 107(a) of the Mine Act.   

We did not experience any mining-related fatalities.    

We did not receive written notice of a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards from MSHA under Section 104(e) of the Mine Act or written notice of the potential to have a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards from MSHA.    

There were no pending legal actions before
the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission related to the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 strl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 strl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 strl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 strl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 strl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 strl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

