<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_729986_0001193125-16-763903_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14130385</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231568</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>691779</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3703730</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6407152</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2680517</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>77</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-763903.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109102941
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-763903
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED BANKSHARES INC/WV
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000729986
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				550641179
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	002-86947
		FILM NUMBER:		161983060

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 UNITED CTR
		STREET 2:		500 VIRGINIA ST E
		CITY:			CHARLESTON
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			25301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3044248800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 UNITED CT
		STREET 2:		500 VIRGINIA ST E
		CITY:			CHARLESTON
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			25301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-763903.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d247166d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

    FORM 10-Q        UNITED STATES        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    
   Washington, D.C. 20549        
 
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016        OR        
 
   For the transition period from                to
                      Commission File Number: 0-13322
       United Bankshares, Inc.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

West Virginia   
     
   55-0641179    
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of   
   incorporation or organization)    
     
     (I.R.S. Employer       Identification No.)     

300 United Center       500 Virginia Street, East       Charleston, West Virginia    
     
   25301    
 
   (Address of principal executive offices)   
     
   Zip Code    
     Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (304) 424-8716    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.     Yes                No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).     Yes                No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:   

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
     
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      
  Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes          No               
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.
     Class - Common Stock, $2.50 Par Value;  76,454,858  shares outstanding as of  October 31, 2016 .   

Table of Contents  

    UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   FORM 10-Q    
     TABLE OF CONTENTS        

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

Item 1.    
     
     Financial Statements     

Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015    

4  

Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
 2016 and 2015    

5  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015    

7  

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Equity (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended
 September 30, 2016    

8  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30,
 2016 and 2015    

9  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    

10  

Item 2.    
     
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations    

55  

Item 3.    
     
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    

79  

Item 4.    
     
     Controls and Procedures    

81  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION      

Item 1.    
     
     Legal Proceedings    

82  

Item 1A.    
     
     Risk Factors    

82  

Item 2.    
     
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

82  

Item 3.    
     
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

83  

Item 4.    
     
     Mine Safety Disclosures    

83  

Item 5.    
     
     Other Information    

83  

Item 6.    
     
     Exhibits    

83  

Signatures     

84  

Exhibits Index     

85  

2   

Table of Contents  

       PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1.   
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)         The
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, consolidated balance sheets of United Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries ( United  or the  Company ), consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the related consolidated statement of changes in shareholders  equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the related condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the notes to consolidated financial statements appear on the following pages.   
         3   

Table of Contents  

      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    
   UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES        (Dollars in thousands, except par value)        
     See notes to consolidated unaudited financial statements.    
         4   

Table of Contents  

      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited)    
   UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES        (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)        
 
         5   

Table of Contents  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited)   continued
       UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES        (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)          

     See notes to consolidated unaudited financial statements    
         6   

Table of Contents  

      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited)
       UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES        (Dollars in thousands)        
     See notes to consolidated unaudited financial statements    
         7   

Table of Contents  

      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY
(Unaudited)        UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)        
     See notes to consolidated unaudited financial statements.    
         8   

Table of Contents  

      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)
       UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES        (Dollars in thousands)        
     See notes to consolidated unaudited financial statements  .    
         9   

Table of Contents  

      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited)
       UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES        1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES        Basis of Presentation    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of United Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries ( United  or  the
Company ) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles for interim financial information generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) and with the instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, the
financial statements do not contain all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The financial statements presented as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and for the three-month and
nine-month periods then ended have not been audited. The consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been extracted from the audited financial statements included in United s 2015 Annual Report to Shareholders. The accounting
and reporting policies followed in the presentation of these financial statements are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the 2015 Annual Report of United on Form 10-K. To conform to the 2016 presentation, certain reclassifications
have been made to prior period amounts, which had no impact on net income, comprehensive income, or stockholders  equity. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and results of
operations for the interim periods have been made. Such adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature.      The accompanying consolidated
interim financial statements include the accounts of United and its wholly owned subsidiaries. United considers all of its principal business activities to be bank related. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated
in the consolidated financial statements. Dollars are in thousands, except per share or unless otherwise noted.       Summary of New Accounting
Standards       In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15
amends ASC 230 to add and clarify guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows as a result of diversity in practice and in certain circumstances, financial statement restatements. Entities
should apply ASU 2016-15 using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. ASU 2016-15 is effective for United on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted, and management is currently evaluating the possible impact this
standard may have on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.      In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses.  ASU 2016-13 changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments that aren t measured at fair value through net income. The standard will replace
today s  incurred loss  approach with an  expected loss  model for instruments measured at amortized cost and require entities to record allowances for available-for-sale debt securities rather than reduce the carrying
amount under the current other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) model. ASU 2016-13 also simplifies the accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a
cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. ASU 2016-13 is effective for United on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted, and management is
currently evaluating the possible impact this standard may have on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.      In March
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU 2016-09 will change certain aspects of accounting for share-based
  
         10   

Table of Contents  

payments to employees. The new guidance will, amongst other things, require all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. It also
will allow an employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares than it can today for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. ASU 2016-09 is
effective for United on January 1, 2017, and management is currently evaluating the possible impact this standard may have on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.   
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . ASU 2016-02 includes a lessee accounting model that recognizes two types
of leases, finance leases and operating leases, while lessor accounting will remain largely unchanged from the current GAAP. ASU 2016-02 requires, amongst other things, that a lessee recognize on the balance sheet a right-of-use asset and a lease
liability for leases with terms of more than twelve months. The recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. ASU 2016-02 is
effective for United on January 1, 2019 and management is currently evaluating the possible impact this standard may have on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.   
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities.  ASU 2016-01 makes changes to the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities, the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value under the fair value option and
disclosure of fair value of instruments. In addition, ASU 2016-01 clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. ASU
2016-01 is effective for United on January 1, 2018 and is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.      In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  associated with a business combination, as part of its simplification initiative.
ASU 2015-16 requires an acquirer to  recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined.  In addition, the acquirer must
record, in the financial statements for the same period,  the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effect, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had
been completed at the acquisition date.  Entities must also  present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in the current-period earnings by line item that would have
been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amount had been recognized as of the acquisition date.  ASU 2015-16 was effective for United on January 1, 2016 and did not have a significant impact on the
Company s financial condition or results of operations.      In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07,  Disclosures for Investment in
Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent), a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force.  ASU 2015-07 modifies certain provisions of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value
Measurement (ASC 820). ASU 2015-07 eliminates the requirement to categorize investments in the fair value hierarchy if an investment s fair value is measured based on net asset value (NAV) per share (or its equivalent) using the practical
expedient. The reporting entities will no longer be required to provide the related fair value disclosures for these securities but instead, will be required to disclose information to help users understand the nature of the investments as well as
risks, including whether it is probable that the amount realized on the sale of the investments would differ from net asset value. ASU 2015-07 was effective for United on January 1, 2016 and did not have a significant impact on the
Company s financial condition or results of operations.      In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-04,  Compensation   Retirement
Benefits: Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets.  ASU 2015-04 gives an employer whose fiscal year-end does not coincide with a calendar month-end the ability, as a
practical expedient, to measure   
         11   

Table of Contents  

defined benefit retirement obligations and related plan assets as of the month-end that is closest to its fiscal year-end. ASU 2015-04 also provides guidance on accounting for contributions to
the plan and significant events that require a remeasurement that occur during the period between a month-end measurement and the employer s fiscal year-end. ASU 2015-04 was effective for United on January 1, 2016 and did not have a
significant impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.      In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,
 Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  Under ASU 2015-03, debt issuance costs are required to be presented as a direct deduction of debt balances on the statement of financial condition, similar to the presentation of debt
discounts. ASU 2015-03 is limited to simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs and does not change the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. ASU 2015-03 was effective for United on January 1, 2016 and did not
have a significant impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.      In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,
 Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  ASU 2015-02 improves targeted areas of the consolidation guidance and reduces the number of consolidation models. The new consolidation standard eliminates the deferral of FAS 167 and makes
changes to both the variable interest model and the voting model in ASC 810. ASU 2015-02 affects all entities, could change consolidation conclusions and may trigger additional disclosures. ASU 2015-02 was effective for United on January 1,
2016 and did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.      In January 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-01,  Income Statement, Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20).  ASU 2015-01 eliminates the separate presentation of extraordinary items but does not change the requirement to disclose material items that are
unusual or infrequent in nature. Eliminating the concept of extraordinary items will allow entities to no longer have to assess whether a particular event or transaction is both unusual in nature and infrequent in occurrence. ASU 2015-01 was
effective for United on January 1, 2016 and did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.      In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,  Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service
Period.  ASU 2014-12 amends the guidance in FASB ASC 718,  Compensation-Stock Compensation , to bring consistency to the accounting for share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target to be achieved in order for
employees to become eligible to vest in the awards. The amendments affect all entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the
requisite service period. ASU 2014-12 was effective for United on January 1, 2016 and did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.   
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition , and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Accounting Standards Codification. The amendments require an entity to recognize revenue upon the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. The new revenue recognition standard sets forth a five step
principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. In April 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one-year for both public and private companies, and gave both public and private companies the option to
 early  adopt using the original effective dates. ASU 2014-09 now will be effective for United on January 1, 2018 with early adoption permitted on January 1, 2017. Management is currently evaluating this guidance to determine the
impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.   
         12   

Table of Contents  

    2. MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS        Cardinal Financial Corporation       On August 17, 2016, United entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Reorganization (the Agreement) with Cardinal Financial Corporation (Cardinal), a Virginia corporation headquartered in Tysons Corner, Virginia. In accordance with the Agreement, Cardinal will merge with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary
of United (the Merger). At the effective time of the Merger, Cardinal will cease to exist and the wholly-owned subsidiary of United shall survive and continue to exist as a Virginia corporation.   
  The Agreement provides that at the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of common stock of Cardinal will be converted into the right to
receive 0.71 shares of United common stock, par value $2.50 per share, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares.      Pursuant to the Agreement, at
the effective time of the Merger, shares of Cardinal restricted stock that were unvested prior to the Merger will vest upon the Merger under the terms of the restricted stock agreements and convert into the right to receive 0.71 shares of United
common stock, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. Also under the terms of the merger agreement, outstanding Cardinal stock options, whether vested or not, will convert into fully vested and exercisable stock options with respect to shares of
United s common stock, with appropriate adjustments to reflect the exchange ratio.      After the effective time of the Merger, Cardinal
Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cardinal, will merge with and into United Bank, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of United (the Bank Merger). United Bank will survive the Bank Merger and continue to exist as a Virginia banking corporation.
     The acquisition of Cardinal will afford United the opportunity to significantly enhance its existing footprint in the Washington, D.C.
Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of September 30, 2016, Cardinal had $4,219,648 in assets with 30 banking offices throughout the Washington D.C. Metropolitan region. Cardinal also operates George Mason Mortgage, LLC, a residential mortgage
lending company based in Fairfax, Virginia with offices located in Virginia, Maryland and the District of Columbia; and Cardinal Wealth Services Inc.       Bank of Georgetown       After the close of business on June 3, 2016 (Acquisition Date),
United acquired 100% of the outstanding common stock of Bank of Georgetown, a privately held community bank headquartered in Washington, D.C. With this transaction, United continues to expand its existing footprint in the D.C. Metro Region. The
results of operations of Bank of Georgetown are included in the consolidated results of operations from the Acquisition Date.      At
consummation, Bank of Georgetown had assets of $1,278,837 loans of $999,773 and deposits of $971,369. The transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and accordingly, assets acquired, liabilities assumed and
consideration exchanged were recorded at estimated fair value on the Acquisition Date.      The aggregate purchase price was approximately
$264,505, including common stock valued at $253,799, stock options assumed valued at $10,696, and cash paid for fractional shares of $10. The number of shares issued in the transaction was 6,527,746, which were valued based on the closing market
price of $38.88 for United s common shares on June 3, 2016. The preliminary purchase price has been allocated to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets resulting in preliminary additions to goodwill and core deposit intangibles of
$156,389 and $9,058, respectively. The core deposit intangibles are expected to be amortized over ten years.   
         13   

Table of Contents  

   Because the consideration paid was greater than the net fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities,
the Company recorded goodwill as part of the acquisition. None of the goodwill from the Bank of Georgetown acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. United used an independent third party to help determine the fair values of the
assets and liabilities acquired from the Bank of Georgetown. As a result of the merger, United recorded downward fair value adjustments of $41,745 on the loans acquired and $1,550 on leasehold improvements, respectively, a premium on
interest-bearing deposits acquired of $316 and a premium on long-term FHLB advances of $2,659. The remaining discount and premium amounts are being amortized or accreted on an accelerated basis over each asset s or liability s estimated
remaining life at the time of acquisition. At September 30, 2016, the premium on the interest-bearing deposits and the FHLB advances had an estimated remaining life of 1.33 years and 8.92 years, respectively. United assumed approximately $300
of liabilities to provide severance benefits to terminated employees of Bank of Georgetown, which has no remaining balance as of September 30, 2016. The estimated fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including
identifiable intangible assets are preliminary as of September 30, 2016 and are subject to refinement as additional information relative to closing date fair values becomes available. Any subsequent adjustments to the fair values of acquired
assets and liabilities assumed, identifiable intangible assets, or other purchase accounting adjustments will result in adjustments to goodwill within the first 12 months following the date of acquisition.   
  In many cases, determining the estimated fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities required United to estimate cash flows expected to
result from those assets and liabilities and to discount those cash flows at appropriate rates of interest. The most significant of those determinations related to the fair valuation of acquired loans. The fair value of the acquired loans was based
on the present value of the expected cash flows. Periodic principal and interest cash flows were adjusted for expected losses and prepayments, then discounted to determine the present value and summed to arrive at the estimated fair value. For such
loans, the excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value is recognized as interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. The difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows
expected to be collected at acquisition reflects the impact of estimated credit losses and other factors, such as prepayments. In accordance with GAAP, there was no carry-over of Bank of Georgetown s previously established allowance for loan
losses.      The acquired loans were divided into loans with evidence of credit quality deterioration, which are accounted for under ASC topic
310-30 (acquired impaired) and loans that do not meet this criteria, which are accounted for under ASC topic 310-20 (acquired performing). Acquired impaired loans have experienced a deterioration of credit quality from origination to acquisition for
which it is probable that United will be unable to collect all contractually required payments receivable, including both principal and interest. Subsequent decreases in the expected cash flows require United to evaluate the need for additions to
the Company s allowance for credit losses. Subsequent improvements in expected cash flows generally result in the recognition of additional interest income over the then remaining lives of the loans.   
  In conjunction with the Bank of Georgetown merger, the acquired loan portfolio was accounted for at fair value as follows:   
   
    Included in the above table is information related to acquired impaired loans. Specifically, contractually required
principal and interest, cash flows expected to be collected and estimated fair value of acquired impaired loans were $138,125, $117,564, and $95,570, respectively.   
         14   

Table of Contents  

   The consideration paid for Bank of Georgetown s common equity and the expected fair value of acquired
identifiable assets and liabilities assumed as of the Acquisition Date were as follows:       
    The operating results of United for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 include operating results of acquired
assets and assumed liabilities subsequent to the Acquisition Date. The operations of United s metropolitan Washington D.C. geographic area, which primarily includes the acquired operations of Bank of Georgetown, provided $67,570 in total
revenues, which represents net interest income plus other income, and $33,326 in net income from the period from the Acquisition Date to September 30, 2016. These amounts are included in United s consolidated financial statements as of and
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Bank of Georgetown s results of operations prior to the Acquisition Date are not included in United s consolidated financial statements.   
  The following table presents certain unaudited pro forma information for the results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, as if the Bank of Georgetown merger had occurred on January 1, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These results combine the historical results of Bank of Georgetown into United s consolidated statement of income and, while certain
adjustments were made for the estimated impact of certain fair value adjustments and other acquisition-related activity including merger-related expenses of $5,609 for the first nine months of 2016, they are not indicative of what would have
occurred had the acquisition taken place on the indicated date nor are they intended to represent or be indicative of future results of operations. In particular, no adjustments have been made to eliminate the amount of Bank of Georgetown s
provision for credit losses for 2016 and 2015 that may not have been necessary had the acquired loans been recorded at fair value as of the beginning of 2016 and 2015. Additionally, United expects to achieve operating cost savings and other business
synergies as a result of the acquisition which are not reflected in the pro forma amounts.       

(1)      
    Represents net interest income plus other income      
         15   

Table of Contents  

    3. INVESTMENT SECURITIES       Securities held for indefinite periods of time and all marketable equity securities are classified as available for sale and carried at estimated fair value. The amortized cost and estimated fair values
of securities available for sale are summarized as follows.       

(1)  
  Non-credit related other-than-temporary impairment in accumulated other comprehensive income. Amounts are before-tax.     
         16   

Table of Contents  

   The following is a summary of securities available-for-sale which were in an unrealized loss position at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.       
    Marketable equity securities consist mainly of equity securities of financial institutions and mutual funds within a
rabbi trust for the payment of benefits under a deferred compensation plan for certain key officers of United and its subsidiaries. The following table shows the proceeds from maturities, sales and calls of available for sale securities and the
gross realized gains and losses on sales and calls of those securities that have been included in earnings as a result of those sales and calls. Gains or losses on sales and calls of available for sale securities were recognized by the
  
         17   

Table of Contents  

specific identification method. The realized losses relate to sales of securities within a rabbi trust for the payment of benefits under a deferred compensation plan for certain key officers of
United and its subsidiaries.       
    At September 30, 2016, gross unrealized losses on available for sale securities were $20,802 on 124 securities of a
total portfolio of 606 available for sale securities. Securities in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 consisted primarily of pooled trust preferred collateralized debt obligations (Trup Cdos) and single issue trust preferred
securities. The Trup Cdos and the single issue trust preferred securities relate mainly to securities of financial institutions. In determining whether or not a security is other-than-temporarily impaired (OTTI), management considered the severity
and the duration of the loss in conjunction with United s positive intent and the more likely than not ability to hold these securities to recovery of their cost basis or maturity.       Agency mortgage-backed securities       United s agency mortgage-backed securities
portfolio relates to securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae. The total amortized cost of available for sale agency mortgage securities was $869,532 at September 30, 2016. Of the $869,532, $295,125 was related to agency
commercial mortgage securities and $574,407 was related to agency residential mortgage securities. Each of the agency mortgage securities provides a guarantee of full and timely payments of principal and interest by the issuing agency. Based upon
management s analysis and judgment, it was determined that none of the agency mortgage-backed securities were other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016.       Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities       United s non-agency residential
mortgage-backed securities portfolio relates to securities of various private label issuers. The Company has no exposure to real estate investment trusts (REITS) in its investment portfolio. The total amortized cost of available for sale non-agency
residential mortgage-backed securities was $7,136 at September 30, 2016. Of the $7,136, $1,298 was rated above investment grade and $5,838 was rated below investment grade. Approximately 26% of the portfolio includes collateral that was
originated during the year of 2005 or before. The remaining 74% includes collateral that was originated in the years of 2006 and 2007. The entire portfolio of the non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities is either the senior or super-senior
tranches of their respective structure. In determining whether or not the non-agency mortgage-backed securities are other-than-temporarily impaired, management performs an in-depth analysis on each non-agency residential mortgage-backed security on
a quarterly basis. The analysis includes a review of the following factors: weighted average loan to value, weighted average maturity, average FICO scores, historical collateral performance, geographic concentration, credit subordination,
cross-collateralization, coverage ratios, origination year, full documentation percentage, event risk (repricing), and collateral type. Management completes a quarterly stress test to determine the level of loss protection remaining in each
individual security and compares the protection remaining to the future expected performance of the underlying collateral. Additionally, management utilizes a third-party cash flow model to perform a cash flow test for each bond below investment
grade. The model produces a bond specific set of cash flows based upon assumptions input by management. The input assumptions that are incorporated include the projected constant default rate (CDR) of the underlying mortgages, the loss severity upon
default, and the prepayment rate on the underlying mortgage collateral. CDR and loss severities are forecasted by management after full evaluation of the underlying collateral including recent performance statistics. Therefore, based upon
management s analysis and judgment, there was no additional credit-related or noncredit-related other-than-temporary impairment recognized on the non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities at September 30, 2016.   
         18   

Table of Contents  

    Single issue trust preferred securities       The majority of United s single-issue trust preferred portfolio consists of obligations from large cap banks (i.e. banks with market capitalization in excess of $10 billion). Management reviews each
issuer s current and projected earnings trends, asset quality, capitalization levels, and other key factors. Upon completing the review for the third quarter of 2016, it was determined that none of the single issue securities were
other-than-temporarily impaired. All single-issue trust preferred securities are currently receiving interest payments. The available for sale single issue trust preferred securities  ratings ranged from a low of Ba1 to a high of BBB-. The
amortized cost of available for sale single issue trust preferred securities as of September 30, 2016 consisted of $3,007 in investment grade bonds, $4,651 in split-rated bonds and $5,693 in unrated bonds. All of the unrated bonds were in an
unrealized loss position for twelve months or longer as of September 30, 2016.       Trust preferred collateralized debt obligations (Trup
Cdos)       In order to determine how and when the Company recognizes OTTI, the Company first assesses its intentions regarding any sale of
securities as well as the likelihood that it would be required to sell prior to recovery of the amortized cost. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has determined that it does not intend to sell any pooled trust preferred security and that it
is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell such securities before recovery of their amortized cost.      To determine a
net realizable value and assess whether other-than-temporary impairment existed, management performed detailed cash flow analysis to determine whether, in management s judgment, it was more likely that United would not recover the entire
amortized cost basis of the security. The Company discounts the security-specific cash flow projection at the security-specific interest rate and compares the present value to the amortized cost. Management s cash flow analysis was performed
for each security and considered the current deferrals and defaults within the underlying collateral, the likelihood that current deferrals would cure or ultimately default, potential future deferrals and defaults, potential prepayments, cash
reserves, excess interest spread, credit analysis of the underlying collateral and the priority of payments in the cash flow structure. The underlying collateral analysis for each issuer took into consideration multiple factors including capital
adequacy, earnings trends and asset quality. After completing its analysis of estimated cash flows, management determined that none of the Trup Cdos experienced an adverse change in cash flows during the third quarter of 2016, as the expected
discounted cash flows from these particular securities were greater than or equal to the discounted cash flows originally expected at purchase or from the previous date of other-than-temporary impairment (cash flows are discounted at the contractual
coupon rate for purposes of assessing OTTI).      There was no credit-related other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings for the third
quarter of 2016 related to these securities. The total credit-related other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings during 2015 related to these securities was $34. The balance of noncredit-related other-than-temporary impairment recognized
on United s Trup Cdo portfolio was $25,952 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      The amortized cost of available for
sale Trup Cdos in an unrealized loss position for twelve months or longer as of September 30, 2016 consisted of $4,438 in investment grade bonds and $40,549 in below investment grade bonds.   
         19   

Table of Contents  

   The following is a summary of the available for sale Trup Cdos as of September 30, 2016:   
   
    While a large difference remains between the fair value and amortized cost, the Company believes the remaining unrealized
losses are related to the illiquid market for Trup Cdos rather than an adverse change in expected cash flows. The expected future cash flow substantiates the return of the remaining amortized cost of the security. The Company believes the following
evidence supports the position that the remaining unrealized loss is related to the illiquid market for Trup Cdos:       

The secondary market for Trup Cdos ultimately became illiquid and although the market has improved, trading activity remains limited on these
securities. In making this determination, the Company holds discussions with institutional traders to identify trends in the number and type of transactions related to the Trup Cdos.      

The presence of a below-investment grade rating severely limits the pool of available buyers and contributes to the illiquidity of the market.

Trup Cdos have a more complex structure than most debt instruments, making projections of tranche returns difficult for non-specialists in the product.
Deferral features available to the underlying issuers within each pool are unique to these securities. Additionally, it can be difficult for market participants to predict whether deferrals will ultimately cure or ultimately default. Due to the lack
of transparency, market participants will require a higher risk premium, thus resulting in higher required discount rates.          

The variability of cash flows at the time the securities were originated was expected to be very limited. Due to the financial crisis, Trup Cdos have
experienced more substantive variability of cash flows compared to expectations, resulting in a higher risk premium when evaluating discount rates.          

The limited, yet relevant, observable inputs indicate that market yield requirements for Trup Cdos, on a credit-adjusted basis, remained very high
relative to discount rates at purchase and compared to other similarly rated debt securities.         Management also considered
the ratings of the Company s bonds in its portfolio and the extent of downgrades in United s impairment analysis. However, management considered it imperative to independently perform its own credit analysis based on cash flows as
described. The ratings of the investment grade Trup Cdos in the table above range from a low of AA to a high of Aaa. The below investment grade Trup Cdos range from a low of C to a high of Ba1.   
  On the Trup Cdos that have not been deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, the collateralization ratios range from a low of 103.4% to a high of
359.0%, with a median of 158.6%, and a weighted average of 235.6%. The collateralization ratio is defined as the current performing collateral in a security, divided by the current balance of the specific tranche the Company owns, plus any debt
which is senior or pari passu with the Company s security s priority level. Performing collateral excludes the balance of any issuer that has either defaulted or has deferred its interest payment. It is not uncommon for the
collateralization of a security that is not other-than-temporarily impaired to be less than 100% due to the excess spread built into the securitization structure.   
         20   

Table of Contents  

   Except for the debt securities that have already been deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired,
management does not believe any other individual security with an unrealized loss as of September 30, 2016 is other-than-temporarily impaired. For these securities, United believes the decline in value resulted from changes in market interest
rates, credit spreads and liquidity, not a change in the expected contractual cash flows. Based on a review of each of the securities in the investment portfolio, management concluded that it expected to recover the amortized cost basis of the
investment in such securities.       Equity securities       The amortized cost of United s equity securities was $6,427 at September 30, 2016. For equity securities, management has evaluated the near-term prospects of the investment in relation to the
severity and duration of any impairment and based on that evaluation, management determined that no equity securities were other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016.       Other investment securities (cost method)       During the third quarter of 2016, United also
evaluated all of its cost method investments to determine if certain events or changes in circumstances during the third quarter of 2016 had a significant adverse effect on the fair value of any of its cost method securities. United determined that
there were no events or changes in circumstances during the third quarter which would have an adverse effect on the fair value of any of its cost method securities. Therefore, no impairment was recorded.   
  Below is a progression of the credit losses on securities which United has recorded other-than-temporary charges. These charges were recorded through
earnings and other comprehensive income.       
    The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities available for sale at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 by contractual maturity are shown as follows. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because the issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations without penalties.   

21   

Table of Contents  

   The amortized cost and estimated fair values of securities held to maturity are summarized as follows:
      
    Even though the market value of the held-to-maturity investment portfolio is less than its cost, the unrealized loss has
no impact on the net worth or regulatory capital requirements of United. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s two largest held-to-maturity single-issue trust preferred exposures were to Wells Fargo ($9,920) and SunTrust Bank ($7,415).
The two held-to-maturity single-issue trust preferred exposures with at least one rating below investment grade included SunTrust Bank ($7,415) and Royal Bank of Scotland ($975). Other corporate securities consist mainly of bonds of corporations.
     There were no gross realized gains or losses on calls and sales of held to maturity securities included in earnings for the third quarter and
first nine months of 2016 and 2015.   
         22   

Table of Contents  

   The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities held to maturity at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because the issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations without penalties.   
   
    The carrying value of securities pledged to secure public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and
for other purposes as required or permitted by law, approximated $1,244,866 and $986,982 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.       4. LOANS       Major classes of loans are as follows:   
   
    The table above does not include loans held for sale of $10,957 and $10,681 at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. Loans held for sale consist of single-family residential real estate loans originated for sale in the secondary market.      The outstanding balances in the table above include acquired impaired loans with a recorded investment of $195,878 or 1.87% of total gross loans at September 30, 2016 and $148,197 or 1.58% of total
gross loans at December 31, 2015. The contractual principal in these acquired impaired loans was $261,750 and $208,765 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The impaired loan balances above do not include future
accretable net interest (i.e. the difference between the undiscounted expected cash flows and the recorded investment in the loan) on the acquired impaired loans.      Activity for the accretable yield for the first nine months of 2016 follows:       
    United s subsidiary banks have made loans to the directors and officers of United and its subsidiaries, and to their
affiliates. The aggregate dollar amount of these loans was $286,859 and $241,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   
         23   

Table of Contents  

    5. CREDIT QUALITY       Management monitors the credit quality of its loans on an ongoing basis. Measurement of delinquency and past due status are based on the contractual terms of each loan.   
  For all loan classes, past due loans are reviewed on a monthly basis to identify loans for nonaccrual status. Generally, when collection in full of the
principal and interest is jeopardized, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status. The accrual of interest income on commercial and most consumer loans generally is discontinued when a loan becomes 90 to 120 days past due as to principal or interest.
However, regardless of delinquency status, if a loan is fully secured and in the process of collection and resolution of collection is expected in the near term (generally less than 90 days), then the loan will not be placed on nonaccrual status.
When interest accruals are discontinued, unpaid interest recognized in income in the current year is reversed, and unpaid interest accrued in prior years is charged to the allowance for loan losses. United s method of income recognition for
loans that are classified as nonaccrual is to recognize interest income on a cash basis or apply the cash receipt to principal when the ultimate collectibility of principal is in doubt. Nonaccrual loans will not normally be returned to accrual
status unless all past due principal and interest has been paid and the borrower has evidenced their ability to meet the contractual provisions of the note.      A loan is categorized as a troubled debt restructuring (TDR) if a concession is granted and there is deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower. TDRs can take the form of a reduction of the
stated interest rate, splitting a loan into separate loans with market terms on one loan and concessionary terms on the other loan, receipts of assets from a debtor in partial or full satisfaction of a loan, the extension of the maturity date or
dates at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk, the reduction of the face amount or maturity amount of the debt as stated in the instrument or other agreement, the reduction of accrued interest or
any other concessionary type of renegotiated debt. As of September 30, 2016, United had TDRs of $21,308 as compared to $23,890 as of December 31, 2015. Of the $21,308 aggregate balance of TDRs at September 30, 2016, $10,697 was on
nonaccrual status and included in the  Loans on Nonaccrual Status  on the following page. Of the $23,890 aggregate balance of TDRs at December 31, 2015, $11,949 was on nonaccrual status and included in the  Loans on Nonaccrual
Status  on the following page. As of September 30, 2016, there were no commitments to lend additional funds to debtors owing receivables whose terms have been modified in TDRs. At September 30, 2016, United had restructured loans in
the amount of $2,694 that were modified by a reduction in the interest rate, $6,009 that were modified by a combination of a reduction in the interest rate and the principal and $12,605 that was modified by a change in terms.   
  A loan acquired and accounted for under ASC topic 310-30  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality  is reported as
an accruing loan and a performing asset.      The following table sets forth United s troubled debt restructurings that have been
restructured during the three months ended September 30, 2016, segregated by class of loans. No loans were restructured during the third quarter of 2015.       
 
         24   

Table of Contents  

   The following table sets forth United s troubled debt restructurings that have been restructured during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, segregated by class of loans:       
    During the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, $110 and $2,909, respectively, of restructured loans were
modified by a change in loan terms. In addition, during the first nine months of 2016, $1,400 of restructured loans were modified by a combination of a reduction in the interest rate and an extension of the maturity date. During the first nine
months of 2015, restructured loans of $887 were modified by a combination of a reduction in the interest rate and an extension of the maturity date. In some instances, the post-modification balance on the restructured loans is larger than the
pre-modification balance due to the advancement of monies for items such as delinquent taxes on real estate property. The loans were evaluated individually for allocation within United s allowance for loan losses. The modifications had an
immaterial impact on the financial condition and results of operations for United.      The following table presents troubled debt restructurings,
by class of loan, that had charge-offs during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the time periods indicated, the loan s principal was reduced through a charge-off to the value of the underlying collateral. No
loans restructured during the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2015 subsequently defaulted, resulting in a principal charge-off during the three months ended and first nine months of 2015.   

25   

Table of Contents  

   The following table sets forth United s age analysis of its past due loans, segregated by class of
loans:       Age Analysis of Past Due Loans        As of September 30, 2016        

(1)  
  Current   Other includes loans with a recorded investment of $195,878 acquired and accounted for under ASC topic 310-30  Loans and Debt Securities
Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality .         Age Analysis of Past Due Loans    
   As of December 31, 2015        

(1)  
  Current   Other includes loans with a recorded investment of $148,197 acquired and accounted for under ASC topic 310-30  Loans and Debt Securities
Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality .     
         26   

Table of Contents  

   The following table sets forth United s nonaccrual loans, segregated by class of loans:   
   Loans on Nonaccrual Status        
    United assigns credit quality indicators of pass, special mention, substandard and doubtful to its loans. For
United s loans with a corporate credit exposure, United internally assigns a grade based on the creditworthiness of the borrower. For loans with a consumer credit exposure, United internally assigns a grade based upon an individual loan s
delinquency status. United reviews and updates, as necessary, these grades on a quarterly basis.      Special mention loans, with a corporate
credit exposure, have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loans or in the Company s credit position
at some future date. Borrowers may be experiencing adverse operating trends (declining revenues or margins) or an ill proportioned balance sheet (e.g., increasing inventory without an increase in sales, high leverage, tight liquidity). Adverse
economic or market conditions, such as interest rate increases or the entry of a new competitor, may also support a special mention rating. Nonfinancial reasons for rating a credit exposure special mention include management problems, pending
litigation, an ineffective loan agreement or other material structural weakness, and any other significant deviation from prudent lending practices. For loans with a consumer credit exposure, loans that are past due 30-89 days are considered special
mention.      A substandard loan with a corporate credit exposure is inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the
obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt by the borrower. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will
sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. They require more intensive supervision by management. Substandard loans are generally characterized by current or expected unprofitable operations, inadequate debt service coverage,
inadequate liquidity, or marginal capitalization. Repayment may depend on collateral or other credit risk mitigants. For some substandard loans, the likelihood of full collection of interest and principal may be in doubt and thus, placed on
nonaccrual. For loans with a consumer credit exposure, loans that are 90 days or more past due or that have been placed on nonaccrual are considered substandard.      A loan with corporate credit exposure is classified as doubtful if it has all the weaknesses inherent in one classified as substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection in
full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. A doubtful loan has a high probability of total or substantial loss, but because of specific pending events that may strengthen the loan, its
classification as loss is deferred. Doubtful borrowers are usually in default, lack adequate liquidity or capital, and lack the resources necessary to remain an operating entity. Pending events can include mergers, acquisitions, liquidations,
capital injections, the perfection of liens on additional collateral, the valuation of collateral, and refinancing. Generally, there are not any loans with a consumer credit exposure that are classified as doubtful. Usually, they are charged-off
prior to such a classification. Loans classified as doubtful are also considered impaired.   
         27   

Table of Contents  

   The following tables set forth United s credit quality indicators information, by class of loans:
      Credit Quality Indicators        Corporate Credit Exposure        
     Credit Quality Indicators       Consumer Credit Exposure       
     
    Loans are designated as impaired when, in the opinion of management, based on current information and events, the
collection of principal and interest in accordance with the loan contract is doubtful. Typically, United does not consider loans for impairment unless a sustained period of delinquency (i.e. 90 days or more) is noted or there are subsequent events
that impact repayment probability (i.e. negative financial trends, bankruptcy filings, eminent   
         28   

Table of Contents  

foreclosure proceedings, etc.). Impairment is evaluated in total for smaller-balance loans of a similar nature and on an individual loan basis for other loans. Consistent with United s
existing method of income recognition for loans, interest on impaired loans, except those classified as nonaccrual, is recognized as income using the accrual method. Impaired loans, or portions thereof, are charged off when deemed uncollectible.
     The following table sets forth United s impaired loans information, by class of loans:   

29   

Table of Contents  

30   

Table of Contents  

   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, other real estate owned (OREO) included in other
assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets was $32,202 and $32,228, respectively. OREO consists of real estate acquired in foreclosure or other settlement of loans. Such assets are carried at the lower of the investment in the assets or the fair
value of the assets less estimated selling costs. Any adjustment to the fair value at the date of transfer is charged against the allowance for loan losses. Any subsequent valuation adjustments as well as any costs relating to operating, holding or
disposing of the property are recorded in other expense in the period incurred. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the recorded investment of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal
foreclosure proceedings are in process was $600 and $234, respectively.       6. ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES    
  The allowance for loan losses is management s estimate of the probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Management s evaluation of
the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses and the appropriate provision for credit losses is based upon a quarterly evaluation of the portfolio. This evaluation is inherently subjective and requires significant estimates, including the amounts
and timing of estimated future cash flows, estimated losses on pools of loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of current economic trends, all of which are susceptible to constant and significant change. The amounts allocated
to specific credits and loan pools grouped by similar risk characteristics are reviewed on a quarterly basis and adjusted as necessary based upon subsequent changes in circumstances. In determining the components of the allowance for credit losses,
management considers the risk arising in part from, but not limited to, charge-off and delinquency trends, current economic and business conditions, lending policies and procedures, the size and risk characteristics of the loan portfolio,
concentrations of credit, and other various factors. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, while recoveries of previously charged-off amounts are credited to the allowance for loan losses.   
  For purposes of determining the general allowance, the loan portfolio is segregated by loan product type to recognize differing risk profiles among loan
categories. It is further segregated by credit grade for risk-rated loan pools and delinquency for homogeneous loan pools. The outstanding principal balance within each pool is multiplied by historical loss data and certain qualitative factors to
derive the general loss allocation per pool. Specific loss allocations are calculated for loans in excess of $500 thousand in accordance with ASC topic 310. Risk characteristics of owner-occupied commercial real estate loans and other commercial
loans are similar in that they are normally dependent upon the borrower s internal cash flow from operations to service debt. Nonowner-occupied commercial real estate loans differ in that cash flow to service debt is normally dependent on
external income from third parties for use of the real estate such as rents, leases and room rates. Residential real estate loans are dependent upon individual borrowers who are affected by changes in general economic conditions, demand for housing
and resulting residential real estate valuation. Construction and land development loans are impacted mainly by demand whether for new residential housing or for retail, industrial, office and other types of commercial construction within a given
area. Consumer loan pool risk characteristics are influenced by general, regional and local economic conditions. During the first nine months of 2016, there were no material changes to the accounting policy or methodology related to the allowance
for loan losses.      Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, while recoveries of previously
charged-off amounts are credited to the allowance for loan losses. For commercial loans, when a loan or a portion of a loan is identified to contain a loss, a charge-off recommendation is directed to management to charge-off all or a
  
         31   

Table of Contents  

portion of that loan. Generally, any unsecured commercial loan more than six months delinquent in payment of interest must be charged-off in full. If secured, the charge-off is generally made to
reduce the loan balance to a level equal to the liquidation value of the collateral when payment of principal and interest is six months delinquent. Any commercial loan, secured or unsecured, on which a principal or interest payment has not been
made within 90 days, is reviewed monthly for appropriate action.      For consumer loans, closed-end retail loans that are past due 120 cumulative
days delinquent from the contractual due date and open-end loans 180 cumulative days delinquent from the contractual due date are charged-off. Any consumer loan on which a principal or interest payment has not been made within 90 days is reviewed
monthly for appropriate action. For a one-to-four family open-end or closed-end residential real estate loan, home equity loan, or high-loan-to-value loan that has reached 180 or more days past due, management evaluates the collateral position and
charge-offs any amount that exceeds the value of the collateral. On retail credits for which the borrower is in bankruptcy, all amounts deemed unrecoverable are charged off within 60 days of the receipt of the notification. On retail credits
effected by fraud, a loan is charged-off within 90 days of the discovery of the fraud. In the event of the borrower s death and if repayment within the required timeframe is uncertain, the loan is generally charged-off as soon as the amount of
the loss is determined.      For loans acquired through the completion of a transfer, including loans acquired in a business combination, that
have evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and for which it is probable, at acquisition, that United will be unable to collect all contractually required payment receivable are initially recorded at fair value (as determined
by the present value of expected future cash flows) with no valuation allowance. The difference between the undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition and the investment in the loan, or the  accretable yield,  is recognized as
interest income on a level-yield method over the life of the loan. Contractually required payments for interest and principal that exceed the undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition, or the  nonaccretable difference,  are not
recognized as a yield adjustment or as a loss accrual or a valuation allowance. Increases in expected cash flows subsequent to the initial investment are recognized prospectively through adjustment of the yield on the loan over its remaining life.
Decreases in expected cash flows are recognized as impairment. Valuation allowances on these impaired loans reflect only losses incurred after the acquisition (meaning the present value of all cash flows expected at acquisition that ultimately are
not to be received). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the re-estimation of the expected cash flows related to loans acquired that have evidence of deterioration of credit quality resulted in negative provision for loan
losses expense of $1,130 and provision for loan losses expense of $160, respectively, as compared to provision for loan losses expense of $267 and $4,299, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
  United maintains an allowance for loan losses and a reserve for lending-related commitments such as unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. The
reserve for lending-related commitments of $1,122 and $936 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, is separately classified on the balance sheet and is included in other liabilities. The combined allowance for loan
losses and reserve for lending-related commitments are referred to as the allowance for credit losses.   
         32   

Table of Contents  

   A progression of the allowance for loan losses, by portfolio segment, for the periods indicated is
summarized as follows:       Allowance for Loan Losses    
   For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016        
   
     Allowance for Loan Losses and Carrying Amount of Loans    
   For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016        

33   

Table of Contents  

    Allowance for Loan Losses and Carrying Amount of Loans    
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2015        

34   

Table of Contents  

    7. INTANGIBLE ASSETS       The following is a summary of intangible assets subject to amortization and those not subject to amortization:       
    The following table provides a reconciliation of goodwill:   
   
    United incurred amortization expense on intangible assets of $1,122 and $2,786 for the quarter and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, and $855 and $2,565 for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.      The
following table sets forth the anticipated amortization expense for intangible assets for the years subsequent to 2015:       
     8. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS       Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase are a significant source of funds for the Company. United has various unused lines of credit available from certain of its
correspondent banks in the aggregate   
         35   

Table of Contents  

amount of $264,000. These lines of credit, which bear interest at prevailing market rates, permit United to borrow funds in the overnight market, and are renewable subject to certain conditions.
At September 30, 2016, federal funds purchased were $32,200 while securities sold under agreements to repurchase (REPOs) were $359,959. Included in the $359,959 of total REPOs were wholesale REPOs of $50,000 assumed in the Virginia Commerce
merger. These wholesale REPOs are scheduled to mature in May of 2018. The securities sold under agreements to repurchase were accounted for as collateralized financial transactions. They were recorded at the amounts at which the securities were
acquired or sold plus accrued interest.      United has a $20,000 line of credit with an unrelated financial institution to provide for general
liquidity needs. The line is an unsecured, revolving line of credit. The line will be renewable on a 360-day basis and will carry an indexed, floating-rate of interest. The line requires compliance with various financial and nonfinancial covenants.
At September 30, 2016, United had no outstanding balance under this line of credit.       9. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS    
  United s subsidiary banks are members of the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB). Membership in the FHLB makes available short-term and long-term
borrowings from collateralized advances. All FHLB borrowings are collateralized by a mix of single-family residential mortgage loans, commercial loans and investment securities. At September 30, 2016, United had an unused borrowing amount of
approximately $2,743,873 available subject to delivery of collateral after certain trigger points. Advances may be called by the FHLB or redeemed by United based on predefined factors and penalties.   
  At September 30, 2016, $1,023,375, including purchase accounting amounts, of FHLB advances with a weighted-average interest rate of 0.58% are
scheduled to mature within the next nine years. Overnight funds of $125,000 with an interest rate of 0.46% are included in the $1,023,375 above at September 30, 2016.      The scheduled maturities of these FHLB borrowings are as follows:       
    At September 30, 2016, United had a total of thirteen statutory business trusts that were formed for the purpose of
issuing or participating in pools of trust preferred capital securities (Capital Securities) with the proceeds invested in junior subordinated debt securities (Debentures) of United. The Debentures, which are subordinate and junior in right of
payment to all present and future senior indebtedness and certain other financial obligations of United, are the sole assets of the trusts and United s payment under the Debentures is the sole source of revenue for the trusts. At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance of the Debentures was $224,129 and $223,506, respectively, and was included in the category of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets entitled  Other
long-term borrowings.  The Capital Securities are not included as a component of shareholders  equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. United fully and unconditionally guarantees each individual trust s obligations under the
Capital Securities.      Under the provisions of the subordinated debt, United has the right to defer payment of interest on the subordinated debt
at any time, or from time to time, for periods not exceeding five years. If interest payments on the subordinated debt are deferred, the dividends on the Capital Securities are also deferred. Interest on the subordinated debt is cumulative.
  
         36   

Table of Contents  

   In July of 2013, United s primary federal regulator, the Federal Reserve, published final rules (the
 Basel III Capital Rules ) establishing a new comprehensive capital framework for U.S. banking organizations which were effective for United on January 1, 2015. The Basel III Capital Rules permit bank holding companies such as United
with less than $15 billion in total consolidated assets as of December 31, 2009 to include in additional Tier 1 Capital trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock issued and included in Tier 1 Capital prior to
May 19, 2010 on a permanent basis, without any phase-out. However, United s Trust Preferred Securities are subject to a limit of 25 percent of Tier 1 capital elements excluding any non-qualifying capital instruments and after all
regulatory capital deductions and adjustments applied to Tier 1 capital. Trust Preferred Securities no longer included in United s Tier 1 capital may be included as a component of Tier 2 capital on a permanent basis without phase-out. As
of September 30, 2016, all of United s Trust Preferred Securities qualify as Tier 1 Capital.       10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT
LIABILITIES       United is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing
needs of its customers and to alter its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial instruments include loan commitments, standby letters of credit, and interest rate swap agreements. The instruments involve, to varying degrees,
elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the financial statements.      United s maximum exposure to
credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the financial instrument for the loan commitments and standby letters of credit is the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. United uses the same policies in making
commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Collateral may be obtained, if deemed necessary, based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty.   
  Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the commitment
contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require the payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not
necessarily, and historically do not, represent future cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary upon the extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. United had
approximately $2,763,875 and $2,587,957 of loan commitments outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, approximately half of which expire within one year.   
  Commercial and standby letters of credit are agreements used by United s customers as a means of improving their credit standing in their dealings
with others. Under these agreements, United guarantees certain financial commitments of its customers. A commercial letter of credit is issued specifically to facilitate trade or commerce. Typically, under the terms of a commercial letter of credit,
a commitment is drawn upon when the underlying transaction is consummated as intended between the customer and a third party. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, United had $9 and $226, respectively, of outstanding commercial
letters of credit. A standby letter of credit is generally contingent upon the failure of a customer to perform according to the terms of an underlying contract with a third party. United has issued standby letters of credit $123,400 and $135,146 as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In accordance with ASC 450 (Contingencies) of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, United has determined that substantially all of its letters of credit are renewed on an
annual basis and the fees associated with these letters of credit are immaterial.      United and its subsidiaries are currently involved in
various legal proceedings in the normal course of business. Management is vigorously pursuing all its legal and factual defenses and, after consultation with legal counsel, believes that all such litigation will be resolved with no material effect
on United s financial position.   
         37   

Table of Contents  

    11. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS       United uses derivative instruments to help manage adverse prices or interest rate movements on the value of certain assets or liabilities and on future cash flows. These derivatives may consist of
interest rate swaps, caps, floors, collars, futures, forward contracts, written and purchased options. United also executes derivative instruments with its commercial banking customers to facilitate its risk management strategies.   
  United accounts for its derivative financial instruments in accordance with the Derivatives and Hedging topic of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification. The Derivatives and Hedging topic require all derivative instruments to be carried at fair value on the balance sheet. United has designated certain derivative instruments used to manage interest rate risk as hedge relationships with
certain assets, liabilities or cash flows being hedged. Certain derivatives used for interest rate risk management are not designated in a hedge relationship.      Derivative instruments designated in a hedge relationship to mitigate exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest
rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivative instruments designated in a hedge relationship to mitigate exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. As
of September 30, 2016, United has only fair value hedges.      For a fair value hedge, the fair value of the interest rate swap is recognized
on the balance sheet as either a freestanding asset or liability with a corresponding adjustment to the hedged financial instrument. Subsequent adjustments due to changes in the fair value of a derivative that qualifies as a fair value hedge are
offset in current period earnings. For a cash flow hedge, the fair value of the interest rate swap is recognized on the balance sheet as either a freestanding asset or liability with a corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income within
shareholders  equity, net of tax. Subsequent adjustments due to changes in the fair value of a derivative that qualifies as a cash flow hedge are offset to other comprehensive income, net of tax. The portion of a hedge that is ineffective is
recognized immediately in earnings.      At inception of a hedge relationship, United formally documents the hedged item, the particular risk
management objective, the nature of the risk being hedged, the derivative being used, how effectiveness of the hedge will be assessed and how the ineffectiveness of the hedge will be measured. United also assesses hedge effectiveness at inception
and on an ongoing basis using regression analysis. Hedge ineffectiveness is measured by using the change in fair value method. The change in fair value method compares the change in the fair value of the hedging derivative to the change in the fair
value of the hedged exposure, attributable to changes in the benchmark rate. The portion of a hedge that is ineffective is recognized immediately in earnings.      The derivative portfolio also includes derivative financial instruments not included in hedge relationships. These derivatives consist of interest rate swaps used for interest rate management purposes and
derivatives executed with commercial banking customers to facilitate their interest rate management strategies. For derivatives that are not designated in a hedge relationship, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recognized in earnings
in the same period as the change in fair value. Gains and losses on other derivative financial instruments are included in noninterest income and noninterest expense, respectively.      The following table sets forth certain information regarding the interest rate derivatives portfolio used for interest-rate risk management purposes and designated as accounting hedges under the
Derivatives and Hedging topic at September 30, 2016.       Derivative Classifications and Hedging Relationships
       September 30, 2016        

Notional     Amount   

Average     Pay Rate   

Fair Value Hedges:    

Pay Fixed Swaps (Hedging Commercial Loans)   
      
  $  
  95,549  

3.64  
  %    

Total Derivatives Used in Fair Value Hedges    
      
  $  
  95,549  

Total Derivatives Used for Interest Rate Risk Management and Designated as Hedges    
      
  $  
  95,549  

38   

Table of Contents  

   The following tables summarize the fair value of United s derivative financial instruments.   
   
    Derivative contracts involve the risk of dealing with both bank customers and institutional derivative counterparties and
their ability to meet contractual terms. Credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. United s exposure is limited to the replacement value of the contracts rather than the notional
amount of the contract. The Company s agreements generally contain provisions that limit the unsecured exposure up to an agreed upon threshold. Additionally, the Company attempts to minimize credit risk through certain approval processes
established by management.   
         39   

Table of Contents  

   The effect of United s derivative financial instruments on its unaudited Consolidated Statements of
Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are presented as follows:       

Three Months Ended   

Income
Statement     Location   

September 30, 2016   

September 30, 2015   

Derivatives in fair value hedging relationships    

Interest rate contracts   

Interest income/   
  (expense)   
     
  $  
  (385  
  )   
     
  $  
  (332  
  )    

Total derivatives in fair value hedging relationships    

$  
  (385  
  )   
     
  $  
  (332  
  )    

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments    

Interest rate contracts    (1)      

Other income  

$  
  0  

$  
  3  

Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments    

$  
  0  

$  
  3  

Total derivatives   

$  
  (385  
  )   
     
  $  
  (329  
  )    

Nine Months Ended   

Income
Statement     Location   

September 30, 2016   

September 30, 2015   

Derivatives in fair value hedging relationships    

Interest rate contracts   

Interest income/   
  (expense)   
     
  $  
  353  

$  
  (661  
  )    

Total derivatives in fair value hedging relationships    

$  
  353  

$  
  (661  
  )    

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments    

Interest rate contracts    (1)      

Other income  

$  
  0  

$  
  3  

Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments    

$  
  0  

$  
  3  

Total derivatives   

$  
  353  

$  
  (658  
  )    

(1)  
  Represents net gains from derivative assets not designated as hedging instruments.         12. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS       United determines the fair values of its financial instruments
based on the fair value hierarchy established by ASC topic 820, which also clarifies that fair value of certain assets and liabilities is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants.      The Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures topic specifies a hierarchy of valuation
techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect United s market assumptions.
     The three levels of the fair value hierarchy, based on these two types of inputs, are as follows:   

Level 1  
        
  -  
     
  Valuation is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.   

Level 2  
        
  -  
     
  Valuation is based on observable inputs including quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities
in less active markets, and model-based valuation techniques for which significant assumptions can be derived primarily from or corroborated by observable data in the market.   

Level 3  
        
  -  
     
  Valuation is based on prices, inputs and model-based techniques that use one or more significant inputs or assumptions that are unobservable in the market.   
 
         40   

Table of Contents  

   When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, United looks to active and
observable markets to price identical assets or liabilities whenever possible and classifies such items in Level 1. When identical assets and liabilities are not traded in active markets, United looks to market observable data for similar assets and
liabilities and classifies such items as Level 2. Nevertheless, certain assets and liabilities are not actively traded in observable markets and United must use alternative valuation techniques using unobservable inputs to determine a fair value and
classifies such items as Level 3. For assets and liabilities that are not actively traded, the fair value measurement is based primarily upon estimates that require significant judgment. Therefore, the results may not be realized in an actual sale
or immediate settlement of the asset or liability. Additionally, there are inherent weaknesses in any calculation technique, and changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, could
significantly affect the results of current or future values. The level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant in the fair value measurement.   
  In accordance with ASC topic 820, the following describes the valuation techniques used by United to measure certain financial assets and liabilities
recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the financial statements:       Securities available for sale : Securities available for sale
are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted market prices, when available (Level 1). If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are measured utilizing independent valuation techniques of
identical or similar securities for which significant assumptions are derived primarily from or corroborated by observable market data. Using a market approach valuation methodology, third party vendors compile prices from various sources and may
determine the fair value of identical or similar securities by using pricing models that considers observable market data (Level 2). Management internally reviews the fair values provided by third party vendors on a monthly basis. Management s
review consists of comparing fair values assigned by third party vendors to trades and offerings observed by management. The review requires some degree of judgment as to the number or percentage of securities to review on the part of management
which could fluctuate based on results of past reviews and in comparison to current expectations. Exceptions that are deemed to be material are reviewed by management. Additionally, to assess the reliability of the information received from third
party vendors, management obtains documentation from third party vendors related to the sources, methodologies, and inputs utilized in valuing securities classified as Level 2. Management analyzes this information to ensure the underlying
assumptions appear reasonable. Management also obtains an independent service auditor s report from third party vendors to provide reasonable assurance that appropriate controls are in place over the valuation process. Upon completing its
review of the pricing from third party vendors at September 30, 2016, management determined that the prices provided by its third party pricing source were reasonable and in line with management s expectations for the market values of
these securities. Therefore, prices obtained from third party vendors that did not reflect forced liquidation or distressed sales were not adjusted by management at September 30, 2016. Management utilizes a number of factors to determine if a
market is inactive, all of which may require a significant level of judgment. Factors that management considers include: a significant widening of the bid-ask spread, a considerable decline in the volume and level of trading activity in the
instrument, a significant variance in prices among market participants, and a significant reduction in the level of observable inputs. Any securities available for sale not valued based upon quoted market prices or third party pricing models that
consider observable market data are considered Level 3. Currently, United considers its valuation of available-for-sale Trup Cdos as Level 3. The Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures topic assumes that fair values of financial assets
  
         41   

Table of Contents  

are determined in an orderly transaction and not a forced liquidation or distressed sale at the measurement date. Based on financial market conditions, United feels that the fair values obtained
from its third party vendor reflect forced liquidation or distressed sales for these Trup Cdos due to decreased volume and trading activity. Additionally, management held discussions with institutional traders to identify trends in the number and
type of transactions related to the Trup Cdos sector. Based upon management s review of the market conditions for Trup Cdos, it was determined that an income approach valuation technique (present value technique) that maximizes the use of
relevant observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs is more representative of fair value than the valuation technique used by United s third party vendor. The present value technique discounts expected future cash flows of a
security to arrive at a present value. Management considers the following items when calculating the appropriate discount rate: the implied rate of return when the market was last active, changes in the implied rate of return as markets moved from
very active to inactive, recent changes in credit ratings, and recent activity showing that the market has built in increased liquidity and credit premiums. Management s internal credit review of each security was also factored in to determine
the appropriate discount rate. The credit review considered each security s collateral, subordination, excess spread, priority of claims, principal and interest. Discount margins used in the valuation at September 30, 2016 ranged from
LIBOR plus 4.00% to LIBOR plus 12.50%. Management completed a sensitivity analysis on the fair value of its Trup Cdos. Given a comprehensive 200 basis point increase in the discount rates, the total fair value of these securities would decline by
approximately 17%, or $5,346.       Derivatives : United utilizes interest rate swaps to hedge exposure to interest rate risk and variability
of cash flows associated to changes in the underlying interest rate of the hedged item. These hedging interest rate swaps are classified as either a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. United s derivative portfolio also includes derivative
financial instruments not included in hedge relationships. These derivatives consist of interest rate swaps used for interest rate management purposes and derivatives executed with commercial banking customers to facilitate their interest rate
management strategies. United utilizes third-party vendors for derivative valuation purposes. These vendors determine the appropriate fair value based on a net present value calculation of the cash flows related to the interest rate swaps using
primarily observable market inputs such as interest rate yield curves (Level 2). Valuation adjustments to derivative fair values for liquidity and credit risk are also taken into consideration, as well as the likelihood of default by United and
derivative counterparties, the net counterparty exposure and the remaining maturities of the positions. Values obtained from third party vendors are typically not adjusted by management. Management internally reviews the derivative values provided
by third party vendors on a quarterly basis. All derivative values are tested for reasonableness by management utilizing a net present value calculation.      For a fair value hedge, the fair value of the interest rate swap is recognized on the balance sheet as either a freestanding asset or liability with a corresponding adjustment to the hedged financial
instrument. Subsequent adjustments due to changes in the fair value of a derivative that qualifies as a fair value hedge are offset in current period earnings either in interest income or interest expense depending on the nature of the hedged
financial instrument. For a cash flow hedge, the fair value of the interest rate swap is recognized on the balance sheet as either a freestanding asset or liability with a corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income within
shareholders  equity, net of tax. Subsequent adjustments due to changes in the fair value of a derivative that qualifies as a cash flow hedge are offset to other comprehensive income, net of tax. The portion of a hedge that is ineffective is
recognized immediately in earnings.      For derivatives that are not designated in a hedge relationship, changes in the fair value of the
derivatives are recognized in earnings in the same period as the change in the fair value. Unrealized gains and losses due to changes in the fair value of other derivative financial instruments not in hedge relationship are included in noninterest
income and noninterest expense, respectively.   
         42   

Table of Contents  

   The following tables present the balances of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy.       

(1)  
  The equity mutual funds are within a rabbi trust for the payment of benefits under a deferred compensation plan for certain key officers of United and its subsidiaries.
    
         43   

Table of Contents  

(1)  
  The equity mutual funds are within a rabbi trust for the payment of benefits under a deferred compensation plan for certain key officers of United and its subsidiaries.
       There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015. The following table presents additional information about financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 on a recurring basis and for which United has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value for the nine months and twelve months ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively:   

Available-for-sale     Securities  

Trust preferred     collateralized
debt obligations   

September 
30,     2016   

December 31, 2015   

Balance, beginning of period   
      
  $  
  34,686  

$  
  39,558  

Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized):   

Included in earnings (or changes in net assets)   

0  

(34  
  )    
 
    Included in other comprehensive income   

(2,589  
  )   

(4,838  
  )    
 
    Purchases, issuances, and settlements   

0  

0  

Transfers in and/or out of Level 3   

0  

0  

Balance, end of period   
      
  $  
  32,097  

$  
  34,686  

The amount of total gains or losses for the period included in earnings (or changes in net assets) attributable to the change in
unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at reporting date   

0  

0  

44   

Table of Contents  

   Certain financial assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP.
Adjustments to the fair value of these assets usually result from the application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets.      The following describes the valuation techniques used by United to measure certain financial assets recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis in the financial statements.   
   Loans held for sale : Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. These loans currently consist of one-to-four family
residential loans originated for sale in the secondary market. Fair value is based on the price secondary markets are currently offering for similar loans using observable market data which is not materially different than cost due to the short
duration between origination and sale (Level 2). As such, United records any fair value adjustments on a nonrecurring basis. No nonrecurring fair value adjustments were recorded on loans held for sale during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. Gains and losses on sale of loans are recorded within income from mortgage banking on the Consolidated Statements of Income.   
   Impaired Loans : Loans are designated as impaired when, in the judgment of management based on current information and events, it is probable that
all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected. Impairment is measured based upon the present value of expected future cash flows from the loan discounted at the loan s effective rate and the
loan s observable market price or the fair value of collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent. Fair value is measured using a market approach based on the value of the collateral securing the loans. Collateral may be in the form of real
estate or business assets including equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable. The vast majority of the collateral is real estate. The value of real estate collateral is determined utilizing an appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed
appraiser outside of the Company using comparable property sales (Level 2). However, if the collateral is a house or building in the process of construction or if an appraisal of the real estate property is over two years old, then the fair value is
considered Level 3. The value of business equipment is based upon an outside appraisal if deemed significant, or the net book value on the applicable business  financial statements if not considered significant using observable market data.
Likewise, values for inventory and accounts receivables collateral are based on financial statement balances or aging reports (Level 3). For impaired loans, a specific reserve is established through the Allowance for Loan Losses, if necessary, by
estimating the fair value of the underlying collateral on a nonrecurring basis. Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for credit losses expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income.   
   OREO : OREO consists of real estate acquired in foreclosure or other settlement of loans. Such assets are carried on the balance sheet at the lower
of the investment in the assets or the fair value of the assets less estimated selling costs. Fair value is determined by one of two market approach methods depending on whether the property has been vacated and an appraisal can be conducted. If the
property has yet to be vacated and thus an appraisal cannot be performed, a Brokers Price Opinion (i.e. BPO), is obtained. A BPO represents a best estimate valuation performed by a realtor based on knowledge of current property values and a visual
examination of the exterior condition of the property. Once the property is subsequently vacated, a formal appraisal is obtained and the recorded asset value appropriately adjusted. On the other hand, if the OREO property has been vacated and an
appraisal can be conducted, the fair value of the property is determined based upon the appraisal using a market approach. An authorized independent appraiser   
         45   

Table of Contents  

conducts appraisals for United. Appraisals for property other than ongoing construction are based on consideration of comparable property sales (Level 2). In contrast, valuation of ongoing
construction assets requires some degree of professional judgment. In conducting an appraisal for ongoing construction property, the appraiser develops two appraised amounts: an  as is  appraised value and a  completed  value.
Based on professional judgment and their knowledge of the particular situation, management determines the appropriate fair value to be utilized for such property (Level 3). As a matter of policy, valuations are reviewed at least annually and
appraisals are generally updated on a bi-annual basis with values lowered as necessary.       Intangible Assets:  For United, intangible
assets consist of goodwill and core deposit intangibles. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually or sooner if indicators of impairment exist. Goodwill impairment would be defined as the difference between the recorded value of goodwill
(i.e. book value) and the implied fair value of goodwill. In determining the implied fair value of goodwill for purposes of evaluating goodwill impairment, United determines the fair value of the reporting unit using a market approach and compares
the fair value to its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, a step two test is performed whereby the implied fair value is computed by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets from the fair value of
the reporting unit. Core deposit intangibles relate to the estimated value of the deposit base of acquired institutions. Management reviews core deposit intangible assets on an annual basis, or sooner if indicators of impairment exist, and evaluates
changes in facts and circumstances that may indicate impairment in the carrying value. Other than those intangible assets recorded in the acquisition of Bank of Georgetown, no fair value measurement of intangible assets was made during the first
nine months of 2016 and 2015.      The following table summarizes United s financial assets that were measured at fair value on a
nonrecurring basis during the period:       
    The following methods and assumptions were used by United in estimating its fair value disclosures for other financial
instruments:       Cash and Cash Equivalents:  The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents approximate
those assets  fair values.       Securities held to maturity and other securities : The estimated fair values of held to maturity are
based on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are measured utilizing independent valuation techniques of identical or similar securities for which significant assumptions are derived
  
         46   

Table of Contents  

primarily from or corroborated by observable market data. Third party vendors compile prices from various sources and may determine the fair value of identical or similar securities by using
pricing models that considers observable market data. Any securities held to maturity, not valued based upon the methods above, are valued based on a discounted cash flow methodology using appropriately adjusted discount rates reflecting
nonperformance and liquidity risks. Other securities consist mainly of shares of Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock that do not have readily determinable fair values and are carried at cost.   
   Loans:  The fair values of certain mortgage loans (e.g., one-to-four family residential), credit card loans, and other consumer loans are based on
quoted market prices of similar loans sold in conjunction with securitization transactions, adjusted for differences in loan characteristics. The fair values of other loans (e.g., commercial real estate and rental property mortgage loans, commercial
and industrial loans, financial institution loans and agricultural loans) are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using market interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar creditworthiness,
which include adjustments for liquidity concerns. For acquired impaired loans, fair value is assumed to equal United s carrying value, which represents the present value of expected future principal and interest cash flows, as adjusted for any
Allowance for Loan Losses recorded for these loans.       Deposits:  The fair values of demand deposits (e.g., interest and noninterest
checking, regular savings and certain types of money market accounts) are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts). The carrying amounts of variable-rate, fixed-term money market
accounts and certificates of deposit approximate their fair values at the reporting date. Fair values of fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on
certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits.       Short-term Borrowings:  The carrying amounts of
federal funds purchased, borrowings under repurchase agreements and any other short-term borrowings approximate their fair values.   
   Long-term Borrowings:  The fair values of United s Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings and trust preferred securities are estimated using
discounted cash flow analyses, based on United s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.      The
estimated fair values of United s financial instruments are summarized below:       
 
         47   

Table of Contents  

    13. STOCK BASED COMPENSATION       On May 18, 2016, United s shareholders approved the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2016 LTI Plan). The 2016 LTI Plan became effective as of May 18, 2016. An award granted under the 2016 LTI
Plan may consist of any non-qualified stock options or incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units or other-stock-based award. These awards all relate to the common stock of
United. The maximum number of shares of United common stock which may be issued under the 2016 LTI Plan is 1,700,000. The 2016 LTI Plan will be administered by a board committee appointed by United s Board of Directors (the Board). Unless
otherwise determined by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee) shall administer the 2016 LTI Plan. Any and all shares may be issued in respect of any of the types of Awards, provided that (1) the aggregate number of
shares that may be issued in respect of restricted stock awards, and restricted stock unit awards which are settled in shares is 500,000, and (2) the aggregate number of shares that may be issued pursuant to stock options is 1,200,000. The
shares to be offered under the 2016 LTI Plan may be authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares. The maximum number of options and SARs, in the aggregate, which may be awarded to any individual key employee during any calendar year is 100,000.
The maximum number of stock options and SARs, in the aggregate, which may be awarded to any non-employee director during any calendar year is 10,000. The maximum number of shares of restricted stock or shares subject to a restricted stock units
award that may be granted during any calendar year is 50,000 shares to any individual key employee and 5,000 shares to any individual non-employee director. Subject to certain change in control provisions, the 2016 LTI Plan provides that awards of
restricted stock and restricted stock units will vest as the Committee determines in the award agreement, provided that no awards will vest sooner than 1/3 per year over the first three anniversaries of the award. Awards granted to executive
officers of United typically will have performance based vesting conditions. A Form S-8 was filed on July 29, 2016 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register all the shares which were available for the 2016 LTI Plan.   
  The 2016 LTI Plan replaces the 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2011 LTI Plan) which expired during the second quarter of 2016. A total of 967,285 stock
options and 289,637 restricted shares of common stock were granted under the 2011 LTI Plan. Compensation expense of $720 and $2,050 related to the nonvested awards under the 2011 LTI Plan and the 2006 Stock Option Plan was incurred for the third
quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, as compared to the compensation expense of $756 and $2,144 related to the nonvested awards under the 2006 Stock Option Plan incurred for the third quarter and first nine months of 2015,
respectively. Compensation expense was included in employee compensation in the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income.   
         48   

Table of Contents  

Stock Options       United currently has options outstanding from various option plans
other than the 2011 LTI Plan (the Prior Plans); however, no common shares of United stock are available for grants under the Prior Plans as these plans have expired. Awards outstanding under the Prior Plans will remain in effect in accordance with
their respective terms. The maximum term for options granted under the plans is ten (10) years.      A summary of activity under
United s stock option plans as of September 30, 2016, and the changes during the first nine months of 2016 are presented below:       
    The following table summarizes the status of United s nonvested stock option awards during the first nine months of
2016:       
    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 248,677 and 215,967 shares, respectively, were issued in
connection with stock option exercises. All shares issued in connection with stock option exercises for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were issued from authorized and unissued stock. The total intrinsic value of options
exercised under the Plans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $4,670 and $1,908 respectively.       Restricted
Stock       Currently, United only has restricted shares of common stock outstanding from the 2011 LTI Plan. Recipients of restricted shares do
not pay any consideration to United for the shares, have the right to vote all shares subject to such grant and receive all dividends with respect to such shares, whether or not the shares have vested. Presently, nonvested participating securities
have an immaterial impact on diluted earnings per share.   
         49   

Table of Contents  

   The following summarizes the changes to United s restricted common shares for the period ended
September 30, 2016:       
     14. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS       United has a defined benefit retirement plan covering a majority of all employees. Pension benefits are based on years of service and the average of the employee s highest five consecutive plan years
of basic compensation paid during the ten plan years preceding the date of determination. Contributions are intended to provide not only for benefits attributed to service to date, but also for those expected to be earned in the future.   
  In September of 2007, after a recommendation by United s Pension Committee and approval by United s Board of Directors, the United Bankshares,
Inc. Pension Plan (the Plan) was amended to change the participation rules. The decision to change the participation rules for the Plan followed current industry trends, as many large and medium size companies had taken similar steps. The amendment
provides that employees hired on or after October 1, 2007, will not be eligible to participate in the Plan. However, new employees, including those retained in acquisitions, will be eligible to participate in United s Savings and Stock
Investment 401(k) plan. This change had no impact on current employees hired prior to October 1, 2007 as they will continue to participate in the Plan, with no change in benefit provisions, and will continue to be eligible to participate in
United s Savings and Stock Investment 401(k) plan.      Included in accumulated other comprehensive income at December 31, 2015 are
unrecognized actuarial losses of $55,998 ($35,727 net of tax) that have not yet been recognized in net periodic pension cost. The amortization of this item expected to be recognized in net periodic pension cost during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2016 is $4,618 ($2,946 net of tax).      Net periodic pension cost for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 included the following components:       
 
         50   

Table of Contents  

    15. INCOME TAXES       United records a liability for uncertain income tax positions based on a recognition threshold of more-likely-than-not, and a measurement attribute for all tax positions taken on a tax return, in order
for those tax positions to be recognized in the financial statements.      As of September 30, 2016, United has provided a liability for
$2,198 of unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. The entire amount of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact United s effective tax rate. Over the next 12 months, the statute of
limitations will close on certain income tax periods. However, at this time, United cannot reasonably estimate the amount of tax benefits it may recognize over the next 12 months.      United is currently open to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015 and State Taxing authorities for the years
ended December 31, 2013 through 2015.      As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the total amount of accrued interest related to uncertain
tax positions was $792 and $548, respectively. United accounts for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for federal and state income taxes.       16. COMPREHENSIVE INCOME       The components of total comprehensive income for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:       
 
         51   

Table of Contents  

   The components of accumulated other comprehensive income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
are as follows:       Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) by Component   (a)          For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016        

(a)  
  All amounts are net-of-tax.     
   Reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI)    
   For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016        

Details about AOCI Components    
      
   Amount Reclassified from AOCI   

Affected Line Item in the Statement Where   
   Net Income is Presented     
 
    Available for sale ( AFS ) securities:   

Reclassification of previous noncredit OTTI to credit OTTI   
      
  $  
  415  

Total other-than-temporary impairment losses   
 
    Net reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income   

(251  
  )   
     
  Net gains on sales/calls of investment securities   

164  

Total before tax   
 
    Related income tax effect   

(59  
  )   
     
  Tax expense   

105  

Net of tax   
 
    Pension plan:   

Recognized net actuarial loss   

3,458   
  (a)   

3,458  

Total before tax   
 
    Related income tax effect   

(1,223  
  )   
     
  Tax expense   

2,235  

Net of tax   

Total reclassifications for the period   
      
  $  
  2,340  

(a)  
  This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 14, Employee Benefit Plans)     
         52   

Table of Contents  

    17. EARNINGS PER SHARE       The reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of basic earnings per share with that of diluted earnings per share is presented as follows:   
   
     18. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES       Variable interest entities (VIEs) are entities that either have a total equity investment that is insufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support or whose equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest (i.e., ability to make significant decisions, through voting rights, right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity, and
obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity). VIEs can be structured as corporations, trusts, partnerships, or other legal entities. United s business practices include relationships with certain VIEs. For United, the business
purpose of these relationships primarily consists of funding activities in the form of issuing trust preferred securities.      United
currently sponsors thirteen statutory business trusts that were created for the purpose of raising funds that qualified for Tier I regulatory capital. These trusts, of which several were acquired through bank acquisitions, issued or
participated in pools of trust preferred capital securities to third-party investors with the proceeds invested in junior subordinated debt securities of United. The Company, through a small capital contribution, owns 100% of the voting
equity shares of each trust. The assets, liabilities, operations, and cash flows of each trust are solely related to the issuance, administration, and repayment of the preferred equity securities held by third-party investors. United fully
and unconditionally guarantees the obligations of each trust and is obligated to redeem the junior subordinated debentures upon maturity.   
         53   

Table of Contents  

   The trusts utilized in these transactions are VIEs as the third-party equity holders lack a controlling
financial interest in the trusts through their inability to make decisions that have a significant effect on the operations and success of the entities. United does not consolidate these trusts as it is not the primary beneficiary of these
entities because United s equity interest does not absorb the majority of the trusts  expected losses or receive a majority of their expected residual returns.   
         54   

Table of Contents  

   Information related to United s statutory trusts is presented in the table below:   
   
    United, through its banking subsidiaries, also makes limited partner equity investments in various low income
housing and community development partnerships sponsored by independent third-parties. United invests in these partnerships to either realize tax credits on its consolidated federal income tax return or for purposes of earning a return on
its investment. These partnerships are considered VIEs as the limited partners lack a controlling financial interest in the entities through their inability to make decisions that have a significant effect on the operations and success of
the partnerships. United s limited partner interests in these entities is immaterial, however; these partnerships are not consolidated as United is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary.   
  The following table summarizes quantitative information about United s significant involvement in unconsolidated VIEs:   

(1)  
  Represents investment in VIEs.         

Item 2.   
   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS          FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS       Congress passed the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995
to encourage corporations to provide investors with information about the company s anticipated future financial performance, goals, and strategies. The act provides a safe harbor for such disclosure, in other words, protection from unwarranted
litigation if actual results are not the same as management expectations.      United desires to provide its shareholders with sound information
about past performance and future trends. Consequently, any forward-looking statements contained in this report, in a report incorporated by reference to this report, or made by management of United in this report, in any other reports and filings,
in press releases and in oral statements, involve numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in or implied by United s statements for a variety of factors including, but not
limited to: changes in economic conditions; business conditions in the banking industry; movements in interest rates; competitive pressures on product pricing and services; success and timing of business strategies; the nature and extent of
governmental actions and reforms; and rapidly changing technology and evolving banking industry standards.   
         55   

Table of Contents  

    RECENT DEVELOPMENTS       On August 17, 2016, United entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Agreement) with Cardinal Financial Corporation (Cardinal), a Virginia corporation headquartered in Tysons Corner,
Virginia. In accordance with the Agreement, Cardinal will merge with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of United (the Merger). At the effective time of the Merger, Cardinal will cease to exist and the wholly-owned subsidiary of United shall survive
and continue to exist as a Virginia corporation.      After the effective time of the Merger, Cardinal Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Cardinal, will merge with and into United Bank, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of United (the Bank Merger). United Bank will survive the Bank Merger and continue to exist as a Virginia banking corporation.   
  The acquisition of Cardinal will afford United the opportunity to significantly enhance its existing footprint in the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan
Statistical Area. As of September 30, 2016, Cardinal had $4,219,648 in assets with 30 banking offices throughout the Washington D.C. Metropolitan region. Cardinal also operates George Mason Mortgage, LLC, a residential mortgage lending company
based in Fairfax, Virginia with offices located in Virginia, Maryland and the District of Columbia, and Cardinal Wealth Services Inc.      On
July 1, 2015, the Durbin Amendment became effective for United. The Durbin Amendment, passed as part of the Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation, limits fees for debit card processing paid by merchants to banking companies with assets in
excess of $10 billion. The Durbin Amendment has significantly affected United s fees from deposit services since its effective date as discussed in the  Other Income  section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A).      On January 1, 2015, the Basel III Capital Rules became effective for United
and its banking subsidiaries (subject to a phase-in period). The Basel III Capital Rules establishes a new comprehensive capital framework for U.S. banking organizations. The rules implement the Basel Committee s December 2010 framework
known as  Basel III  for strengthening international capital standards as well as certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Basel III Capital Rules substantially revise the risk-based capital requirements applicable to bank holding
companies and depository institutions, including United and its banking subsidiaries, compared to the current U.S. risk-based capital rules. The Basel III Capital Rules define the components of capital and address other issues affecting the
numerator in banking institutions  regulatory capital ratios. The Basel III Capital Rules also address risk weights and other issues affecting the denominator in banking institutions  regulatory capital ratios and replace the existing
risk-weighting approach, which was derived from Basel I capital accords of the Basel Committee, with a more risk-sensitive approach based, in part, on the standardized approach in the Basel Committee s 2004  Basel II  capital accords.
The Basel III Capital Rules also implement the requirements of Section 939A of the Dodd-Frank Act to remove references to credit ratings from the federal banking agencies  rules.       INTRODUCTION       The following discussion and analysis presents the significant changes in
financial condition and the results of operations of United and its subsidiaries for the periods indicated below. This discussion and the unaudited consolidated financial statements and the notes to unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements
include the accounts of United Bankshares, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. Management has evaluated all significant events and transactions that occurred after September 30, 2016, but prior to the date these
financial statements were issued, for potential recognition or disclosure required in these financial statements.      In addition, after the
close of business on June 3, 2016, United acquired 100% of the outstanding common stock of Bank of Georgetown, a privately held community bank headquartered in Washington, D.C. The results of operations
  
         56   

Table of Contents  

of Bank of Georgetown are included in the consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. The acquisition of Bank of Georgetown enhances United s existing footprint in the
Washington, D.C. MSA. Bank of Georgetown was merged with and into United Bank, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of United (the Merger) in a transaction accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. At consummation, Bank of Georgetown
had assets of approximately $1.28 billion, loans of $999.77 million, and deposits of $971.37 million.      This discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes thereto, which are included elsewhere in this document.       USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES       This discussion and analysis contains certain financial
measures that are not recognized under GAAP. Under SEC Regulation G, public companies making disclosures containing financial measures that are not in accordance with GAAP must also disclose, along with each  non-GAAP  financial measure,
certain additional information, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as a statement of the company s reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure.
     Generally, United has presented these non-GAAP financial measures because it believes that these measures provide meaningful additional
information to assist in the evaluation of United s results of operations or financial position. Presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is consistent with how United s management evaluates its performance internally and these
non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in the banking industry. Specifically, this discussion contains certain references to financial measures
identified as tax-equivalent net interest income and the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-acquired loans. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures, if significant, to be helpful in understanding United s results of
operations or financial position. However, this non-GAAP information should be considered supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.   
  Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as reconciliation to that comparable GAAP financial measure,
as well as a statement of the company s reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure, can be found within this discussion and analysis. Investors should recognize that United s presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures
might not be comparable to similarly titled measures at other companies.       APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
  The accounting and reporting policies of United conform with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In preparing the consolidated financial
statements, management is required to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions and judgments, which are reviewed with the Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors, are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates. These policies, along with the disclosures presented in the financial statement
notes and in this financial review, provide information on how significant assets and liabilities are valued in the financial statements and how those values are determined. Based on the valuation techniques used and the sensitivity of financial
statement amounts to the methods, assumptions, and estimates underlying those amounts, management has identified the determination of the allowance for credit losses, the valuation of investment securities and the related other-than-temporary
impairment analysis, the accounting for acquired loans and the calculation of the income tax provision to be the accounting areas that require the most subjective or complex judgments, and as such could be most subject to revision as new information
becomes available.   
         57   

Table of Contents  

    Allowance for Credit Losses       As explained in Note 6, Allowance for Credit Losses to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the allowance for loan losses represents management s estimate of the probable credit losses
inherent in the lending portfolio. Determining the allowance for loan losses requires management to make estimates of losses that are highly uncertain and require a high degree of judgment. At September 30, 2016, the allowance for loan losses
was $72.7 million and is subject to periodic adjustment based on management s assessment of current probable losses in the loan portfolio. Such adjustment from period to period can have a significant impact on United s consolidated
financial statements. To illustrate the potential effect on the financial statements of our estimates of the allowance for loan losses, a 10% increase in the allowance for loan losses would have required $7.3 million in additional allowance (funded
by additional provision for credit losses), which would have negatively impacted the third quarter of 2016 net income by approximately $4.7 million, after-tax or $0.06 diluted per common share. Management s evaluation of the adequacy of the
allowance for loan losses and the appropriate provision for loan losses is based upon a quarterly evaluation of the loan portfolio. This evaluation is inherently subjective and requires significant estimates, including estimates related to the
amounts and timing of future cash flows, value of collateral, losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of current economic trends, all of which are susceptible to constant and significant change.
The allowance allocated to specific credits and loan pools grouped by similar risk characteristics is reviewed on a quarterly basis and adjusted as necessary based upon subsequent changes in circumstances. In determining the components of the
allowance for loan losses, management considers the risk arising in part from, but not limited to, charge-off and delinquency trends, current economic and business conditions, lending policies and procedures, the size and risk characteristics of the
loan portfolio, concentrations of credit, and other various factors. The methodology used to determine the allowance for loan losses is described in Notes 5 and 6. A discussion of the factors leading to changes in the amount of the allowance for
credit losses is included in the Provision for Credit Losses section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A). Additional information relating to United s loans is included in
Note 4, Loans to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.       Investment Securities    
  Accounting estimates are used in the presentation of the investment portfolio and these estimates impact the presentation of United s financial
condition and results of operations. United classifies its investments in debt as either held to maturity or available for sale and its equity securities as available for sale. Securities held to maturity are accounted for using historical costs,
adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts. Securities available for sale are accounted for at fair value, with the net unrealized gains and losses, net of income tax effects, presented as a separate component of
shareholders  equity. When available, fair values of securities are based on quoted prices or prices obtained from third party vendors. Third party vendors compile prices from various sources and may determine the fair value of identical or
similar securities by using pricing models that consider observable market data. Prices obtained from third party vendors that do not reflect forced liquidation or distressed sales are not adjusted by management. Where prices reflect forced
liquidation or distressed sales, as is the case with United s portfolio of trust preferred securities (Trup Cdos), management estimates fair value based on a discounted cash flow methodology using appropriately adjusted discount rates
reflecting nonperformance and liquidity risks. Due to the subjective nature of this valuation process, it is possible that the actual fair values of these securities could differ from the estimated amounts, thereby affecting United s financial
position, results of operations and cash flows. The potential impact to United s financial position, results of operations or cash flows for changes in the valuation process cannot be reasonably estimated.   
  If the estimated value of investments is less than the cost or amortized cost, the investment is considered impaired and management evaluates whether an
event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. If such an event or change has occurred, management must exercise judgment to determine the nature of the potential
impairment (i.e., temporary or other-than-temporary) in order to   
         58   

Table of Contents  

apply the appropriate accounting treatment. If United intends to sell, or is more likely than not they will be required to sell an impaired debt security before recovery of its amortized cost
basis less any current period credit loss, other-than-temporary impairment is recognized in earnings. The amount recognized in earnings is equal to the entire difference between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the
balance sheet date. If United does not intend to sell, and is not more likely than not they will be required to sell the impaired debt security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current-period credit loss, the
other-than-temporary impairment is separated into the following: 1) the amount representing the credit loss, which is recognized in earnings, and 2) the amount related to all other factors, which is recognized in other comprehensive income. For
additional information on management s consideration of investment valuation and other-than-temporary impairment, see Note 3, Investment Securities, and Note 12, Fair Value Measurements, to the unaudited consolidated financial statements.
      Accounting for Acquired Loans    
  Loans acquired are initially recorded at their acquisition date fair values. The fair value of the acquired loans are based on the present value of the
expected cash flows, including principal, interest and prepayments. Periodic principal and interest cash flows are adjusted for expected losses and prepayments, then discounted to determine the present value and summed to arrive at the estimated
fair value. Fair value estimates involve assumptions and judgments as to credit risk, interest rate risk, prepayment risk, liquidity risk, default rates, loss severity, payment speeds, collateral values and discount rate.   
  Acquired loans are divided into loans with evidence of credit quality deterioration, which are accounted for under ASC topic 310-30 (acquired impaired)
and loans that do not meet this criteria, which are accounted for under ASC topic 310-20 (acquired performing). Acquired impaired loans have experienced a deterioration of credit quality from origination to acquisition for which it is probable that
United will be unable to collect all contractually required payments receivable, including both principal and interest. In the assessment of credit quality, numerous assumptions, interpretations and judgments must be made, based on internal and
third-party credit quality information and ultimately the determination as to the probability that all contractual cash flows will not be able to be collected. This is a point in time assessment and inherently subjective due to the nature of the
available information and judgment involved.      Subsequent to the acquisition date, United continues to estimate the amount and timing of cash
flows expected to be collected on acquired impaired loans. Increases in expected cash flows will generally result in a recovery of any previously recorded allowance for loan losses, to the extent applicable, and/or a reclassification from the
nonaccretable difference to accretable yield, which will be recognized prospectively. The present value of any decreases in expected cash flows after the acquisition date will generally result in an impairment charge recorded as a provision for loan
losses, resulting in an increase to the allowance for loan losses.      For acquired performing loans, the difference between the acquisition date
fair value and the contractual amounts due at the acquisition date represents the fair value adjustment. Fair value adjustments may be discounts (or premiums) to a loan s cost basis and are accreted (or amortized) to interest income over the
loan s remaining life using the level yield method. Subsequent to the acquisition date, the methods utilized to estimate the required allowance for loan losses for these loans is similar to originated loans.   
  See Note 2, Merger and Acquisitions, and Note 4, Loans, to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding United s
acquired loans disclosures.       Income Taxes       United s calculation of income tax provision is inherently complex due to the various different tax laws and jurisdictions in which we operate and requires management s use of estimates and
judgments in its determination. The   
         59   

Table of Contents  

current income tax liability also includes income tax expense related to our uncertain tax positions as required in ASC topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Changes to the estimated accrued taxes
can occur due to changes in tax rates, implementation of new business strategies, resolution of issues with taxing authorities and recently enacted statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance. These changes can be material to the Company s
operating results for any particular reporting period. The analysis of the income tax provision requires the assessments of the relative risks and merits of the appropriate tax treatment of transactions, filing positions, filing methods and taxable
income calculations after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent and other information. United strives to keep abreast of changes in the tax laws and the issuance of regulations which may impact tax reporting and provisions for income
tax expense. United is also subject to audit by federal and state authorities. Because the application of tax laws is subject to varying interpretations, results of these audits may produce indicated liabilities which differ from United s
estimates and provisions. United continually evaluates its exposure to possible tax assessments arising from audits and records its estimate of probable exposure based on current facts and circumstances. The potential impact to United s
operating results for any of the changes cannot be reasonably estimated. See Note 15, Income Taxes, to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding United s ASC topic 740 disclosures.   
   Use of Fair Value Measurements       United
determines the fair value of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC topic 820, whereby the fair value of certain assets and liabilities is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. ASC topic 820 establishes a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. The classification of assets and
liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs in the methodology for determining fair value are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market-based information obtained from independent sources (Level 1 or Level 2),
while unobservable inputs reflect management s estimate of market data (Level 3). For assets and liabilities that are actively traded and have quoted prices or observable market data, a minimal amount of subjectivity concerning fair value is
needed. Prices and values obtained from third party vendors that do not reflect forced liquidation or distressed sales are not adjusted by management. When quoted prices or observable market data are not available, management s judgment is
necessary to estimate fair value.      At September 30, 2016, approximately 9.87% of total assets, or $1.42 billion, consisted of financial
instruments recorded at fair value. Of this total, approximately 93.70% or $1.33 billion of these financial instruments used valuation methodologies involving observable market data, collectively Level 1 and Level 2 measurements, to determine fair
value. Approximately $89.11 million or 6.30% of these financial instruments were valued using unobservable market information or Level 3 measurements. Most of these financial instruments valued using unobservable market information were pooled trust
preferred investment securities classified as available-for-sale. At September 30, 2016, only $9.75 million or less than 1% of total liabilities were recorded at fair value. This entire amount was valued using methodologies involving observable
market data. United does not believe that any changes in the unobservable inputs used to value the financial instruments mentioned above would have a material impact on United s results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources. See Note
12, Fair Value Measurements, to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding ASC topic 820 and its impact on United s financial statements.      Any material effect on the financial statements related to these critical accounting areas are further discussed in this MD A.       FINANCIAL CONDITION       United s total assets as of September 30, 2016 were $14.34
billion which was an increase of $1.77 billion or 14.05% from December 31, 2015, primarily the result of the acquisition of Bank of Georgetown on June 3, 2016. Portfolio loans increased $1.05 billion or 11.21%, cash and cash equivalents
increased $261.17 million or 30.46%, investment   
         60   

Table of Contents  

securities increased $258.38 million or 21.46%, goodwill increased $157.06 million or 22.11%, other assets increased $28.64 million or 7.57%, bank premises and equipment increased $3.53 million
or 4.83% and interest receivable increased $2.94 million or 8.22% due primarily to the Bank of Georgetown merger. Total liabilities increased $1.45 billion or 13.35% from year-end 2015. This increase in total liabilities was due mainly to an
increase of $1.24 billion or 13.24% and $201.39 million or 14% in deposits and borrowings, respectively, mainly due to the Bank of Georgetown acquisition. Shareholders  equity increased $316.04 million or 18.45% from year-end 2015 due primarily
to the acquisition of Bank of Georgetown and earnings less dividends paid for the first nine months of 2016.      The following discussion
explains in more detail the changes in financial condition by major category.       Cash and Cash Equivalents    
  Cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 increased $261.17 million or 30.46% from year-end 2015. Of this total increase, interest-bearing
deposits with other banks increased $232.03 million or 32.23% as United placed more cash in an interest-bearing account with the Federal Reserve. In addition, cash and due from banks increased $29.14 million or 21.32% and fed funds sold were flat.
During the first nine months of 2016, net cash of $123.87 million and $233.84 million was provided by operating activities and financing activities, respectively, while $96.53 million was used in investing activities. See the unaudited Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for data on cash and cash equivalents provided and used in operating, investing and financing activities for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015.       Securities       Total investment securities at September 30, 2016 increased $258.38
million or 21.46% from year-end 2015. Bank of Georgetown added $219.78 million in investment securities, including purchase accounting amounts, upon consummation of the acquisition. Securities available for sale increased $244.89 million or 22.97%.
This change in securities available for sale reflects $215.06 million acquired from Bank of Georgetown, $367.99 million in sales, maturities and calls of securities, $385.03 million in purchases, and an increase of $12.87 million in market value.
Securities held to maturity decreased $5.13 million or 13.12% from year-end 2015 due to calls and maturities of securities. Other investment securities increased $18.63 million or 18.86% from year-end 2015. Bank of Georgetown added $4.72 million in
other investment securities. Otherwise, Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) stock increased $7.94 million and FHLB stock increased $5.07 million.      The
following table summarizes the changes in the available for sale securities since year-end 2015:       
 
         61   

Table of Contents  

   The following table summarizes the changes in the held to maturity securities since year-end 2015:
      
    At September 30, 2016, gross unrealized losses on available for sale securities were $20.80 million. Securities in
an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 consisted primarily of Trup Cdos and single issue trust preferred securities. The Trup Cdos and the single issue trust preferred securities relate mainly to underlying securities of financial
institutions.      As of September 30, 2016, United s mortgage-backed securities had an amortized cost of $876.70 million, with an
estimated fair value of $896.20 million. The portfolio consisted primarily of $574.44 million in agency residential mortgage-backed securities with a fair value of $586.14 million, $7.14 million in non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
with an estimated fair value of $7.60 million, and $295.13 million in commercial agency mortgage-backed securities with an estimated fair value of $302.46 million. As of September 30, 2016, United s asset-backed securities had an amortized
cost of $1.01 million, with an estimated fair value of $1.01 million.      As of September 30, 2016, United s corporate securities had
an amortized cost of $98.34 million, with an estimated fair value of $77.00 million. The portfolio consisted primarily of $49.23 million in Trup Cdos with a fair value of $32.10 million and $32.66 million in single issue trust preferred securities
with an estimated fair value of $27.63 million. In addition to the trust preferred securities, the Company held positions in various other corporate securities, including marketable equity securities, with an amortized cost of $6.43 million and a
fair value of $7.19 million, only one of which was individually significant.      The Trup Cdos consisted of pools of trust preferred securities
issued by trusts related primarily to financial institutions and to a lesser extent, insurance companies. The Company has no exposure to Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) in its investment portfolio. The Company owns both senior and mezzanine
tranches in the Trup Cdos; however, the Company does not own any income notes. The senior and mezzanine tranches of Trup Cdos generally have some protection from defaults in the form of over-collateralization and excess spread revenues, along with
waterfall structures that redirect cash flows in the event certain coverage test requirements have failed. Generally, senior tranches have the greatest protection, with mezzanine tranches subordinated to the senior tranches, and income notes
subordinated to the mezzanine tranches. The fair value of senior tranches represents $5.74 million of the Company s pooled securities, while mezzanine tranches represent $26.36 million. Of the $26.36 million in mezzanine tranches, $8.29 million
are now in the Senior position as the Senior notes have been paid to a zero balance. As of September 30, 2016, Trup Cdos with a fair value of $3.64 million were investment grade, and the remaining $28.46 million were below investment grade. In
terms of capital adequacy, the Company allocates additional risk-based capital to the below investment grade securities. As of September 30, 2016, United s single issue trust preferred securities had a fair value of $27.63 million. Of the
$27.63 million, $12.68 million or 45.91% were investment grade; $8.48 million or 30.68% were split rated; $2.66 million or 9.62% were below investment grade; and $3.81 million or 13.79% were unrated. The two largest exposures accounted for 53.96% of
the $27.63 million. These included Wells Fargo at $8.70 million and SunTrust Bank at $6.21 million. All single-issue trust preferred securities are currently receiving full scheduled principal and interest payments.   
         62   

Table of Contents  

   The following two tables provide a summary of Trup Cdos as of September 30, 2016:   

(1)  
  Securities that are no longer owned by the Company have been removed from the tables.     

(1)  
   Performing  refers to all outstanding issuers less issuers that have either defaulted or are currently deferring their interest payment.

(2)  
   Expected Deferrals and Defaults  refers to projected future defaults on performing collateral and does not include the projected defaults on deferring
collateral.     

(3)  
  The  Discount  in the table above represents the Par Value less the Amortized Cost. This metric generally approximates the level of OTTI that has been
incurred on these securities.     
         63   

Table of Contents  

   The Company defines  Excess Subordination  as all outstanding collateral less the sum of
(i) 100% of the defaulted collateral, (ii) the sum of the projected net loss amounts for each piece of the deferring but not defaulted collateral and (iii) the amount of each Trup Cdo s debt that is either senior to or pari passu
with our security s priority level.      The calculation of excess subordination in the above table does not consider the OTTI the Company
has recognized on these securities. While the ratio of excess subordination provides some insight on overall collateralization levels, the Company completes an expected cash flow analysis each quarter to determine whether an adverse change in future
cash flows has occurred under ASC 320. The standard specifies that a cash flow projection can be present-valued at the security specific effective interest rate and the resulting present value compared to the amortized cost in order to quantify the
credit component of impairment. The Company utilizes the cash flow models to determine the net realizable value and assess whether additional OTTI has occurred.      While the ratio of excess subordination provides some insight on overall collateralization levels, the Company does not utilize this ratio to calculate OTTI. The ratio of excess subordination represents
only one component of the projected cash flow. The Company believes the excess subordination is limited as it does not consider the following:       

Waterfall structure and redirection of cash flows          

Excess interest spread          

Cash reserves         The
collateral backing of a particular tranche can be increased by decreasing the more senior liabilities of the Trup Cdo tranche. This occurs when collateral deterioration due to defaults and deferrals triggers alternative waterfall provisions of the
cash flow. The waterfall structure of the bond requires the excess spread to be rerouted away from the most junior classes of debt (which includes the income notes) in order to pay down the principal of the most senior liabilities. As these senior
liabilities are paid down, the senior and mezzanine tranches become better secured (due to the rerouting away from the income notes). Therefore, variances will exist between the calculated excess subordination measure and the amount of OTTI
recognized due to the impact of the specific structural features of each bond as it relates to the cash flow models.      The following is a
summary of available for sale single-issue trust preferred securities as of September 30, 2016:       
    Additionally, the Company owns two single-issue trust preferred securities that are classified as held-to-maturity and
include at least one rating below investment grade. These securities include SunTrust Bank ($6.21 million) and Royal Bank of Scotland ($975 thousand).      During the third quarter of 2016, United recognized no other-than-temporary impairment charges. Management does not believe that any individual security with an unrealized loss as of September 30,
2016 is other-than-temporarily impaired. United believes the decline in value resulted from changes in market interest rates, credit spreads and liquidity, not an adverse change in the expected contractual cash flows. Based on a review of each of
the securities in   
         64   

Table of Contents  

the investment portfolio, management concluded that it was not probable that it would be unable to realize the cost basis investment and appropriate interest payments on such securities. United
has the intent and the ability to hold these securities until such time as the value recovers or the securities mature. However, United acknowledges that any impaired securities may be sold in future periods in response to significant, unanticipated
changes in asset/liability management decisions, unanticipated future market movements or business plan changes.      Further information
regarding the amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities, including remaining maturities as well as a more detailed discussion of management s other-than-temporary impairment analysis, is presented in Note 3 to the
unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.       Loans       Loans held for sale increased $276 thousand or 2.58% as loan originations in the secondary market exceeded loan sales during the first nine months of 2016. Portfolio loans, net of unearned income,
increased $1.05 billion or 11.21% from year-end 2015 mainly as a result of the Bank of Georgetown acquisition which added $968.20 million, including purchase accounting amounts, in portfolio loans. Since year-end 2015, commercial, financial and
agricultural loans increased $807.45 million or 14.88% as commercial real estate loans increased $721.92 million and commercial loans (not secured by real estate) increased $85.53 million. In addition, residential real estate loans and other
consumer loans increased $118.03 million or 5.20% and $135.93 million or 31.55%, respectively, while construction and land development loans decreased $8.7 million or less than 1%. The increases were due primarily to the Bank of Georgetown
acquisition. Otherwise, portfolio loans, net of unearned income, grew organically $111.72 million from year-end 2015.      The following table
summarizes the changes in the major loan classes since year-end 2015:       
    For a further discussion of loans see Note 4 to the unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   
   Other Assets       Other assets increased
$28.64 million or 7.57% from year-end 2015. The cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance policies increased $16.71 million, of which $13.03 million was acquired from Bank of Georgetown while the remaining increase was due to an increase in
the cash surrender value. The remainder of the increase in other assets is the result of an increase of $4.57 million in deferred tax assets, an increase of $6.27 million in core deposit intangibles and an increase of $3.69 million in fees
receivable from automobile dealers. Partially offsetting these increases in other assets is a decrease of $4.92 million in income tax receivable.   
         65   

Table of Contents  

    Deposits       Deposits represent United s primary source of funding. Total deposits at September 30, 2016 increased $1.24 billion or 13.24% from year-end 2015 as a result of the Bank of Georgetown
acquisition. Bank of Georgetown added $971.69 million in deposits, including purchase accounting amounts. In terms of composition, noninterest-bearing deposits increased $550.50 million or 20.39% while interest-bearing deposits increased $686.31
million or 10.33% from December 31, 2015. Organically, deposits grew $265.18 million from year-end 2015.      The increase in
noninterest-bearing deposits was due mainly to increases in commercial noninterest-bearing deposits of $501.58 million or 25.01%, personal noninterest-bearing deposits of $29.08 million or 5.57% and noninterest-bearing public funds of $23.76 million
or 26.79% as a result of the Bank of Georgetown acquisition.      All major categories of interest-bearing deposits except time deposits under
$100,000 increased from year-end 2015 as the result of the Bank of Georgetown acquisition. Interest-bearing checking accounts increased $99.56 million or 5.91% mainly due to a $72.38 million increase in commercial interest-bearing checking accounts
and a $73.72 million increase in public interest-bearing checking accounts, which were partially offset by a $46.54 million decrease in personal interest-bearing checking accounts. Interest-bearing MMDAs increased $579.53 million or 24.47% as
commercial MMDAs increased $289.12 million or 21.36% and personal MMDAs increased $194.26 million or 19.75%. In addition, public MMDAs increased $57.43 million or 184.38% and brokered MMDAs increased $38.73 million. Time deposits over $100,000
increased $61.79 million or 5.60% due to brokered deposits increasing $111.41 million, as a result of the Bank of Georgetown acquisition, which was partially offset by Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS) balances decreasing
$100.26 million. Regular savings increased $27.84 million or 4.02%. Time deposits under $100,000 decreased $82.42 million or 10.37%. This decrease in time deposits under $100,000 is the result of a $69.86 million decrease in fixed rate certificates
of deposits (CDs) and a $10.46 million decrease in variable rate CDs.      The following table summarizes the changes in the deposit categories
since year-end 2015:       

Borrowings       Total borrowings at
September 30, 2016 increased $201.39 million or 14.00% during the first nine months of 2016. Bank of Georgetown added $168.68 million, including purchase accounting amounts, upon consummation of the acquisition. Since year-end 2015, short-term
borrowings increased $44.13 million or 10.43% due to increases of $15 million and $19.16 million in short-term FHLB advances and short-term securities sold under agreements to repurchase, respectively. In addition, federal funds purchased increased
$9.97 million. Bank of Georgetown added   
         66   

Table of Contents  

$101.02 million in short-term borrowings. Long-term borrowings increased $157.26 million or 15.49% since year-end 2015 as long-term FHLB advances increased $157.50 million. Bank of Georgetown
added $67.66 million in long-term borrowings, including purchase accounting amounts.      The table below summarizes the change in the borrowing
categories since year-end 2015:       
    For a further discussion of borrowings see Notes 8 and 9 to the unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
      Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities       Accrued expenses and other liabilities at September 30, 2016 increased $12.33 million or 14.58% from year-end 2015. In particular, deferred compensation increased $2.15 million, derivative
liabilities increased $5.63 million and dividends payable increased $2.25 million. In addition, other accrued expenses increased $1.89 million.   
   Shareholders  Equity    
  Shareholders  equity at September 30, 2016 increased $316.04 million or 18.45% from December 31, 2015 mainly as a result of the Bank of
Georgetown acquisition. The Bank of Georgetown transaction added approximately $264.51 million as 6,527,746 shares were issued from United s authorized but unissued shares for the merger at a cost of approximately $253.80 million. Earnings net
of dividends for the first nine months of 2016 were $34.60 million.      Accumulated other comprehensive income increased $10.18 million due
mainly to an increase of $7.71 million in United s available for sale investment portfolio, net of deferred income taxes. The after tax non-credit portion of pension costs was $2.24 million for the first nine months of 2016.   
   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS        Overview
      Net income for the first nine months of 2016 was $107.98 million or $1.48 per diluted share compared to $104.48 million or $1.50 per
diluted share for the first nine months of 2015. Net income for the third quarter of 2016 was $41.48 million or $0.54 per diluted share, as compared to $35.05 million or $0.50 per diluted share for the prior year third quarter.   
  As previously mentioned, United completed its acquisition of Bank of Georgetown after the close of business on June 3, 2016. The financial results
of Bank of Georgetown are included in United s results from the acquisition date. As a result, the first nine months and third quarter of 2016 were impacted by increased levels of average balances, income, and expense as compared to the first
nine months and third quarter of 2015 due to the acquisition. In addition, the first nine months and third quarter of 2016 included $5.61 million and $924 thousand, respectively, of merger-related expenses.   
         67   

Table of Contents  

   United s annualized return on average assets for the first nine months of 2016 was 1.10% and return on
average shareholders  equity was 7.73% as compared to 1.14% and 8.25% for the first nine months of 2015. For the third quarter of 2016, United s annualized return on average assets was 1.17% and return on average shareholders  equity
was 8.10% as compared to 1.12% and 8.14% for the third quarter of 2015. United s Federal Reserve peer group s (bank holding companies with total assets over $10 billion) most recently reported average return on assets and average return on
equity were 0.88% and 7.66%, respectively, for the second quarter of 2016.      Net interest income for the first nine months of 2016 was $312.08
million, an increase of $25.11 million or 8.75% from the prior year s first nine months. The increase in net interest income occurred because total interest income increased $28.33 million while total interest expense only increased $3.22
million from the first nine months of 2015. Net interest income for the third quarter of 2016 was $111.07 million, an increase of $14.75 million or 15.31% from prior year s third quarter. The increase in net interest income occurred because
total interest income increased $16.83 million while total interest expense only increased $2.08 million from the third quarter of 2015.      The
provision for loan losses was $18.69 million and $6.99 million for the first nine months and third quarter of 2016, respectively, as compared to $16.25 million and $5.18 million for the first nine months and third quarter of 2015, respectively.
Noninterest income for the first nine months of 2016 was $53.38 million, which was a decrease of $2.12 million or 3.82% from the first nine months of 2015. For the third quarter of 2016, noninterest income was $19.02 million, which was an increase
of $1.21 million or 6.79% from the third quarter of 2015. For the first nine months of 2016, noninterest expense increased $12.62 million or 7.29% from the first nine months of 2015. For the third quarter of 2016, noninterest expense increased $5.09
million or 8.83% from the third quarter of 2015. These increases from 2015 were due mainly to increased general operating and merger-related expenses from the Bank of Georgetown acquisition.      For the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, income tax expense was $53.10 million and $48.67 million, respectively. The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 was 32.97% and 31.78%,
respectively. Income taxes for the first nine months of 2015 included historical tax credits. Income taxes for the third quarter of 2016 were $18.85 million as compared to $16.22 million for the third quarter of 2015. This increase was mainly due to
higher earnings for the third quarter of 2016 and the release of tax reserves in the third quarter of 2015 due to the expiration of the statute of limitations partially offset by reduction in the current tax expense as a result of an increase in
United s deferred tax rate. For the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, United s effective tax rate was 31.24% and 31.63%, respectively.      The following discussion explains in more detail the results of operations by major category.   
   Net Interest Income       Net interest income
represents the primary component of United s earnings. It is the difference between interest income from earning assets and interest expense incurred to fund these assets. Net interest income is impacted by changes in the volume and mix of
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in market interest rates. Such changes, and their impact on net interest income in 2016 and 2015, are presented below.   
  Net interest income for the first nine months of 2016 was $312.08 million, which was an increase of $25.11 million or 8.75% from the first nine months of
2015. The $25.11 million increase in net interest income occurred because total interest income increased $28.33 million while total interest expense only increased $3.22 million from the first nine months of 2015. Net interest income for the third
quarter of 2016 was $111.07 million, which was an increase of $14.75 million or 15.31% from the third quarter of 2015. The $14.75 million increase in net interest income occurred because   
         68   

Table of Contents  

total interest income increased $16.83 million while total interest expense only increased $2.08 million from the third quarter of 2015. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income for the
third quarter of 2016 increased $8.34 million or 8.12% from the second quarter of 2016. The $8.34 million increase in net interest income occurred because total interest income increased $10.05 million while total interest expense only increased
$1.71 million from the second quarter of 2016. Generally, the increases in interest income were because of the earning assets added from the Bank of Georgetown acquisition. In addition, loan accretion on acquired loans for the first nine months and
third quarter of 2016 increased from the same time periods last year and the second quarter of 2016. For the purpose of this remaining discussion, net interest income is presented on a tax-equivalent basis to provide a comparison among all types of
interest earning assets. The tax-equivalent basis adjusts for the tax-favored status of income from certain loans and investments. Although this is a non-GAAP measure, United s management believes this measure is more widely used within the
financial services industry and provides better comparability of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt sources. United uses this measure to monitor net interest income performance and to manage its balance sheet composition.
     Tax-equivalent net interest income for the first nine months of 2016 was $316.64 million, an increase of $24.86 million or 8.52% from the
first nine months of 2015. This increase in tax-equivalent net interest income was primarily attributable to an increase in average earning assets from the Bank of Georgetown acquisition and loan growth. Average earning assets increased $806.27
million or 7.42% from the first nine months of 2015 as average net loans increased $775.15 million or 8.61% for the first nine months of 2016. Average investment securities increased $24.85 million or 1.95%. In addition, the average yield on earning
assets increased 5 basis points from the first nine months of 2015 due to additional loan accretion of $5.71 million on acquired loans and higher market interest rates. Partially offsetting the increases to tax-equivalent net interest income for the
first nine months of 2016 was an increase of 2 basis points in the average cost of funds as compared to the first nine months of 2015 due to higher market interest rates. The net interest margin of 3.62% for the first nine months of 2016 was an
increase of 3 basis points from the net interest margin of 3.59% for the first nine months of 2015.      Tax-equivalent net interest income for
the third quarter of 2016 was $112.63 million, an increase of $14.66 million or 14.97% from the third quarter of 2015 due mainly to an increase in average earning assets from the Bank of Georgetown acquisition and loan growth. Average earning assets
for the third quarter of 2016 increased $1.58 billion or 14.34% from the third quarter of 2015 due mainly to a $1.33 billion or 14.77% increase in average net loans. Average short-term investments increased $56.16 million or 7.45% while average
investment securities increased $190.88 million or 15.38%. The third quarter of 2016 average yield on earning assets increased 5 basis points from the third quarter of 2015 due to additional loan accretion of $2.60 million on acquired loans and
higher market interest rates. Partially offsetting the increases to tax-equivalent net interest income for the third quarter of 2016 was an increase of 4 basis points in the average cost of funds as compared to the third quarter of 2015 due to the
higher market interest rates. The net interest margin of 3.56% for the third quarter of 2016 was an increase of 3 basis points from the net interest margin of 3.53% for the third quarter of 2015.   
  On a linked-quarter basis, United s tax-equivalent net interest income for the third quarter of 2016 increased $8.39 million or 8.05% due mainly to
an increase in average earning assets from the Bank of Georgetown merger. Average earning assets increased $1.19 billion or 10.45% for the linked-quarter. Average net loans increased $684.64 million or 7.08% while average investment securities
increased $165.86 million or 13.10%. Average short-term investments increased $341.87 million or 73.01%. Partially offsetting the impact of the increases in average earning assets for the third quarter of 2016 was a decrease of 10 basis points in
the average yield on earning assets due mainly to lower yielding investment securities acquired from Bank of Georgetown and an increase of 3 basis points in the average cost of funds as compared to the second quarter of 2016. The net interest margin
of 3.56% for the third quarter of 2016 was a decrease of 11 basis points from the net interest margin of 3.67% for the second quarter of 2016.   
         69   

Table of Contents  

   United s tax-equivalent net interest income also includes the impact of acquisition accounting fair
value adjustments. The following table provides the discount/premium and net accretion impact to tax-equivalent net interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and June 30, 2016 and the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015:       
    The following tables reconcile the difference between net interest income and tax-equivalent net interest income for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and June 30, 2016 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.   

(1)  
  The tax-equivalent adjustment combines amounts of interest income on federally nontaxable loans and investment securities using the statutory federal income tax rate of
35%. All interest income on loans and investment securities was subject to state income taxes.     
         70   

Table of Contents  

   The following tables show the unaudited consolidated daily average balance of major categories of assets and
liabilities for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, with the interest and rate earned or paid on such amount. The interest income and yields on federally nontaxable loans and investment
securities are presented on a tax-equivalent basis using the statutory federal income tax rate of 35%. Interest income on all loans and investment securities was subject to state income taxes.   

(1)  
  The interest income and the yields on federally nontaxable loans and investment securities are presented on a tax-equivalent basis using the statutory federal income
tax rate of 35%.     

(2)  
  Nonaccruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding.     
         71   

Table of Contents  

(1)  
  The interest income and the yields on federally nontaxable loans and investment securities are presented on a tax-equivalent basis using the statutory federal income
tax rate of 35%.     

(2)  
  Nonaccruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding.         Provision for Loan Losses       The provision for loan losses for the first nine months of 2016
and 2015 was $18.69 million and $16.25 million, respectively. For the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the provision for loan losses was $6.99 million and $5.18 million, respectively. The higher amount of provision for the third
quarter of 2016 was due mainly to higher historical loss rates within the commercial loan portfolio and increased outstanding balances within those pools. Net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2016 were $21.76 million as compared to $16.30
million for the first nine months of 2015. Net charge-offs were $6.78 million for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to net charge-offs of $4.92 million for the same quarter in 2015. These higher amounts of net charge-offs for 2016 compared to
2015 were   
         72   

Table of Contents  

primarily due to large charge-offs on two commercial loan relationships in the second and third quarter of 2016. On a linked-quarter basis, the provision for loan losses decreased $679 thousand
while net charge-offs decreased $3.93 million from the second quarter of 2016 due mainly to the large charge-off and a higher rate of loss recognition in the second quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans were 0.30% and
0.26% for the first nine months and third quarter of 2016, respectively.      At September 30, 2016, nonperforming loans were $109.74 million
or 1.05% of loans, net of unearned income, down from nonperforming loans of $126.71 million or 1.35% of loans, net of unearned income at December 31, 2015. The components of nonperforming loans include: 1) nonaccrual loans, 2) loans which are
contractually past due 90 days or more as to interest or principal, but have not been put on a nonaccrual basis and 3) loans whose terms have been restructured for economic or legal reasons due to financial difficulties of the borrowers.   
  Loans past due 90 days or more were $11.39 million at September 30, 2016 which was virtually flat from $11.63 million at year-end 2015. At
September 30, 2016, nonaccrual loans were $77.04 million, a decrease of $14.15 million or 15.52% from $91.19 million at year-end 2015. This decrease was due to nonaccrual loans either transferred to OREO or charged-off. Restructured loans were
$21.31 million at September 30, 2016 which was a decrease of $2.58 million or 10.81% from $23.89 million of restructured loans at year-end 2015. Seven loans totaling $4.83 million were restructured during the first nine months of 2016, one loan
for $1.07 million was removed from restructured status due to a satisfactory payment history and loan terms which reflected a market rate of interest, and two loans within one relationship for $2.99 million were repaid. The remaining difference was
mainly due to repayments. The loss potential on these loans has been properly evaluated and allocated within the company s allowance for loan losses.      Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and real estate acquired in foreclosure or other settlement of loans (OREO). Total nonperforming assets of $141.94 million, including OREO of $32.20
million at September 30, 2016, represented 0.99% of total assets.      Loans are designated as impaired when, in the opinion of management,
the collection of principal and interest in accordance with the loan contract is doubtful. At September 30, 2016, impaired loans were $331.68 million, which was an increase of $76.51 million or 29.98% from $255.18 million at December 31,
2015 due mainly to the Bank of Georgetown acquisition. For further details regarding impaired loans, see Note 5 to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.      United maintains an allowance for loan losses and a reserve for lending-related commitments. The combined allowance for loan losses and reserve for lending-related commitments are referred to as the
allowance for credit losses. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the allowance for credit losses was $73.78 million and $76.66 million, respectively.      At September 30, 2016, the allowance for loan losses was $72.66 million as compared to $75.73 million at December 31, 2015. As a percentage of loans, net of unearned income, the allowance for
loan losses was 0.70% at September 30, 2016 and 0.81% at December 31, 2015. In accordance with accounting rules, United is unable to carry-over an acquired banking company s previously established allowance for loan losses because
acquired loans are recorded at fair value. Therefore, due to this acquisition accounting impact on the allowance for loans losses as well as loans, net of unearned income, management believes that excluding acquired loans in the calculation of the
allowance for loan losses as a percentage of loans, net of unearned income separates the difference in the accounting rules for acquired loans and originated loans as well as provides for improved comparability to prior periods and to other
financial institutions without acquired loans.   
         73   

Table of Contents  

   The table below presents United s allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-acquired loans, net
of unearned income for the years ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       
    The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans or coverage ratio was 66.21% and 59.76% at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company s detailed methodology and analysis indicated a minimal increase in the allowance for loan losses primarily because of the offsetting factors of changes within
historical loss rates and reduced loss allocations on impaired loans.      Allocations are made for specific commercial loans based upon
management s estimate of the borrowers  ability to repay and other factors impacting collectibility. Other commercial loans not specifically reviewed on an individual basis are evaluated based on historical loss percentages applied to loan
pools that have been segregated by risk. Allocations for loans other than commercial loans are made based upon historical loss experience adjusted for current environmental conditions. The allowance for credit losses includes estimated probable
inherent but unidentified losses within the portfolio due to uncertainties in economic conditions, delays in obtaining information, including unfavorable information about a borrower s financial condition, the difficulty in identifying
triggering events that correlate perfectly to subsequent loss rates, and risk factors that have not yet fully manifested themselves in loss allocation factors. In addition, a portion of the allowance accounts for the inherent imprecision in the
allowance for credit losses analysis.      United s formal company-wide review of the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016
produced decreased allocations in three of the six loan categories. The allocation related to the real estate construction and development loan pool decreased $6.32 million due to a decrease in specific allocations as well as historical loss rates
applied to the portfolio. The residential real estate loan pool allocation decreased $1.07 million due to an improvement in historical loss. The other commercial loan pool allocation decreased $1.92 million due to the recognition of losses
previously allocated. Partially offsetting these decreases was an increase in the commercial real estate owner-occupied loan pool allocation of $2.44 million due to an increase in criticized loans within the portfolio and an increase in the
corresponding historical loss rate. In addition, the commercial real estate nonowner-occupied loan pool allocation increased $2.94 million due to an increase in the overall portfolio, an increase in criticized loans as well as an increase in
specific allocations. The consumer loan pool also experienced an increase of $672 thousand due to an increase in portfolio outstandings. In summary, the overall level of the allowance for loan losses declined $3.07 million or 4.05% from year-end
2015 as a result of the factors within the loan portfolio as described above and charge-offs recorded during the first nine months of 2016.   
  An allowance is established for probable credit losses on impaired loans via specific allocations. Nonperforming commercial loans and leases are
regularly reviewed to identify impairment. A loan or lease is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts contractually due. Measuring impairment of a loan requires
judgment and estimates, and the eventual outcomes may differ from those estimates. Impairment is measured based upon the present value of expected future cash flows from the loan discounted at the loan s effective rate, the loan s
observable market price or the fair value of collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. When the selected measure is less than the recorded investment in the loan, an impairment has occurred. The allowance for impaired loans was $23.15 million
at September 30, 2016 and $27.79 million at December 31, 2015. In comparison to the prior year-end, this element of the allowance decreased by $4.64 million primarily due to decreased specific allocations for other commercial loans.
  
         74   

Table of Contents  

   Management believes that the allowance for credit losses of $73.78 million at September 30, 2016 is
adequate to provide for probable losses on existing loans and lending-related commitments based on information currently available. Note 6 to the accompanying unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements provides a progression of the
allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment.      United s loan administration policies are focused on the risk characteristics of the
loan portfolio in terms of loan approval and credit quality. The commercial loan portfolio is monitored for possible concentrations of credit in one or more industries. Management has lending limits as a percentage of capital per type of credit
concentration in an effort to ensure adequate diversification within the portfolio. Most of United s commercial loans are secured by real estate located in West Virginia, southeastern Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Maryland and the District of
Columbia. It is the opinion of management that these commercial loans do not pose any unusual risks and that adequate consideration has been given to these loans in establishing the allowance for credit losses.   
  Management is not aware of any potential problem loans, trends or uncertainties, which it reasonably expects, will materially impact future operating
results, liquidity, or capital resources which have not been disclosed. Additionally, management has disclosed all known material credits, which cause management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the loan
repayment schedules.       Other Income       Other income consists of all revenues, which are not included in interest and fee income related to earning assets. Noninterest income has been and will continue to be an important factor for improving
United s profitability. Recognizing the importance, management continues to evaluate areas where noninterest income can be enhanced.   
  Noninterest income for the first nine months of 2016 was $53.38 million, which was a decrease of $2.12 million or 3.82% from the first nine months of
2015. This decrease was mainly due to lower fees from deposit services as a result of the Durbin Amendment being effective for United on July 1, 2015. As previously mentioned, the Durbin Amendment, passed as part of the Dodd-Frank financial
reform legislation, limits fees for debit card processing paid by merchants to banking companies with assets in excess of $10 billion. Noninterest income for the third quarter of 2016 was $19.02 million, an increase of $1.21 million or 6.79% from
the third quarter of 2015 due mainly to death benefits on bank-owned insurance policies recorded during the third quarter of 2016.      Fees from
deposit services for the first nine months of 2016 were $24.67 million, a decrease of $4.60 million or 15.71% from the first nine months of 2015. Debit card income declined $2.89 million for the first nine months of 2016 as a result of the Durbin
Amendment. In addition, income from overdraft fees declined $1.27 million during the first nine months of 2016. For the third quarter of 2016, fees from deposit services were $8.31 million, a decrease of $753 thousand or 8.31% from the third quarter
of 2015. In particular, income from overdraft fees declined $498 thousand and debit card income declined $252 thousand during the third quarter of 2016.      Income from bank-owned life insurance for the first nine months of 2016 increased $1.15 million or 30.49% from the first nine months of 2015. Income from bank-owned life insurance increased $1.31 million
or 105.92% for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015. These increases were due to the death benefits recorded in the third quarter of 2016.      Mortgage banking income increased $626 thousand or 33.42% for the first nine months of 2016 from the same period in 2015 due to increased spreads on the sales of mortgage loans in the secondary market.
Mortgage loan sales were $112.70 million in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to $113.71 million in the first nine months of 2015.   
         75   

Table of Contents  

   On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest income for the third quarter of 2016 increased $1.05 million or 5.87%
from the second quarter of 2016. Income from bank-owned insurance policies increased $1.35 million due to the death benefits recorded during the third quarter.       Other Expenses       Just as management continues to evaluate areas where noninterest income can
be enhanced, it strives to improve the efficiency of its operations to reduce costs. Other expenses include all items of expense other than interest expense, the provision for loan losses, and income taxes. For the first nine months of 2016,
noninterest expense increased $12.62 million or 7.29% from the first nine months of 2015. Noninterest expense increased $5.09 million or 8.83% for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.   
  Employee compensation increased $5.43 million or 8.53% for the first nine months of 2016 when compared to the first nine months of 2015. Merger severance
charges of $670 thousand were included in the first nine months of 2016. Otherwise, base salaries increased $2.63 million or 4.18% due mainly to merit increases. Also, expense for employee incentives increased $2.26 million. Employee compensation
for the third quarter of 2016 increased $1.51 million or 6.67% from the third quarter of 2015. In addition to the merger severance charges, base salaries increased $684 thousand or 3.06% mainly due to merit increases.   
  Employee benefits expense for the first nine months of 2016 increased $1.30 million or 6.47% as compared to the first nine months of 2015. Employee
benefits expense for the third quarter of 2016 increased $793 thousand or 11.85% from the third quarter of 2015. Included in employee benefits expense for the first nine months and third quarter of 2016 was $584 thousand of expense on assumed
benefit agreements from the Bank of Georgetown acquisition. Otherwise health insurance expense for the first nine months and third quarter of 2016 increased $1.04 million and $352 thousand from the same time periods last year due to higher premiums.
     Net occupancy expense increased $2.22 million or 11.86% for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the first nine months of 2015.
Included in net occupancy expense for the first nine months of 2016 were charges of $1.58 million for the termination of leases for closed offices in the Bank of Georgetown acquisition. For the third quarter of 2016, net occupancy expense increased
$1.27 million or 22.37% from the third quarter of 2015 due to increased office lease costs.      Other real estate owned (OREO) expense for the
first nine months and third quarter of 2016 increased $1.65 million or 54.98% and $573 thousand or 74.51%, respectively, from the first nine months and third quarter of 2015 due to decreases in the fair value on OREO properties.   
  Other expense for the first nine months of 2016 increased $2.51 million or 5.94% from the first nine months of 2015. For the third quarter of 2016, other
expense increased $1.10 million or 8.33%. Included in other expense for the first nine months and third quarter of 2016 were merger-related expenses of $2.48 million and $620 thousand, respectively.   
  On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2016 decreased $2.08 million or 3.20% from the second quarter of 2016 generally
due to a decline of $3.54 million in merger-related expenses. In addition, OREO expense decreased $1.32 million due to fewer declines in the fair value of OREO properties. Partially offsetting these declines was an increase of $1.58 million in
employee compensation due to additional employees from the Bank of Georgetown merger and a higher amount of employee incentives.       Income
Taxes       Income tax expense for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 was $53.10 million and $48.67 million, respectively. For the first
nine months of 2016 and 2015, United s effective tax rate was 32.97% and 31.78%, respectively. Included   
         76   

Table of Contents  

in income tax expense for the first nine months of 2015 were historical tax credits. Income taxes for the third quarter of 2016 were $18.85 million as compared to $16.22 million for the third
quarter of 2015. This increase was mainly due to higher earnings for the third quarter of 2016 and the release of tax reserves in the third quarter of 2015 due to the expiration of the statute of limitations partially offset by reduction in the
current tax expense as a result of an increase in United s deferred tax rate. For the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, United s effective tax rate was 31.24% and 31.63%, respectively. On a linked-quarter basis, income tax
expense increased $2.47 million due to higher earnings partially offset by reduction in the current tax expense as a result of an increase in the deferred tax rate. For the second quarter of 2016, United s effective tax rate was 34.00%. For
further details related to income taxes, see Note 15 of the unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this document.       Contractual Obligations, Commitments, Contingent Liabilities and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements       United has various financial obligations, including contractual obligations and commitments, that may require future cash payments. Please refer to United s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015 for disclosures with respect to United s fixed and determinable contractual obligations. As previously mentioned, United completed its acquisition of Bank of Georgetown during the second quarter of 2016. As such,
United assumed the financial obligations of Bank of Georgetown, including contractual obligations and commitments, which also may require future payments. Otherwise, there have been no material changes outside the ordinary course of business since
year-end 2015 in the specified contractual obligations disclosed in United s Annual Report on Form 10-K.      As of September 30,
2016, United recorded a liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, of $2.20 million in accordance with ASC topic 740. This liability represents an estimate of tax positions that United has taken in its tax returns which
may ultimately not be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. Since the ultimate amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, this estimated liability is excluded from the contractual
obligations table in the 2015 Form 10-K report.      United also enters into derivative contracts, mainly to protect against adverse interest rate
movements on the value of certain assets or liabilities, under which it is required to either pay cash to or receive cash from counterparties depending on changes in interest rates. Derivative contracts are carried at fair value and not notional
value on the consolidated balance sheet. Because the derivative contracts recorded on the balance sheet at September 30, 2016 do not present the amounts that may ultimately be paid under these contracts, they are excluded from the contractual
obligations table in the 2015 Form 10-K report. Further discussion of derivative instruments is presented in Note 11 to the unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.      United is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include loan commitments
and standby letters of credit. United s maximum exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the financial instrument for the loan commitments and standby letters of credit is the contractual or notional amount
of those instruments. United uses the same policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment
amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Further discussion of off-balance sheet commitments is included in Note 10 to the unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   
   Liquidity       In the opinion of management,
United maintains liquidity that is sufficient to satisfy its depositors  requirements and the credit needs of its customers. Like all banks, United depends upon its ability to renew maturing deposits and other liabilities on a daily basis and
to acquire new funds in a variety of markets. A significant source of funds available to United is  core deposits . Core deposits include certain demand deposits, statement and special savings and NOW accounts. These deposits are
relatively stable, and they are the lowest cost source of funds available to United. Short-term   
         77   

Table of Contents  

borrowings have also been a significant source of funds. These include federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase as well as advances from the FHLB. Repurchase
agreements represent funds which are obtained as the result of a competitive bidding process.      Liquid assets are cash and those items readily
convertible to cash. All banks must maintain sufficient balances of cash and near-cash items to meet the day-to-day demands of customers and United s cash needs. Other than cash and due from banks, the available for sale securities portfolio
and maturing loans are the primary sources of liquidity.      The goal of liquidity management is to ensure the ability to access funding which
enables United to efficiently satisfy the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers and meet United s cash needs. Liquidity is managed by monitoring funds  availability from a number of primary sources. Substantial funding is
available from cash and cash equivalents, unused short-term borrowing and a geographically dispersed network of branches providing access to a diversified and substantial retail deposit market.   
  Short-term needs can be met through a wide array of outside sources such as correspondent and downstream correspondent federal funds and utilization of
Federal Home Loan Bank advances.      Other sources of liquidity available to United to provide long-term as well as short-term funding
alternatives, in addition to FHLB advances, are long-term certificates of deposit, lines of credit, borrowings that are secured by bank premises or stock of United s subsidiaries and issuances of trust preferred securities. In the normal course
of business, United through its Asset Liability Committee evaluates these as well as other alternative funding strategies that may be utilized to meet short-term and long-term funding needs.      For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cash of $123.87 million was provided by operating activities due mainly to net income of $107.98 million for the first nine months of 2016. Net cash of
$96.53 million was used in investing activities which was primarily due to net loan growth of $111.72 million and net purchases of investment securities of $11.75 million. Partially offsetting these uses of cash was net cash of $29.33 million
provided in the Bank of Georgetown acquisition. During the first nine months of 2016, net cash of $233.84 million was provided by financing activities due primarily to deposit growth of $265.18 million and net proceeds from long-term FHLB borrowings
of $69.92 million. Partially offsetting these increases to cash was the payment of cash dividends in the amount of $71.13 million for the first nine months of 2016. The net effect of the cash flow activities was an increase in cash and cash
equivalents of $261.17 million for the first nine months of 2016.      United anticipates it can meet its obligations over the next 12 months and
has no material commitments for capital expenditures. There are no known trends, demands, commitments, or events that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in United s liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way.
United also has lines of credit available. See Notes 8 and 9 to the accompanying unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more details regarding the amounts available to United under lines of credit.   
  The Asset Liability Committee monitors liquidity to ascertain that a liquidity position within certain prescribed parameters is maintained. No changes
are anticipated in the policies of United s Asset Liability Committee.       Capital Resources    
  United s capital position is financially sound. United seeks to maintain a proper relationship between capital and total assets to support growth and
sustain earnings. United has historically generated attractive returns on shareholders  equity. United is well-capitalized based upon regulatory guidelines. United s risk-based capital ratio is 12.79% at September 30, 2016 while its
Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and leverage ratios are 10.13%, 12.14% and 10.49%, respectively. The regulatory requirements for a well-capitalized financial institution are a risk-based capital ratio of 10.0%, a Common Equity Tier 1
capital ratio of 6.5%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.0% and a leverage ratio of 5.0%.   
         78   

Table of Contents  

   Total shareholders  equity was $2.03 billion at September 30, 2016, increasing $316.04 million or
18.45% from December 31, 2015 primarily due to the Bank of Georgetown acquisition. United s equity to assets ratio was 14.14% at September 30, 2016 as compared to 13.62% at December 31, 2015. The primary capital ratio, capital
and reserves to total assets and reserves, was 14.58% at September 30, 2016 as compared to 14.14% at December 31, 2015. United s average equity to average asset ratio was 14.24% for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to 13.85%
for the first nine months of 2015. All of these financial measurements reflect a financially sound position.      During the third quarter of
2016, United s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.33 per share. Cash dividends were $0.99 per common share for the first nine months of 2016. Total cash dividends declared were $25.22 million for the third quarter of 2016 and
$73.38 million for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to $22.26 million and $66.70 million, respectively, for the third quarter and first nine months of 2015.       

Item 3.   
   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK         The objective of United s Asset Liability Management function is to maintain consistent growth in net interest income within United s policy guidelines. This objective is accomplished through
the management of balance sheet liquidity and interest rate risk exposures due to changes in economic conditions, interest rate levels and customer preferences.       Interest Rate Risk       Management considers interest rate risk to be United s most
significant market risk. Interest rate risk is the exposure to adverse changes in United s net interest income as a result of changes in interest rates. United s earnings are largely dependent on the effective management of interest rate
risk.      Management of interest rate risk focuses on maintaining consistent growth in net interest income within Board-approved policy limits.
United s Asset/Liability Management Committee (ALCO), which includes senior management representatives and reports to the Board of Directors, monitors and manages interest rate risk to maintain an acceptable level of change to net interest
income as a result of changes in interest rates. Policy established for interest rate risk is stated in terms of the change in net interest income over a one-year and two-year horizon given an immediate and sustained increase or decrease in interest
rates. The current limits approved by the Board of Directors are structured on a staged basis with each stage requiring specific actions.   
  United employs a variety of measurement techniques to identify and manage its exposure to changing interest rates. One such technique utilizes an
earnings simulation model to analyze the sensitivity of net interest income to movements in interest rates. The model is based on actual cash flows and repricing characteristics for on and off-balance sheet instruments and incorporates market-based
assumptions regarding the impact of changing interest rates on the prepayment rate of certain assets and liabilities. The model also includes executive management projections for activity levels in product lines offered by United. Assumptions based
on the historical behavior of deposit rates and balances in relation to changes in interest rates are also incorporated into the model. Rate scenarios could involve parallel or nonparallel shifts in the yield curve, depending on historical, current,
and expected conditions, as well as the need to capture any material effects of explicit or embedded options. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely measure net interest income or precisely predict
the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and management s
strategies.      Interest sensitive assets and liabilities are defined as those assets or liabilities that mature or are repriced within a
designated time frame. The principal function of managing interest rate risk is to maintain an appropriate relationship between those assets and liabilities that are sensitive to changing market interest rates. The difference between rate sensitive
assets and rate sensitive liabilities for specified periods of time is known as the  GAP.  Earnings-simulation   
         79   

Table of Contents  

analysis captures not only the potential of these interest sensitive assets and liabilities to mature or reprice, but also the probability that they will do so. Moreover, earnings-simulation
analysis considers the relative sensitivities of these balance sheet items and projects their behavior over an extended period of time. United closely monitors the sensitivity of its assets and liabilities on an on-going basis and projects the
effect of various interest rate changes on its net interest margin.      The following table shows United s estimated earnings sensitivity
profile as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       
    At September 30, 2016, given an immediate, sustained 100 basis point upward shock to the yield curve used in the
simulation model, net interest income for United is estimated to decrease by 0.47% over one year as compared to a decrease of 0.85% at December 31, 2015. A 200 basis point immediate, sustained upward shock in the yield curve would decrease net
interest income by an estimated 0.89% over one year as of September 30, 2016, as compared to a decrease of 1.18% as of December 31, 2015. A 100 basis point immediate, sustained downward shock in the yield curve would increase net interest
income by an estimated 1.68% over one year as of September 30, 2016 as compared to an increase of 2.62%, over one year as of December 31, 2015. With the federal funds rate 0.50% at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
management believed a 200 basis point immediate, sustained decline in rates was highly unlikely.      This analysis does not include the potential
increased refinancing activities, which should lessen the negative impact on net income from falling rates. While it is unlikely market rates would immediately move 100 or 200 basis points upward or downward on a sustained basis, this is another
tool used by management and the Board of Directors to gauge interest rate risk. All of these estimated changes in net interest income are and were within the policy guidelines established by the Board of Directors.   
  To further aid in interest rate management, United s subsidiary banks are members of the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB). The use of FHLB advances
provides United with a low risk means of matching maturities of earning assets and interest-bearing funds to achieve a desired interest rate spread over the life of the earning assets. In addition, United uses credit with large regional banks and
trust preferred securities to provide funding.      As part of its interest rate risk management strategy, United may use derivative instruments
to protect against adverse price or interest rate movements on the value of certain assets or liabilities and on future cash flows. These derivatives commonly consist of interest rate swaps, caps, floors, collars, futures, forward contracts, written
and purchased options. Interest rate swaps obligate two parties to exchange one or more payments generally calculated with reference to a fixed or variable rate of interest applied to the notional amount. United accounts for its derivative
activities in accordance with the provisions of ASC topic 815,  Derivatives and Hedging.        Extension Risk    
  A key feature of most mortgage loans is the ability of the borrower to repay principal earlier than scheduled. This is called a prepayment. Prepayments
arise primarily due to sale of the underlying property, refinancing, or foreclosure. In general, declining interest rates tend to increase prepayments, and rising interest rates tend to slow prepayments. Like other fixed-income securities, when
interest rates rise, the value of mortgage- related securities generally declines. The rate of prepayments on underlying mortgages will affect the price and volatility of mortgage-related   
         80   

Table of Contents  

securities and may shorten or extend the effective maturity of the security beyond what was anticipated at the time of purchase. If interest rates rise, United s holdings of mortgage-related
securities may experience reduced returns if the borrowers of the underlying mortgages pay off their mortgages later than anticipated. This is generally referred to as extension risk.      At September 30, 2016, United s mortgage related securities portfolio had an amortized cost of $877 million, of which approximately $476 million or 54% were fixed rate collateralized mortgage
obligations (CMOs). These fixed rate CMOs consisted primarily of planned amortization class (PACs), sequential-pay and accretion directed (VADMs) bonds having an average life of approximately 3.6 years and a weighted average yield of 2.61%, under
current projected prepayment assumptions. These securities are expected to have very little extension risk in a rising rate environment. Current models show that an immediate, sustained upward shock of 300 basis points, the average life of these
securities would only extend to 4.7 years. The projected price decline of the fixed rate CMO portfolio in rates up 300 basis points would be 11.2%, or less than the price decline of a 5-year treasury note. By comparison, the price decline of a
30-year current coupon mortgage backed security (MBS) an immediate, sustained upward shock of 300 basis points would be approximately 16.9%.   
  United had approximately $246 million in balloon and other securities with a projected yield of 1.90% and a projected average life of 3.8 years on
September 30, 2016. This portfolio consisted primarily of Fannie Mae Delegated Underwriting and Servicing (DUS) mortgage backed securities (MBS) with a weighted average loan age (WALA) of 3.4 years and a weighted average maturity (WAM) of 4.1
years.      United had approximately $57 million in 15-year mortgage backed securities with a projected yield of 2.15% and a projected average
life of 3.4 years as of September 30, 2016. This portfolio consisted of seasoned 15-year mortgage paper with a weighted average loan age (WALA) of 4.2 years and a weighted average maturity (WAM) of 10.5 years.   
  United had approximately $39 million in 20-year mortgage backed securities with a projected yield of 2.81% and a projected average life of 4.4 years on
September 30, 2016. This portfolio consisted of seasoned 20-year mortgage paper with a weighted average loan age (WALA) of 4.5 years and a weighted average maturity (WAM) of 15.2 years.      United had approximately $37 million in 30-year mortgage backed securities with a projected yield of 2.34% and a projected average life of 3.5 years on September 30, 2016. This portfolio consisted of
seasoned 30-year mortgage paper and Home Equity Conversion Mortgages with a weighted average loan age (WALA) of 3.3 years and a weighted average maturity (WAM) of 24 years.      The remaining 2% of the mortgage related securities portfolio at September 30, 2016, included adjustable rate securities (ARMs), 10-year mortgage backed pass-through securities and other fixed rate
mortgage backed securities.       

Item 4.   
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES         As of September 30, 2016, an evaluation was performed under the supervision of and with the participation of United s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial
Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of United s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, United s management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that United s disclosure controls and
procedures as of September 30, 2016 were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period required by the Securities and
Exchange Commission s rules and forms. There have been no changes in United s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, or in other factors that have materially affected or
are reasonably likely to materially affect United s internal control over financial reporting.   
         81   

Table of Contents  

       PART II - OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.   
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS         United and its
subsidiaries are currently involved in various legal proceedings in the normal course of business. Management is vigorously pursuing all its legal and factual defenses and, after consultation with legal counsel, believes that all such litigation
will be resolved with no material effect on United s financial position.       

Item 1A.   
   RISK FACTORS         In addition to the other
information set forth in this report, please refer to United s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for disclosures with respect to United s risk factors which could materially affect United s business,
financial condition or future results. The risks described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing United. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to United or that United currently deems to be immaterial also
may materially adversely affect United s business, financial condition and/or operating results. There are no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in United s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015.       

Item 2.   
   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS         On September 1, 2016, United issued 1,500 shares of United common stock to a new employee of United as an inducement material to the employee s entering into employment with United. The shares
of common stock were issued pursuant to a written compensatory arrangement with the employee, in reliance on the exemption set forth in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act relative to transactions by an issuer not involving any public
offering. The recipient was a former employee with an investment banking firm and through this relationship, had access to information about United. The table below includes certain information regarding United s purchase of its common shares
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016:       

(1)  
  Includes shares exchanged in connection with the exercise of stock options under United s stock option plans. Shares are purchased pursuant to the terms of the
applicable stock option plan and not pursuant to a publicly announced stock repurchase plan. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, no shares were exchanged by participants in United s stock option plans.     

(2)  
  Includes shares purchased in open market transactions by United for a rabbi trust to provide payment of benefits under a deferred compensation plan for certain key
officers of United and its subsidiaries. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the following shares were purchased for the deferred compensation plan: August 2016   3 shares at an average price of $36.99.     

(3)  
  In May of 2006, United s Board of Directors approved a repurchase plan to repurchase up to 1.7 million shares of United s common stock on the open market
(the 2006 Plan). The timing, price and quantity of purchases under the plan are at the discretion of management and the plan may be discontinued, suspended or restarted at any time depending on the facts and circumstances.     
         82   

Table of Contents  

Item 3.   
   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES         None.

Item 4.   
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES         None.

Item 5.   
   OTHER INFORMATION          

(a)  
  None.         

(b)  
  No changes were made to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to United s Board of Directors.     

Item 6.   
   EXHIBITS         Exhibits required by
Item 601 of Regulation S-K       

Exhibit 2.1  
      
  Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Bank of Georgetown   

Exhibit 2.2  
      
  Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among United Bankshares, Inc., UBV Holding Company, LLC and Cardinal Financial Corporation   

Exhibit 3.1  
      
  Articles of Incorporation   

Exhibit 3.2  
      
  Bylaws   

Exhibit 10.1  
      
  Independent Contractor Agreement by and between Peter A. Converse and United Bank   

Exhibit 10.2  
      
  Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between United Bankshares, Inc., United Bank and Michael P. Fitzgerald   

Exhibit 31.1  
      
  Certification as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer   

Exhibit 31.2  
      
  Certification as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Financial Officer   

Exhibit 32.1  
      
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer   

Exhibit 32.2  
      
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Financial Officer   

Exhibit 101  
      
  Interactive data file (XBRL)   
 
         83   

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC.    

(Registrant)   

Date:  
     
    November 9, 2016   

/s/    Richard M. Adams    

Richard M. Adams, Chairman of   

the Board and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  
     
    November 9, 2016   

/s/    W. Mark Tatterson    

W. Mark Tatterson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   
 
         84   

Table of Contents  

      EXHIBIT INDEX    

Exhibit No.    
      
     Description    
      
     Page Number    

2.1  
      
  Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Bank of Georgetown  

(a  
  )    

2.2  
      
  Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among United Bankshares, Inc., UBV Holding Company, LLC and Cardinal Financial Corporation.  

(b  
  )    

3.1  
      
    Articles of Incorporation   

(c  
  )    

3.2  
      
    Bylaws   

(d  
  )    

10.1  
      
  Independent Contractor Agreement by and between Peter A. Converse and United Bank  

(e  
  )    

10.2  
      
  Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between United Bankshares, Inc., United Bank and Michael P. Fitzgerald  

(f  
  )    

31.1  
      
  Certification as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer  

86  

31.2  
      
  Certification as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Financial Officer  

87  

32.1*  
      
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer  

88  

32.2*  
      
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Financial Officer  

89  

101  
      
  Interactive data file (XBRL)  

(g  
  )    
     Footnotes:    

*   
    Furnished not filed.     

(g)  
  The interactive data file (XBRL) exhibit is available through United s corporate website at www.ubsi-inc.com.     
         85   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d247166dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Richard M. Adams,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United Bankshares, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: 
   
   November 9, 2016  

/s/ Richard M. Adams   

Richard M. Adams, Chairman of the  

Board and Chief Executive Officer  
 
      86  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d247166dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, W. Mark Tatterson,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United Bankshares, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: 
   
   November 9, 2016  

/s/ W. Mark Tatterson   

W. Mark Tatterson, Executive  

Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer   
 
      87  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d247166dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION     Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.   1350, the undersigned officer of United Bankshares, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date:  
   
   November 9, 2016  

/s/ Richard M. Adams   

Name: Richard M. Adams   

Title: Chief Executive Officer   
 
      88  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d247166dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION     Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.   1350, the undersigned officer of United Bankshares, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date:  
   
   November 9, 2016  

/s/ W. Mark Tatterson   

Name: W. Mark Tatterson   

Title: Chief Financial Officer   
 
      89  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ubsi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ubsi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ubsi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ubsi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ubsi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ubsi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

