<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1389002_0001564590-16-028680_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7100062</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>232613</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>255971</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1821471</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2186343</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1435198</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028680.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109164246
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028680
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARIN SOFTWARE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001389002
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				204647180
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35838
		FILM NUMBER:		161984818

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 MISSION ST
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-399-2580

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 MISSION ST
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028680.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 mrin-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

mrin-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES   
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from                to                
 Commission File Number: 001-35838 
   
 Marin Software Incorporated 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(415) 399-2580 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter time period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 As of October 31, 2016, the registrant had 38,644,422 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

PART I.  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (unaudited).    

3  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    

3  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS    

4  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

5  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

6  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

18  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

27  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures.    

28  

PART II  

OTHER INFORMATION    

29  

ITEM 1.  

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

29  

ITEM 1A.  

RISK FACTORS    

29  

ITEM 2.  

UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

46  

ITEM 3.  

DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    

46  

ITEM 4.  

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

46  

ITEM 5.  

OTHER INFORMATION    

46  

ITEM 6.  

EXHIBITS    

47  

SIGNATURES    

48  

2 

P  ART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited). 
 MARIN SOFTWARE INCORPORATED 
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except par value) 

*   
 
 Derived from our audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015.    

 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
 3 

MARIN SOFTWARE INCORPORATED  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
 4 

MARIN SOFTWARE INCORPORATED  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Marin Software Incorporated  
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars and share numbers in thousands, except per share data) 
   
 1. Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies 
 Marin Software Incorporated (the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware in March 2006. The Company provides a leading cross-channel, cross-device, enterprise marketing software platform for search, display and social advertising channels, offered as an integrated software-as-a-service, or SaaS, solution for advertisers and agencies. The Company s platform enables digital marketers to improve financial performance, realize efficiencies and time savings, and make better business decisions. The Company s corporate headquarters are located in San Francisco, California, and the Company has additional offices in the following locations: Austin, Chicago, Dublin, Hamburg, London, New York, Paris, Portland, Shanghai, Sydney and Tokyo. 
 Basis of Presentation and Consolidation 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and condensed footnotes have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring items, considered necessary for fair statement have been included. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016, or for other interim periods or for future years. 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated on consolidation. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, is derived from audited financial statements as of that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. 
 These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on February 22, 2016. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company s financial instruments, including cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses are carried at cost, which approximates fair value because of the short-term nature of those instruments. Based on borrowing rates available to the Company for loans with similar terms and maturities, and in consideration of the Company s credit risk profile, the carrying value of borrowings (Note 6) approximates fair value (level 2 within the fair value hierarchy). 
 Cash equivalents consist of money market funds, which are readily convertible into cash and have original maturity dates of less than three months from the date of their respective purchases. These money market funds presented as cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets are classified as level 1 within the fair value hierarchy, and totaled $22,631 and $25,564 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts and Revenue Credits 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the Company s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the Company s receivables portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, specific allowances for known troubled accounts and other currently available evidence. The Company has not historically experienced significant credit losses from its accounts receivable. The Company performs a regular review of its customers  payment histories and associated credit risks and it does not require collateral from its customers. Certain contracts with advertising agencies contain sequential liability provisions, whereby the agency does not have an obligation to pay the Company until payment is received from the agency s customers. In these circumstances, the Company evaluates the credit worthiness of the agency s customers, in addition to the agency itself. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts in the amount of $2,230 and $2,188, respectively. 
 From time to time, the Company provides credits to customers and an allowance is made based on historical credit activity. As of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, the Company recorded an allowance for potential customer credits in the amount of $1,750 and $2,274, respectively. 
 6 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets  
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. Intangible assets that are not considered to have an indefinite useful life are amortized over their useful lives, which generally range from two to six years. Estimated remaining useful lives of purchased intangible assets are evaluated to assess whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining periods of amortization. 
 The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. Because the Company operates its business in one reporting unit, the goodwill is tested for impairment at the enterprise level. No goodwill impairment has been identified in any of the periods presented. 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the market capitalization of the Company s publicly traded common stock sustained a decline to the extent that it fell below the book value of the Company s net assets. Management considers the stock price and any estimated control premium along with other operating conditions, such as revenue decline, as possible factors affecting the assessment of the fair value of the Company s reporting unit for the purposes of performing any goodwill impairment assessment. While the likelihood and amount of such an impairment charge is not estimable at this time, if facts, circumstances or assumptions change, the Company may be required to record an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of its goodwill, intangible assets and other long-term assets in the future. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company generates revenues principally from subscriptions either directly with advertisers or with advertising agencies to its platform for the management of search, social and display advertising. The Company s direct search subscription agreements are generally one year or longer in length. The Company s subscription fee under most contracts is variable based on the value of the advertising spend that the Company s advertisers manage through the Company s platform and is generally invoiced on a monthly basis. Contracts with direct advertisers and certain contracts with advertising agencies also include a minimum monthly fee that is payable over the duration of the contract. The Company s customers do not have the right to take possession of the software supporting the application service at any time, nor do the arrangements contain general rights of return. The Company commences revenue recognition for both direct advertisers and advertising agencies when all of the following conditions are met: 

persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;     

the Company s platform is made available to the customer;     

the fee is fixed or determinable; and     

collection is reasonably assured.     

 The Company recognizes the total minimum fee for both direct advertisers and advertising agencies, where applicable, over the duration of the contract, commencing on the date that the Company s platform is made available to the customer, provided revenues recognized do not exceed amounts that are invoiced and due. The variable fee, which is based on a percentage of the value of the advertising spend managed through the Company s platform, is recognized once the amount is fixed or determinable, which is generally on a monthly basis concurrent with the issuance of the customer invoice. Signed contracts are used as evidence of an arrangement. The Company assesses collectability based on a number of factors such as past collection history with the customer and creditworthiness of the customer. Certain agreements with advertising agencies also contain sequential liability provisions, which provide that the agency has no obligation to pay the Company until the agency receives payment from its customers. In these circumstances, the Company evaluates the credit worthiness of the agency s customers, in addition to the agency itself, to conclude whether or not collectability is reasonably assured. If the Company determines collectability is not reasonably assured, the Company defers the revenue recognition until collectability becomes reasonably assured. 
   The Company applies the authoritative accounting guidance regarding revenue recognition for arrangements with multiple deliverables. Professional services and training, when sold with the Company s platform subscription services, are accounted for separately when those services have standalone value. In determining whether professional services and training services can be accounted for separately from subscription services, the Company considers the following factors: availability of the services from other vendors; the nature of the services; the dependence of the subscription services on the customer s decision to buy the professional services; and whether the Company sells the Company s subscription services without professional services. If the deliverables have stand-alone value, the Company accounts for each deliverable separately and revenues are recognized for the respective deliverables as they are delivered. If one or more of the deliverables do not have stand-alone value, the deliverables that do not have stand-alone value are combined with the final deliverables within the arrangement and treated as a single unit of accounting. Revenues for arrangements treated as a single unit of accounting are recognized over the period of the contract commencing upon delivery of the final deliverable. As of September 30, 2016, the Company did not have stand-alone value for the professional services  
 7 

and training services. This is because the Company includes professional services and training services with the Company s subsc  ription services and those services are not available from other vendors.  
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues primarily consists of costs related to hosting the Company s enterprise marketing software platform, providing implementation and ongoing customer support, data communications expenses, salaries and benefits of operations and support personnel, software license fees, costs associated with website development activities, indirect overhead, amortization expense associated with capitalized internally developed software and intangible assets and property and equipment depreciation. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09, C ompensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (Topic 718),   which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification on the statement of cash flows. The update to this standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-09, but does not expect it to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842), which will require lessees to recognize  most leases on the balance sheet as lease assets and lease liabilities, as well as both quantitative and qualitative disclosures regarding key information about leasing arrangements. This new standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on the consolidated financial statements, as well as the expected adoption method.  
 In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Business Combinations  (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments, which eliminates the requirement for an acquirer to retrospectively adjust provisional amounts recorded in a business combination to reflect new information about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and that, if known, would have affected measurement or recognition of amounts initially recognized. As an alternative, the standard requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. It requires that the acquirer record, in the financial statements of the period in which adjustments to provisional amounts are determined, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The new standard was effective prospectively for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2015-16 during the first quarter of 2016 on a prospective basis, and it did not have an effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. The new standard will be applied to future adjustments of provisional amounts as they occur. 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Disclosures of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , which provides guidance around management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The new standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15 on the consolidated financial statements. 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which is the new comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of the new standard requires entities to recognize revenue when they transfer promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard, as amended in July 2015, is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on the consolidated financial statements, as well as the expected adoption method. 

8 

2. Business Combination  
 On February 12, 2015, pursuant to the terms of a Share Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of capital stock of SocialMoov S.A.S. ( SocialMoov ), with SocialMoov surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Based in Paris, France, SocialMoov is a provider of social advertising tools for advertisers and agencies. 
 The total purchase price for the acquisition was $13,288, which consisted of 636 shares of the Company s common stock valued at $4,337 upon the closing date using the weighted average of the Company s closing date stock price for a short period of time preceding the closing date of the acquisition, $8,858 in cash paid at the acquisition date and $93 in cash paid as contingent consideration during the first quarter of 2016. Of the cash consideration paid at the closing date, $1,894 was held in escrow to secure indemnification obligations of the shareholders of SocialMoov to the Company following the closing, and was released during the third quarter of 2016. 
 In addition, the Company agreed to issue 927 shares of common stock at future dates as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement, valued at $6,487 upon the closing date of the acquisition using the Company s closing date stock price immediately preceding the acquisition, to existing employee shareholders of SocialMoov in connection with the acquisition, which are conditioned upon such employees  continuous employment with the Company. These shares have been excluded from the purchase consideration and are being recognized as post-acquisition stock-based compensation expense over the employees  requisite service periods. In February 2016, the Company issued 463 of these shares. The Company also granted RSUs representing 219 shares of common stock, valued at $959 using the Company s grant date stock price, with time-based vesting to employees of SocialMoov that continued employment with SocialMoov subsequent to the acquisition. The Company recognizes compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value of the common stock or stock-based awards on a straight-line basis over the employee s requisite service period. 
 The results of operations and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been included in the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements since the acquisition date. The following table summarizes the fair values of tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, intangible assets and residual goodwill from the acquisition of SocialMoov (in thousands except years): 

The goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise from the acquisition, and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The values assigned to the intangible assets are based on a third-party valuation analysis, which includes estimates and judgments regarding expectations for the success and life cycles of the solutions and technologies acquired. 

3. Restructuring Activities 
 2016 Restructuring Plan 
 During the second quarter of 2016, the Company executed an organizational restructuring (the  2016 Restructuring Plan ) primarily to improve cost efficiencies and effectiveness in sales. The Company recorded $24 and $449 of restructuring related expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $84 in restructuring related expenses associated with the 2016 Restructuring Plan remained unpaid and were included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. Further costs associated with this 2016 Restructuring Plan are not expected to be material in future periods. 
 2015 Restructuring Plans 
 During the third and fourth quarters of 2015, the Company executed organizational restructurings (the  2015 Restructuring Plans ) primarily to improve cost efficiencies and realign its sales, customer success and marketing operations. The Company recorded $1,081 of restructuring related expenses in connection with the 2015 Restructuring Plans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Actions pursuant to the 2015 Restructuring Plans were substantially complete as of December 31, 2015, and the associated costs were not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

9 

4. Balance Sheet Components  
 The following table shows the components of property and equipment as of the dates presented: 

Depreciation and amortization of internally developed software for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $6,790 and $7,016, respectively. 
 The following table shows the components of accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of the dates presented: 

5. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 The goodwill activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of the following: 

Intangible assets consisted of the following as of the dates presented: 

Amortization expense was $730 and $826 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $2,350 and $2,308 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 10 

Future estimated amortization of intangible assets as of Septe  mber 30, 2016, is presented below:  

6. Debt 
 Capital Lease Arrangements 
 Since 2013, the Company has entered into capital lease arrangements with an equipment manufacturer to finance acquisitions of computer equipment. These leases have effective annual interest rates ranging from 5.8% to 6.0%, and carry terms of between 36 to 48 months. At the end of the lease periods, the Company has the option to purchase the underlying equipment at the estimated fair market value, or for a nominal amount in some cases. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the net book value of the equipment under these capital leases was $2,830 and $2,446, respectively, and the remaining principal balance payable was $3,043 and $2,700, respectively. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In July 2015, the Company entered into an amendment to its existing loan and security agreement pursuant to which Silicon Valley Bank agreed to increase the revolving credit facility of up to the lesser of $20,000 or 80% of the Company s eligible accounts receivable. Also, the expiration date of the revolving credit facility was extended to July 31, 2017, and the annual interest rate was amended to (a) the prime rate or (b) the London interbank offered rate then in effect, plus a margin of 2.75%, payable on a monthly basis. The amendment contains affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants related to the delivery of financial and other information, the maintenance of certain financial covenants, as well as limitations on dispositions, changes in business or management, mergers or consolidations, dividends and other corporate actions. The revolving credit facility was amended further in February 2016 to update the terms of certain covenants. No amounts were outstanding pursuant to the revolving credit facility as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
 The maturities of all outstanding debt, consisting of the capital lease arrangements, as of September 30, 2016, are as follows: 

11 

7. Common Stock  
 As of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, the Company s certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 500,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock. Reserved shares of common stock are as follows: 

8. Equity Award Plans 
 In April 2006, the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ) adopted and the stockholders approved the 2006 Stock Option Plan ( 2006 Plan ). The 2006 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options under the federal tax laws and non-statutory stock options. Only employees may receive incentive stock options, but non-statutory stock options may be granted to employees, non-employee directors and consultants. The stock options are exercisable at a price equal to the market value of the underlying shares of common stock on the date of the grant as determined by the Board. The term of options granted under the 2006 Plan may not exceed ten years. Certain options are eligible for exercise prior to vesting. Exercised but unvested shares of common stock are subject to repurchase by the Company at the initial exercise price. The proceeds from the shares of common stock subject to repurchase are classified as a liability and reclassified to equity as the shares vest. Under the 2006 Plan s early exercise feature, the Company had the right to repurchase 5 and 18 shares of common stock as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company records cash received from the exercise of unvested stock options as a long-term liability, as well as the fair value of vested outstanding options to non-employee consultants. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $46 and $249, respectively, has been recorded as a long-term liability on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 In February 2013, the Board and stockholders approved the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan ( 2013 Plan ), under which 4,500 shares of common stock were originally reserved for issuance. Additionally, all reserved and unissued shares under the 2006 Plan at the time the 2013 Plan became effective are eligible for issuance under the 2013 Plan. The 2013 Plan became effective on March 21, 2013, at which time the Company ceased to grant equity awards under the 2006 Plan. The 2013 Plan authorizes the award of stock options, restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights, RSUs, performance awards and stock bonuses to the Company s employees, directors, consultants, independent contractors and advisors. On January 1 of each of the first ten calendar years through 2023, the number of shares of common stock reserved under the 2013 Plan will automatically increase by an amount equal to 5% of the total outstanding shares as of immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Board. Pursuant to terms of the 2013 Plan, the shares available for issuance increased by approximately 1,878 shares of common stock on January 1, 2016. 
 12 

Stock Options  
 A summary of stock option activity under the 2006 Plan and 2013 Plan is as follows: 

RSUs 
 A summary of RSUs granted and unvested under the 2013 Plan is as follows: 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In February 2013, the Board and stockholders approved the 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( 2013 ESPP ), under which 1,000 shares of common stock were originally reserved for issuance. The 2013 ESPP became effective on March 22, 2013. The 2013 ESPP provides generally for six-month purchase periods and the purchase price for shares of common stock purchased under the 2013 ESPP will be 85% of the lesser of the fair market value of the common stock on (i) the first trading day of the applicable offering period and (ii) the last trading day of each purchase period in the applicable offering period. On January 1 of each of the first 10 calendar years following the first offering date, the number of shares reserved under the 2013 ESPP will automatically increase by an amount equal to 1% of the total outstanding shares as of immediately preceding December 31, but not to exceed 700 shares. Pursuant to terms of the 2013 ESPP, the shares available for issuance increased by approximately 376 shares on January 1, 2016. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, zero and 175 shares, respectively, were issued under the 2013 ESPP. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, zero and 105 shares, respectively, were issued under the 2013 ESPP. 

9. Stock-Based Compensation 
 For stock-based awards granted by the Company, stock-based compensation expense is measured at grant date based on the fair value of the award and is expensed over the requisite service period. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of $1,831 and $3,606 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $8,592 and $12,040 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 13 

Stock Options  
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of options. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and the expected life of options. The Company used the following assumptions: 

As the Company has limited historical option exercise data, the expected term of the stock options granted to employees was calculated based on the simplified method. Under the simplified method, the expected term is equal to the average of an option s weighted-average vesting period and its contractual term. Pursuant to the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) No. 110, the Company will continue to use the simplified method until sufficient information regarding exercise behavior, such as historical exercise data or exercise information from external sources, becomes available. The Company estimates the expected volatility of its common stock on the date of grant based on the historical stock volatilities of similar publicly-traded entities over a period equal to the expected terms of the options, as the Company does not have sufficient trading history to use the volatility of its own common stock. The Company has no history or expectation of paying cash dividends on its common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury yield for a term consistent with the expected life of the options in effect at the time of grant. 
 Cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were $350 and $1,107 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 Compensation expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period. As of September 30, 2016, there was $ 3,400  of unrecognized compensation cost related to options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.2 years. 
 Restricted Stock and RSUs 
 As of September 30, 2016, there was $ 6,345  of unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock and RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of  2.4  years. The Company uses the fair market value of the underlying common stock on the dates of grant to determine the fair value of restricted stock and RSUs. Stock-based compensation expense related to these awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period of the award for the estimated number of shares that are ultimately expected to vest. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company estimates the fair value of purchase rights under the 2013 ESPP using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair value of each purchase right under the 2013 ESPP was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model and the straight-line attribution approach with assumptions substantially similar to those used for the valuation of our stock option awards. 

10. Income Taxes 
 The Company s quarterly provision for income taxes is based on an estimated effective annual income tax rate. The Company s quarterly provision for income taxes also includes the tax impact of certain unusual or infrequently occurring items, if any, including changes in judgment about valuation allowances and effects of changes in tax laws or rates, in the interim period in which they occur. 
 Income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $37 and $611, respectively, on pre-tax losses of $3,090 and $11,273, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized income tax expense of $300 and $674, respectively, on pre-tax losses of $9,204 and $30,537, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the income tax rate varies from the United States statutory income tax rate primarily due to valuation allowances in the United States and taxable income generated by the Company s foreign wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 14 

The Company reviews the likelihood that it will realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets and, therefore, the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly basis. There is no corresponding income tax benefit recognized w  ith respect to losses incurred and no corresponding income tax expense recognized with respect to earnings generated in jurisdictions with a valuation allowance. This causes variability in the Company s effective tax rate. The Company will maintain the val  uation allowances until it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized.  
 Tax positions taken by the Company are subject to audits by multiple tax jurisdictions. The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions and believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its unrecognized tax benefits for all tax years still open for assessment. The Company also believes that it does not have any tax position for which it is not reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next year. There were no interest or penalties associated with uncertain tax positions included within the income tax expense balance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

11. Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders 
 Basic net loss per share available to common stockholders is calculated by dividing the net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The weighted-average number of shares of common stock used to calculate the Company s basic net loss per share available to common stockholders excludes those shares subject to repurchase related to unvested common shares, stock options that were exercised prior to vesting, restricted stock issued and RSUs settled for shares of common stock, as these shares are not deemed to be outstanding for accounting purposes until they vest. The diluted net loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing the net loss using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock, excluding common stock subject to repurchase, and, if dilutive, potential shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Potential shares of common stock consist of common stock subject to repurchase, stock options to purchase common stock, restricted common stock issued and RSUs settled for shares of common stock. 
 The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share: 

The following table presents the potential shares of common stock outstanding that were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share available to common stockholders for the periods presented because including them would have been anti-dilutive: 

12. Segment Reporting 
 The Company defines the term  chief operating decision maker  to be the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer reviews the financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating of financial performance. Accordingly, the Company has determined that it operates as a single reportable and operating segment. 
 15 

Revenues by geographic area, based on the billing location of the customer, were as follows for the periods presented:  

Long-lived assets, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, by geographic area were as follows for the periods presented: 

13. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Operating Leases 
 Rent expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2,095 and $2,279, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was $6,647 and $6,496, respectively. 
 Future minimum lease payments for significant operating leases, net of sublease payments from a portion of the Company s San Francisco and Portland office space, as of September 30, 2016, were as follows: 

Legal Matters 
 From time to time, the Company may be involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, consisting of intellectual property, commercial, employment and other matters, which arise in the ordinary course of business. In accordance with GAAP, the Company records a liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, ruling, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. If any unfavorable ruling was to occur in any specific period or if a loss becomes probable and estimable, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Indemnification 
 The Company enters into standard indemnification agreements in the ordinary course of business. Pursuant to the agreements, each party may indemnify, defend and hold the other party harmless with respect to such claim, suit or proceeding brought against it by a third party alleging that the indemnifying party s intellectual property infringes upon the intellectual property of the third party, or results from a breach of the indemnifying party s representations and warranties or covenants, or that results from any acts of negligence or willful misconduct. The term of these indemnification agreements is generally perpetual any time after execution of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited. Historically, the Company has not been obligated to make significant payments for these obligations and no liabilities have been recorded for these obligations on the unaudited consolidated condensed balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and audited consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2015. 
 16 

The Company also indemnifies its officers and directors for certain events or occurrences, subject to certain limits, while the officer or   director is or was serving at the Company s request in such capacity. The maximum amount of potential future indemnification is unlimited; however, the Company has a Directors and Officers insurance policy that limits its exposure and enables the Company t  o recover a portion of any future amounts paid. Historically, the Company has not been obligated to make any payments for these obligations and no liabilities have been recorded for these obligations as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
 Other Contingencies 
 The Company is subject to claims and assessments from time to time in the ordinary course of business. The Company s management does not believe that any such matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
 17 

Item 2. M  anagement s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows should be read in conjunction with the (1) unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, and (2) the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2016. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act.  These statements are often identified by the use of words such as  believe,   may,   potentially,   will,   estimate,   continue,   anticipate,   intend,   could,   should,   would,   project,   plan,   predict,   expect,   seek  and similar expressions or variations. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified herein, and those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors , set forth in Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q. Except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 Overview 
 We provide a leading cross-channel, cross-device, enterprise marketing software platform for search, display and social advertising channels, offered as an integrated software-as-a-service, or SaaS, solution for advertisers and agencies. Our integrated platform is an analytics, workflow and optimization solution for marketing professionals, allowing them to effectively manage their digital advertising spend across search, social and display advertising channels. Our solution is designed to help our customers: 

measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns through our proprietary reporting and analytics capabilities;     

manage and execute campaigns through our intuitive user interface and underlying technology that streamlines and automates key functions, such as ad creation and bidding, across multiple publishers and channels; and     

optimize campaigns across multiple publishers and channels based on market and business data to achieve desired revenue outcomes using our predictive bid management technology.     

  We were incorporated in 2006 and initially focused on building the core elements of our cloud-based platform. In September 2007, we launched   Marin Enterprise, which targets large advertisers and agencies. We released Marin Professional Edition in March 2011, which targets mid-market advertisers and agencies. We have an iterative development process and typically release new features every month. Additionally, we have expanded internationally since our incorporation, opening our Hamburg, Paris and Sydney offices in 2011, our Dublin and Tokyo offices in 2012 and our Shanghai office in 2013. We completed our acquisitions of SocialMoov S.A.S. and NowSpots, Inc., which conducted business as Perfect Audience, in February 2015 and June 2014, respectively, to complement our product offerings  .  
 To grow revenues, we may need to invest in (1) sales and marketing activities to target new advertisers and agencies, and increase spend under management with our existing customers, and (2) research and development to improve and expand our platform, support additional publishers and release new features demanded by customers. If we make such investments, and if those investments do not generate additional customers or additional advertising spend managed by our platform, our future operating results could be harmed. 
 The majority of our revenue is derived from advertisers in the United States. We believe the markets both within and outside of the United States offer an opportunity for growth, and we may continue investing in our international capabilities and operations to expand in these markets. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues principally from subscription contracts under which we provide advertisers with access to our search, social and display advertising management platform, either directly or through the advertiser s relationship with an agency with whom we have a contract. In accordance with the subscription contracts, we charge fees generally based upon the amount of advertising spend that our customers manage through our platform. Our search subscription contracts are generally one year or longer in length, while initial social and display contracts may vary in duration. 
 18 

If our contractual arrangement is with an advertising agency, the advertiser is not a party to the terms of the contract. Accordingly, most advertisers operating through agenc  ies do not have a commitment to use our services, and the advertisers may be added or removed from our platform at the discretion of the respective agency. We invoice the advertising agency for the amounts due under the contract. Historically, approximatel  y half of our revenues have been earned from advertising agency customers. Under our subscription contracts with most direct advertisers and some of our agency customers, customers contractually commit to a minimum monthly platform fee, which is generally   greater than one-half of our estimated monthly revenues from these customers, at the time the contract is signed. Most of our subscription contracts with advertising agency customers, however, do not include a committed minimum monthly platform fee. Additi  onally, advertisers we serve through our arrangements with our advertising agencies generally do not have a minimum commitment to continue using our services. Our subscription fee under most contracts is variable based upon the value of advertising spend t  hat our customers manage through our platform, although some customers pay a flat monthly rate over the term of their subscription contract.  
 Our subscription contracts state the date at which we begin invoicing our customers, which is generally the first day of the month following contract execution. We generally invoice the greater of the minimum monthly platform fee or the percentage of advertising spend on our platform. The implementation process for new advertisers is typically four to six weeks; however, we generally have not charged a separate implementation fee under our standard subscription contracts. Our deferred revenues primarily consist of the unearned portion of minimum monthly platform fees paid at least three months in advance. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues primarily includes personnel costs, consisting of salaries, benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation for employees associated with our cloud infrastructure and global services for implementation and ongoing customer service. Other costs of revenues include fees paid to contractors who supplement our support and data center personnel, expenses related to third-party data centers, depreciation of data center equipment, amortization of internally developed software, amortization of intangible assets and allocated overhead. 
 We intend to continue to invest in our global services and capacity of our hosting service infrastructure. As we continue to invest in technology innovation through research and development, we expect increased amortization of internally developed software. We expect that this investment in technology should not only expand the breadth and depth of our cross-channel, cross-device, enterprise marketing software platform but also increase the efficiency of how we deliver these solutions. The level and timing of investment in these areas could affect our cost of revenues in the future. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses include personnel costs, sales commissions and other costs including travel and entertainment, marketing and promotional events, public relations, marketing activities, professional fees and allocated overhead. All of these costs are expensed as incurred, including sales commissions. Our commission plans provide that commission payments to our sales representatives are paid based on the actual amounts we invoice customers over a period that is generally up to six months following the execution of the applicable customer contract. 
 We may continue investing in sales and marketing by expanding our domestic and international sales and marketing activities, building brand awareness and sponsoring marketing events, which we believe may enable us to add new customers and increase penetration within our existing customer base. We expect that, in the future, sales and marketing expenses will continue to be our largest operating expense category. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our product development and engineering employees and executives, including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation expense and bonuses. Also included are non-personnel costs such as professional fees payable to third-party development resources, amortization of intangible assets and allocated overhead. 
 Our research and development efforts are focused on enhancing our software architecture, adding new features and functionality to our platform and improving the efficiency with which we deliver these services to our customers. In the future, research and development expenses may increase in absolute dollars, partially offset by the capitalization of internally developed software. We believe that these investments are necessary to maintain and improve our competitive position. 
 19 

General and Administrative Expenses  
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation and bonuses for our administrative, legal, human resources, finance and accounting employees and executives. Also included are non-personnel costs, such as travel-related expenses, audit fees, tax services and legal fees, as well as professional fees, insurance and other corporate expenses, along with amortization of intangible assets and allocated overhead. 
 We may incur incremental costs associated with supporting the growth of our business, both in terms of size and geographic expansion, and to meet the increased compliance requirements associated with our continued operation as a public company. Such costs may include increases in our accounting and legal personnel, additional consulting, legal and audit fees, insurance costs, board of directors  compensation and the costs of achieving and maintaining compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. As a result, our general and administrative expenses may increase in absolute dollars in future periods. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table is a summary of our consolidated statements of operations and results of operations as a percentage of our revenues for those periods. The period-to-period comparisons of results are not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. 

(1)   
 
 Stock-based compensation expense included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations data above was as follows:    

20 

(2)   
 
 Amortization of intangible assets included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations data above was as follows:    

(3)   
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we executed an organizational restructuring (the  2016 Restructuring Plan )  primarily to improve cost efficiencies and effectiveness in sales . We estimate that remaining expenses related to the 2016 Restructuring Plan of less than $0.1 million will be incurred and paid by the end of fiscal 2016. Restructuring related expenses included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations data above was as follows:    

(4)   
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure that is not calculated in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). We define Adjusted EBITDA as net loss, adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, depreciation, the amortization of internally developed software, the amortization of intangible assets, the capitalization of internally developed software costs, interest expense, net, the benefit from or provision for income taxes, other income or expenses, net and costs associated with acquisitions and restructurings. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net loss, operating loss or any other measure of financial performance calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. We prepare Adjusted EBITDA to eliminate the impact of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance. Investors are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reason we consider them appropriate.    

 We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors in evaluating our operating performance for the following reasons: 

Adjusted EBITDA is frequently used by investors and securities analysts to measure a company s operating performance without regard to items, such as stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, capitalized software development costs, interest expense, net, benefit from or provision for income taxes, other income or expenses, net and costs associated with acquisitions and restructurings, that can vary substantially from company to company depending upon their financing, capital structures and the method by which assets were acquired;     

Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA in conjunction with GAAP financial measures for bonus compensation and planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget, as a measure of operating performance and the effectiveness of our business strategies and in communications with our board of directors concerning our financial performance; and     

Adjusted EBITDA provides consistency and comparability with our past financial performance, facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations and also facilitates comparisons with other peer companies, many of which use similar non-GAAP financial measures to supplement their GAAP results.     

 Although Adjusted EBITDA is frequently used by investors and securities analysts in their evaluations of companies, it has limitations as an analytical tool, and investors should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations as reported under GAAP. These limitations include: 

Depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, and the assets being depreciated or amortized will often have to be replaced in the future; Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for these replacements;     

 21 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for  , our working capital needs or contractual commitments;     

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash requirements for income taxes and the cash impact of other income or expense; and     

Other companies may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.     

 The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss, the most comparable measure, to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated: 

Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 Revenues 

Revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $2.3 million and $2.6 million, respectively, or 9% and 3%, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. This decrease is reflective of a decline in sales and advertising spend from new and existing customers, and customer turnover, particularly within network agencies. There were no customers that accounted for greater than 10% of our revenues in either of the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 
 Revenues in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, from the United States locations represented 69% of revenues, and in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, revenues from the United States locations represented 69% and 67%, respectively, of revenues. 
 22 

Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin  

Cost of revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, decreased $1.7 million and $3.9 million, respectively, or 16% and 13%, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. These decreases largely were driven by a reduction in the number of global services and cloud infrastructure personnel. As a result of this headcount reduction, compensation, benefits and travel expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $0.9 million and $3.0 million, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we also experienced decreases $0.3 million and $0.5 million, respectively, in depreciation and amortization of internally developed software, and $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively, in professional consultant and contractor fees, as compared to the same periods in 2015. In addition, expenses related to the 2016 Restructuring Plan initiated during the three months ended June 30, 2016 totaled less than $0.1 million and $0.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the $0.1 million in expense recognized during the corresponding periods in 2015 related to the 2015 Restructuring Plan.  
 Our gross margin increased to 64% and 65%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 61% during the corresponding periods in 2015. This was due primarily to the reduction in the number of global services and cloud infrastructure personnel, as compensation as a percentage of revenues decreased 2% and 6% period over period for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 
 Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $3.3 million and $10.1 million, respectively, or 30% and 28%, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decreases were due primarily to a decline in the global sales support and marketing headcount, including reductions that were part of our restructuring activities in 2015 and 2016 (as described in Note 3 to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). This contributed to net decreases of $2.3 million and $8.1 million, respectively, in personnel-related costs, consisting primarily of employee compensation, benefits and travel costs, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The remaining decreases during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily the result of lower indirect overhead of $0.2 million and $0.5 million, respectively, and lower restructuring expenses of $0.7 million and $0.4 million, respectively. In addition, marketing costs decreased $0.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding period in 2015. 
 Research and Development 

Research and development expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $1.9 million and $4.5 million, respectively, or 23% and 17%, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. This primarily reflected a reduction in the number of full-time research and development personnel, resulting in decreases of $1.9 million and $4.7 million, respectively, in compensation expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 23 

General and Administrative  

General and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $1.1 million and $2.5 million, respectively, or 20% and 15%, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.  Compensation, benefits and other employee-related expenses decreased by $0.6 million and $1.9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, primarily due to a reduction in the number of general and administrative personnel. Restructuring expenses related to the 2016 Restructuring Plan were $0.3 million and $0.2 million lower during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to restructuring expenses recorded as part of the 2015 Restructuring Plans during the corresponding periods in 2015. Additionally, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, included $0.6 million in costs directly related to the acquisition of SocialMoov in February 2015  .  
 Interest (Expense), Net and Other Income (Expenses), Net 

Other income (expenses), net, primarily consists of sublease income recorded under agreements for a portion of our San Francisco office space and our Portland office space, signed in December 2015 and June 2016, respectively, as well as foreign currency transaction gains and losses. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, sublease income totaled $0.3 million and $0.8 million, respectively, and foreign exchange losses were $0.1 million for both periods due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Benefit from (Provision for) Income Taxes 

The benefit from income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2016 totaled less than $0.1 million primarily due to adjustments following income tax return filing in certain foreign jurisdictions, partially offset by tax provisions resulting from profits generated in foreign jurisdictions by our wholly-owned subsidiaries. The provision for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $0.6 million, primarily as a result of profits generated in foreign jurisdictions. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   Since our incorporation in March 2006, we have relied primarily on sales of our capital stock to fund our operating activities. From incorporation until our IPO, we raised $105.7 million, net of related issuance costs, in funding through private placements of our preferred stock. In March and April 2013, we raised net proceeds of $109.3 million in our IPO. From time to time, we have also utilized equipment lines to fund capital purchases. As of September 30, 2016, our principal sources of liquidity were our cash and cash equivalents of $36.4 million, access to borrowings under our fully available revolving credit facility (the lesser of $20.0 million or 80% of our eligible accounts receivable) and our capital lease arrangements. The approximate weighted average interest rate on our outstanding borrowings as of September 30, 2016, was 5.6%. Our primary operating cash requirements include the payment of compensation and related costs, as well as costs for our facilities and information technology infrastructure. We also have an  
 24 

outstanding irrevocable letter of credit for $1.3 million related to the non-cancelable lease for our corporate headquarters in San Francisco, California.  
 We presently maintain cash balances in our foreign subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2016, we had $36.4 million of cash and cash equivalents in aggregate, of which $13.3 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries. We plan to re-invest the cash earned by our foreign subsidiaries to finance the growth of our foreign operations. 
 Based on our current level of operations and anticipated growth, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our revenue performance, the timing and extent of spending to support product development efforts and the timing of introductions of new features and enhancements to our platform. To the extent that existing cash and cash equivalents are insufficient to fund our future activities, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities is primarily influenced by the amount of cash we invest in personnel and infrastructure to support the anticipated growth of our business and the increase in the number of advertisers using our platform. Cash provided by (used in) operating activities has typically been affected by net losses and further increased by changes in our operating assets and liabilities, particularly in the areas of accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, deferred revenue, accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, adjusted for non-cash expense items such as depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation expense and deferred income tax benefits. 
 Cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, of $4.8 million was primarily the result of a net loss of $11.9 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of $18.3 million, which primarily included depreciation, amortization, unrealized foreign currency gains or losses, stock-based compensation expense and deferred income tax expenses or benefits. This was further offset by $0.1 million in contingent consideration paid for the SocialMoov acquisition from 2015, and a $1.6 million net change in working capital items, most notably (1) a decrease in accounts receivable of $0.6 million due to the timing of related collections; (2) a decrease in deferred revenues of $0.3 million related to the timing of the collection of minimum fees at the start of our subscription agreements and (3) a net decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current and noncurrent liabilities of $1.8 million due to the timing of related disbursements and customer advances. 
 Cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, of $13.6 million was primarily the result of a net loss of $31.2 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of $21.7 million, which primarily included  depreciation, amortization, unrealized foreign currency gains or losses, stock-based compensation expense and deferred income tax expenses or benefits. These non-cash expenses increased due to capital expenses and headcount growth related to continued investment in our business, as well as the acquisition of SocialMoov. This was further offset by a $4.1 million net change in working capital items (exclusive of changes due to net liabilities assumed from the acquisition of SocialMoov in February 2015), most notably (1) an increase in accounts receivable of $3.4 million; (2) an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and other (noncurrent) assets, of $1.3 million related to the growth of our operations and timing of related disbursements; (3) a decrease in deferred revenues of $0.7 million related to the timing of the collection of minimum fees at the start of our subscription agreements and (4) a net increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current and noncurrent liabilities of $1.4 million due to the timing of related disbursements and customer advances . 
 25 

Investing Activities  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, investing activities primarily consisted of purchases of property and equipment, including technology hardware and software to support our growth as well as capitalized internally developed software costs. Purchases of property and equipment may vary from period-to-period due to the timing of the expansion of our operations and the development cycles of our internally developed hosted software platform. We expect to continue to invest in property and equipment and develop our software platform for the foreseeable future. Investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, are also inclusive of cash paid for the acquisition of SocialMoov ($8.9 million, net of cash acquired of $1.4 million). 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $0.3 million. This was primarily due to $1.2 million of net repayments under our capital lease arrangements, partially offset by $0.9 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and contributions to our 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( 2013 ESPP ). 
 Cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was $1.0 million. This was primarily due to $3.0 million of net repayments under the loans assumed in the SocialMoov acquisition, our credit facility and our capital lease arrangements, partially offset by $2.1 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and contributions to our 2013 ESPP. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our principal commitments consist of obligations under operating leases for office space, net of sublease income and our capital leases for computer equipment. As of September 30, 2016, the future minimum payments under these commitments were as follows: 

The amounts in the table above are associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding, which specify significant terms including payment terms, related services and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included in the table. 
 During the ordinary course of business, we include indemnification provisions within certain of our contracts. Pursuant to these arrangements, we may be obligated to indemnify, hold harmless and agree to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, generally parties with which we have commercial relations, in connection with certain intellectual property infringement claims by any third party with respect to our software. To date, there have not been any costs incurred in connection with such indemnification arrangements and therefore, there is no accrual for such amounts as of September 30, 2016. 
 In addition to the obligations in the table above, we have approximately $0.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits that have been recorded as liabilities as of September 30, 2016. It is uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the periods presented, we did not have, nor do we currently have, any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We are therefore not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in those types of relationships. 
 26 

We have no obligations that meet the definition of an off-balance sheet arrangement as of September 30, 2016, other than operating leases, related subleases a  nd a standby letter of credit, as described in the Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 1, Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, within our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that can have significant impact on the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. These items are monitored and analyzed by us for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. 
 We believe the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, including historical common stock valuations, accounting for income taxes, reserving for doubtful accounts receivable, business combinations and impairment assessments of our goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets have the greatest potential impact on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and consider these to be our critical accounting policies. Historically, our estimates, assumptions and judgments relative to our critical accounting policies have not differed materially from actual results. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2015 filed with the SEC on February 22, 2016, under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We have operations both within the United States and internationally and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate, foreign exchange and inflation risks, as well as risks relating to changes in the general economic conditions in the countries where we conduct business. To manage certain of these risks, we monitor the financial condition of our large customers and limit credit exposure by setting credit limits as we deem appropriate. In addition, our investment strategy has been to invest in financial instruments that are highly liquid and readily convertible into cash, with maturity dates within three months from the date of purchase. To date, we have not used derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of our market risk exposures. We have also not used, nor do we intend to use, derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. Our investments are considered cash equivalents and primarily consist of money market funds. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of  $36.4  million. The carrying amount of our cash and cash equivalents reasonably approximates fair value, due to the short maturities of these investments. The primary objectives of our investment activities are the preservation of capital, the fulfillment of liquidity needs and the fiduciary control of cash and investments. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our investments are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair market value of our investments. Due to the short-term nature of our investment portfolio, we believe only dramatic fluctuations in interest rates would have a material effect on our investments. As such we do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be materially affected by a sudden change in market interest rates. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had borrowings outstanding in the aggregate of  $3.0  million. Our outstanding long-term borrowings consist of fixed and variable interest rate financial instruments. The interest rates of our borrowings range from 5% to 6%. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in interest rates relative to our current interest rates would not have a material impact on the fair values of all of our outstanding borrowings. Changes in interest rates would, however, affect operating results and cash flows, because of the variable rate nature of our borrowings. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in interest rates relative to interest rates as of September 30, 2016, would result in an insignificant impact to interest expense for 2016. 
 27 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk  
 We have foreign currency risks related to our revenues and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, primarily the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Singapore Dollar, Japanese Yen, Chinese Yuan, and Australian Dollar. Revenues outside of the United States as a percentage of consolidated revenues were 31% and 33% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Changes in exchange rates may negatively affect our revenues and other operating results as expressed in U.S. Dollars. Aggregate foreign currency gains (losses) included in determining net loss were  $(0.1)  million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $(0.2) million and less than $0.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Transaction gains and losses are included in other income (expenses), net. 
 If our international operations grow, our risks associated with fluctuation in currency rates will become greater, and we will continue to reassess our approach to managing this risk. In addition, currency fluctuations or a weakening U.S. Dollar can increase the costs of our international expansion, while a strengthening U.S. Dollar can negatively impact our international revenues. To date, we have not entered into any foreign currency hedging contracts, since exchange rate fluctuations have not had a material impact on our operating results and cash flows. Based on our current international structure, we do not plan on engaging in hedging activities in the near future, and we also do not expect that the effects of a 10% shift in a single foreign currency exchange rate would have a material impact on any financial instruments currently held by us. 
 Inflation Risk  
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Nonetheless, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, require public companies, including us, to maintain  disclosure controls and procedures,  which are defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) to mean a company s controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer (our Chief Executive Officer) and principal financial officer (our Chief Financial Officer), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required or necessary disclosures. 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded, based on the evaluation of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures by our management as of the end of the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Regulations under the Exchange Act require public companies, including our company, to evaluate any change in our  internal control over financial reporting  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer did not identify any change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 28 

PART II  
     OTHER INFORMATION 
     ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 
     ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial conditions, and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We have a history of losses and we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 We have incurred significant losses in each fiscal year since our incorporation in 2006. We experienced a net loss of $33.3 million during 2015, and a net loss of $11.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $191.6 million. The losses and accumulated deficit were due to the substantial investments we made to grow our business and acquire customers. Our cost of revenues and operating expenses could increase in the future due to investments to grow our business, acquire customers and develop our platform and new functionality. These efforts may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenues sufficiently to offset these higher expenses. Many of our efforts to generate revenues from our business are new and unproven, and any failure to increase our revenues or generate revenues from new solutions or to maintain or increase revenues from existing products and customers could prevent us from attaining or increasing profitability. Furthermore, to the extent we are successful in increasing our customer base, we also could incur increased losses because costs associated with entering into customer contracts are generally incurred up front, while customers are billed over the term of the contract generally through our usage-based pricing model. We do not expect to be profitable in 2016 on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to attain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis, or if we do, that we will sustain profitability. 
 We operate in a rapidly developing and changing industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects. 
 We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by companies in rapidly developing and changing industries, including challenges in forecasting accuracy, hiring and retaining qualified employees, determining appropriate investments of our limited resources, market acceptance of our existing and future solutions, effectively integrating acquired products, competition from established companies with greater financial and technical resources, acquiring and retaining customers, managing customer deployments, making improvements to our existing products and developing new solutions. Our current operations infrastructure may require changes in order for us to achieve profitability and scale our operations efficiently. For example, we may need to automate portions of our solution to decrease our costs, ensure our marketing infrastructure is designed to drive highly qualified leads cost effectively and implement changes in our sales model to improve the predictability of our sales and reduce our sales cycle. In addition, from time to time, we may need to make additional investments in product development to address market demands, which may increase our overall expenses and reduce profitability. If we fail to implement these changes on a timely basis or are unable to implement them due to factors beyond our control, our business may suffer, our revenue may decline and we may not be able to achieve further growth or profitability. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in addressing these and other challenges we may face in the future. 
 Our usage-based pricing model makes it difficult to forecast revenues from our current customers and future prospects. 
   We primarily have a usage-based pricing model in which most of our fees are calculated as a percentage of customers  advertising spend managed on our platform. This pricing model makes it difficult to accurately forecast revenues because our customers  advertising spend managed by our platform may vary from month to month based on the variety of industries in which our advertisers operate, the seasonality of those industries and fluctuations in our customers  advertising budgets or other factors. Our subscription contracts with our direct advertiser customers generally contain a minimum monthly platform fee, which is generally greater than one-half of our estimated monthly revenues from the customer at the time the contract is signed, and, as a result, the minimum monthly platform fee may not be a good indicator of our revenues from that customer. In addition, advertisers that use our platform through our agency customers typically do not have a minimum monthly spend amount or a minimum term during which  
 29 

they   must use our platform, and, as a result, our ability to forecast revenues from these advertisers is difficult. If we incorrectly forecast revenues for these advertisers and the amount of revenue is less than projections we provide to investors, the price   of our common stock could decline substantially. Additionally, if we overestimate usage, we may incur additional expenses in adding infrastructure, without a commensurate increase in revenues, which would harm our gross margins and other operating results.  
 We must develop and introduce enhancements and new features that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with technological developments to remain competitive in our evolving industry. 
 We operate in a dynamic market characterized by rapidly changing technologies and industry and legal standards. The introduction of new advertising platform solutions by our competitors, the market acceptance of solutions based on new or alternative technologies, or the emergence of new industry standards could render our platform obsolete. Our ability to compete successfully, attract new customers and increase revenues from existing customers depends in large part on our ability to enhance and improve our existing cross-channel, cross-device, enterprise marketing software platform and to continually introduce or acquire new features that are in demand by the market we serve. We also must update our software to reflect changes in publishers  APIs and terms of use. We are in the process of a significant upgrade to our software platform infrastructure, and the success of this project or any other enhancement or new solution depends on several factors, including timely completion, adequate quality testing, effective migration of existing customers with minimal disruption and appropriate introduction and market acceptance. Any new platform or feature that we develop or acquire may not be introduced in a timely manner, may contain defects, may be more costly to compete than we anticipate or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenues. If we are unable to complete the upgrade to our software platform infrastructure effectively or in a timely manner, or to anticipate or timely and successfully develop or acquire new offerings or features or enhance our existing platform to meet customer requirements, our business and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 If the market for digital advertising slows or declines, our business, growth prospects, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 The future growth of our business could be constrained by the level of acceptance and expansion of emerging cloud-based advertising channels, as well as the continued use and growth of existing channels, such as search and display advertising. Even if these channels become widely adopted, advertisers and agencies may not make significant investments in solutions such as ours that help them manage their digital advertising spend across publisher platforms and advertising channels. It is difficult to predict customer adoption rates, customer demand for our platform, the future growth rate and size of the advertising cloud solutions market or the entry of competitive solutions. The continued expansion of the market for advertising cloud solutions depends on a number of factors, including the continued growth of the cloud-based advertising market, the growth of social and mobile as advertising channels and the cost, performance and perceived value associated with advertising cloud solutions, as well as the ability of cloud computing companies to address security and privacy concerns. Further, the cloud computing market is less developed in many jurisdictions outside the United States. If we or other cloud computing providers experience security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in delivery or other problems, the market for cloud computing as a whole, including our applications, may be negatively affected. 
 If we are unable to maintain our relationships with, and access to, publishers, advertising exchange platforms and other platforms that aggregate the supply of advertising inventory, our business will suffer. 
   We currently depend on relationships with various publishers, including Baidu, Bing, Facebook, Google, Twitter, Yahoo! and Yahoo! Japan, as well as advertising exchange platforms and aggregators of advertising inventory, including Google s DoubleClick Ad Exchange, Yahoo! Gemini, Facebook s Exchange, Microsoft s Ad Exchange, Twitter s MoPub, OpenX, The Rubicon Project, PubMatic and AppNexus. Our subscription services interface with these publishers  platforms through APIs, such as the Google AdWords API or Facebook API. We are subject to the respective platforms  standard API terms and conditions, which govern the use and distribution of data from these platforms. Our business significantly depends on having access to these APIs, particularly the Google AdWords API, which the substantial majority of our customers use, on commercially reasonable terms and our business would be harmed if any of these publishers, advertising exchanges or aggregators of advertising inventory discontinues or limits access to their platforms, modifies their terms of use or other policies or place additional restrictions on us as API users, or charges API license fees for API access. Moreover, some of these publishers, such as Google, market competitive solutions for their platforms. Because the advertising inventory suppliers control their APIs, they may develop competitive offerings that are not subject to the limits imposed on us through the API terms and conditions. Currently, restrictions in these API agreements limit our ability to implement certain functionality, require us to implement functionality in a particular manner or require us to implement certain required minimum functionality, causing us to devote development resources to implement certain functionality that we would not otherwise include in our subscription services and to incur costs for personnel to provide services to implement functionality that we are prohibited from automating. Publishers, advertising exchanges and advertising inventory aggregators update their API terms of use from time to time and new versions of these terms could impose additional restrictions on us. In addition, publishers, advertising exchanges and advertising inventory aggregators continually update their APIs and may update or modify functionality, which  
 30 

requires us to modify our software to accommodate these changes and to devote technical resources and personnel to thes  e efforts which could otherwise be used to focus on other priorities. Any of these outcomes could cause demand for our products to decrease, our research and development costs to increase, and our results of operations and financial condition to be harmed.  
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our relationships with advertising agencies. 
 Our future growth will depend, in part, on our ability to enter into successful relationships with advertising agencies. Identifying agencies and negotiating and documenting relationships with them requires significant time and resources. These relationships may not result in additional customers or enable us to generate significant revenues. Our contracts for these relationships are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit the agency from working with our competitors or from offering competing services. Frequently, these agencies do in fact work with our competitors and compete with us. In addition, we often work with, or seek to work with, high-profile brands directly. This may not be possible where, for example, those brands obtain advertising services exclusively or primarily from advertising agencies. 
 We generally bill agencies for their customers  use of our platform, but in most cases the agency s customer has no direct contractual commitment to make payment to us. Furthermore, some of these agency contracts include provisions whereby the agency is not liable for making payment to us for our subscription services if the agency does not receive a corresponding payment from its client on whose behalf the subscription services were rendered. These provisions may result in longer collections periods or our inability to collect payment for some of our subscription services. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these agencies on commercially reasonable terms, or if these relationships are not profitable for us, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired and our operating results would suffer. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 The overall market for advertising cloud solutions is rapidly evolving, highly competitive, complex, fragmented, and subject to changing technology and shifting customer needs. We face significant competition in this market and we expect competition to intensify in the future. We currently compete with large, well-established companies, such as Adobe Systems Incorporated and Google Inc. (through its wholly-owned subsidiary DoubleClick), and privately-held companies, such as Kenshoo Ltd. We also compete with channel-specific offerings, in-house proprietary tools, tools from publishers and custom solutions, including spreadsheets. Increased competition may result in reduced pricing for our solutions, longer sales cycles or a decrease of our market share, any of which could negatively affect our revenues and future operating results and our ability to grow our business. 
 A number of competitive factors could cause us to lose potential sales or to sell our solutions at lower prices or at reduced margins, including, among others: 

potential customers may choose to develop or continue to use internal solutions rather than paying for our solutions or may choose to use a competitor s solution that has different or additional technical capabilities;     

companies may enter our market by expanding their platforms or acquiring a competitor;     

some of our competitors, such as Adobe and Google, have greater financial, marketing and technical resources than we do, allowing them to leverage a larger installed customer base, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, and devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products and services than we can;     

channel-specific competitors, such as AdRoll Inc., Criteo S.A., MediaMath Inc., Nanigans, Inc., Rocket Fuel Inc. and Salesforce.com (through its wholly-owned subsidiary Social.com), may devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their channel-specific products and services than we can; and     

publishers generally offer their tools for free, or at a reduced price, as their primary compensation is via the sale of advertising on their own or syndicated websites.     

 We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. If we cannot compete successfully, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 
 Our business depends on our customers  continued willingness to manage advertising spend on our platform. 
   In order for us to improve our operating results, it is important that our customers continue to manage their advertising spend on our platform, increase their usage and also purchase additional solutions from us. In the case of our direct advertiser customers, we offer our solutions primarily through subscription contracts and generally bill customers over the related subscription period, which is generally one year or longer. During the term of their contracts, our direct advertiser customers generally have no obligation to maintain or increase their advertising spend on our platform beyond a specified minimum monthly platform fee, which is typically set  
 31 

at the time the contract is signed and is generally greater than half of the monthly amount we anticipa  te the customer will spend. Our direct advertiser customers generally have no renewal obligation after the initial or then-current renewal subscription period expires, and even if customers renew contracts, they may decrease the level of their digital adve  rtising spend managed through our platform, resulting in lower revenues from that customer. Advertisers that we serve through our arrangements with our advertising agencies generally do not have any contractual commitment to use our platform. Our customers    usage may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including, but not limited to, their satisfaction with our platform and our customer support, the frequency and severity of outages, the pricing of our, or competing, solutions, the effec  ts of global economic conditions and reductions in spending levels or changes in our customers  strategies regarding digital advertising. We may not be able to accurately predict future usage trends. If our customers renew on less favorable terms or reduce   their advertising spend on our platform, our revenues may grow more slowly than expected or decline.  
 We incur upfront costs associated with onboarding advertisers to our platform and may not recoup our investment if we do not maintain the advertiser relationship over time. 
 Our operating results may be negatively affected if we are unable to recoup our upfront costs for onboarding new advertisers to our platform. Upfront costs when adding new advertisers generally include sales commissions for our sales force, expenses associated with entering customer data into our platform and other implementation-related costs. Because our customers, including direct advertisers and agencies, are billed over the term of the contract, if new customers sign contracts with short initial subscription periods and do not renew their subscriptions, or otherwise do not continue to use our platform to a level that generates revenues in excess of our upfront expenses, our operating results could be negatively impacted. In cases in which the implementation process is particularly complex, the revenues resulting from the customer under our contract may not cover the upfront investment, so if a significant number of these customers do not renew their contracts, it could negatively affect our operating results. 
 Because we generally bill our customers over the term of the contract, near term decline in new or renewed subscriptions may not be reflected immediately in our operating results. 
 Most of our revenues in each quarter are derived from contracts entered into with our customers during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter may not be fully reflected in our revenues for that quarter. Such declines, however, would negatively affect our revenues in future periods and the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our solutions, and potential changes in our rate of renewals or renewal terms, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure rapidly, or at all, to take account of reduced revenues. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our total revenues through additional sales in any period, as revenues from new customers must be earned over the applicable subscription term based on the value of their monthly advertising spend. 
 We have been dependent on our customers  use of search advertising. Any decrease in the use of search advertising or our inability to further penetrate social and display advertising channels would harm our business, growth prospects, operating results and financial condition. 
 Historically, our customers have primarily used our solutions for managing their search advertising, including mobile search advertising, and the substantial majority of our revenue is derived from advertisers that use our platform to manage their search advertising. We expect that search advertising will continue to be the primary channel used by our customers for the foreseeable future. Should our customers lose confidence in the value or effectiveness of search advertising, or if search advertising growth moderates or declines, the demand for our solutions may decline, and it may negatively impact our revenues. In addition, our failure to achieve market acceptance of our solution for the management of social and display advertising spend would harm our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our sales cycle can be long and unpredictable and require considerable time and expense, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate. 
   The sales cycle for our solutions, from initial contact with a potential lead to contract execution and implementation, varies widely by customer, but can take up to nine months. Some of our customers undertake a significant evaluation process that frequently involves not only our solutions but also those of our competitors, which has in the past resulted in extended sales cycles. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use, technical capabilities and benefits of our platform. In addition, under certain circumstances, we sometimes offer an initial term, typically of a few months in duration, to new customers who may terminate their subscription at any time during this initial period before the fixed term contract commences. We have no assurance that the substantial time and money spent on our sales efforts will produce any sales. If our sales efforts result in a new customer subscription, the customer may terminate its subscription during the initial period, after we have incurred the expenses associated with entering the customer s data in our platform and related training and support. If sales expected from a customer are not realized in the time period  
 32 

expected or not realized at all, or if a customer terminates during the initial period, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.  
 Our ability to generate revenue depends on our collection of significant amounts of data from various sources. 
 Our ability to optimize the delivery of Internet advertisements for our customers depends on our ability to successfully leverage data, including data that we collect from our customers as well as data provided by publishers and from third parties. Using cookies and similar tracking technologies, we collect information about the interaction of users with our advertisers  and publishers  websites. Our ability to successfully leverage such data is dependent upon our continued ability to access and utilize such data. Our ability to access and use such data could be restricted by a number of factors, including consumer choice, restrictions imposed by advertisers and publishers, changes in technology, and new developments in laws, regulations, and industry standards. 
 If consumer resistance to the collection and sharing of the data used to deliver targeted advertising, increased visibility of consent / Do Not Track mechanisms as a result of industry regulatory and/or legal developments, and/or the development and deployment of new technologies result in a material impact on our ability to collect data, this will materially impair the results of our operations. 
 Material defects or errors in our software platform could harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us and impair our ability to sell our subscription services. 
 The software applications underlying our subscription services are inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, which may cause disruptions in availability, misallocation of advertising spend or other performance problems. Any such errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our software platform, including those resulting from new versions or updates, could negatively impact our customers  businesses or the success of their advertising campaigns and cause harm to our reputation. If we have any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our software platform, customers could elect not to renew or reduce their usage or delay or withhold payment to us, which could result in an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts or an increase in the length of collection cycles for accounts receivable. Errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems could also result in customers making warranty or other claims against us, our giving credits to our customers toward future advertising spend or costly litigation. As a result, material defects or errors in our platform could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. 
 The costs incurred in correcting any material defects or errors in our software platform may be substantial and could adversely affect our operating results. After the release of new versions of our software, defects or errors may be identified from time to time by our internal team and by our customers. We implement bug fixes and upgrades as part of our regularly scheduled system maintenance. If we do not complete this maintenance according to schedule or if customers are otherwise dissatisfied with the frequency and/or duration of our maintenance services, customers could elect not to renew, or delay or withhold payment to us, or cause us to issue credits, make refunds or pay penalties. 
 We primarily derive our revenues from a single software platform and any factor adversely affecting subscriptions to our platform could harm our business and operating results. 
 We primarily derive our revenues from sales of a single software platform. As such, any factor adversely affecting subscriptions to our platform, including product release cycles, market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition, and economic and market conditions, could harm our business and operating results. 
 If mobile connected devices, their operating systems or content distribution channels, including those controlled by our competitors, develop in ways that prevent our advertising campaigns from being delivered to their users, our ability to grow our business will be impaired. 
 Our success in the mobile channel depends upon the ability of our technology platform to integrate with mobile inventory suppliers and provide advertising for most mobile connected devices, as well as the major operating systems that run on them and the applications that are downloaded onto them. The design of mobile devices and operating systems is controlled by third parties with whom we do not have any formal relationships. These parties frequently introduce new devices, and from time to time they may introduce new operating systems or modify existing ones. Network carriers may also impact the ability to access specified content on mobile devices. If our solution were unable to work on these devices or operating systems, either because of technological constraints or because an operating system or app developer, device maker or carrier wished to impair our ability to purchase inventory and provide advertisements, our ability to generate revenue could be significantly harmed. 
 33 

We primarily use third-party data centers to deliver our services. Any disruption of service at these facilities could harm our business.  
 We manage a significant portion of our services and serve substantially all of our customers from a single third-party data center facility. While we control the actual computer, network and storage systems upon which our platform runs, and deploy them to the data center facility, we do not control the operation of the facility. The owner of the facility has no obligation to renew the agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew the agreement on commercially reasonable terms, we may be required to transfer to a new facility or facilities, and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so. 
 The facility is vulnerable to damage or service interruption resulting from human error, intentional bad acts, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, war, terrorist attacks, power losses, hardware failures, systems failures, telecommunications failures and similar events. Moreover, while we have a disaster recovery plan in place, we do not maintain a  hot failover  instance of our software platform permitting us to immediately switch over in the event of damage or service interruption at our data center. The occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism, any outages or vandalism or other misconduct, or a decision to close the facility without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. 
 Any changes in service levels at the facility or any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems at or related to the facility that affect our services could harm our reputation and may damage our customers  businesses. Interruptions in our services might reduce our revenues, subject us to potential liability, or result in reduced usage of our platform. In addition, some of our customer contracts require us to issue credits for downtime in excess of certain levels and in some instances give our customers the ability to terminate their subscriptions. 
 We also depend on third-party Internet-hosting providers and continuous and uninterrupted access to the Internet through third-party bandwidth providers to operate our business. If we lose the services of one or more of our Internet-hosting or bandwidth providers for any reason or if their services are disrupted, for example due to viruses or  denial-of-service  or other attacks on their systems, or due to human error, intentional bad acts, power loss, hardware failures, telecommunications failures, fires, wars, terrorist attacks, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes or similar events, we could experience disruption in our ability to offer our solutions or we could be required to retain the services of replacement providers, which could increase our operating costs and harm our business and reputation. 
 If we cannot efficiently implement our solutions for customers, we may lose customers. 
 Our customers have a variety of different data formats, enterprise applications and infrastructure and our platform must support our customers  data formats and integrate with complex enterprise applications and infrastructures. If our platform does not currently support a customer s required data format or appropriately integrate with a customer s applications and infrastructure, then we may choose to configure our platform to do so, which would increase our expenses. Additionally, we do not control our customers  implementation schedules. As a result, as we have experienced in the past, if our customers do not allocate internal resources necessary to meet their implementation responsibilities or if we face unanticipated implementation difficulties, the implementation may be delayed. Further, in the past, our implementation capacity has at times constrained our ability to successfully implement our solutions for our customers in a timely manner, particularly during periods of high demand. If the customer implementation process is not executed successfully or if execution is delayed, we could incur significant costs, customers could become dissatisfied and decide not to increase usage of our platform, not to use our platform beyond an initial period prior to their term commitment and revenue recognition could be delayed. In addition, competitors with more efficient operating models with lower implementation costs could penetrate our customer relationships. 
 Additionally, large customers may request or require specific features or functions unique to their particular business processes, which increase our upfront investment in sales and deployment efforts and the revenues resulting from the customers under our typical contract length may not cover the upfront investments. If prospective large customers require specific features or functions that we do not offer, then the market for our solution will be more limited and our business could suffer. In addition, supporting large customers could require us to devote significant development services and support personnel and strain our personnel resources and infrastructure. If we are unable to address the needs of these customers in a timely fashion or further develop and enhance our solution, these customers may not renew their subscriptions, seek to terminate their relationship with us, renew on less favorable terms, or reduce their advertising spend on our platform. If any of these were to occur, our revenues may decline and our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 34 

If we are unable to maintain or expand our sales and marketing capabilities, we may not be able to generate anticipated revenues.  
 Increasing our customer base and achieving broader market acceptance of our software platform will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our sales and marketing operations and activities. We are substantially dependent on our sales force to obtain new customers and our marketing organization to generate a sufficient pipeline of qualified sales leads. We may expand our sales team in order to increase revenues from new and existing customers and to further penetrate our existing markets and expand into new markets, but may not be able to attract and hire qualified sales personnel quickly enough or at all. Our solutions require a sophisticated sales force with specific sales skills and technical knowledge. Competition for qualified sales personnel is intense, and we may not be able to retain our existing sales personnel or attract, integrate, train or retain sufficient highly qualified sales personnel. In addition, we need to invest in lead generation activities to develop our pipeline of qualified opportunities for our salesforce, which could increase our marketing expense, which could increase our marketing expenses. If our lead generation activities do not increase our pipeline of if our salesforce is unable to close opportunities at a high rate, then we may not generate an increase in revenues. 
 Any failure to offer high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and harm our financial results. 
 Our customers depend on our support organization to resolve any technical issues relating to our solutions. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on the quality of our solutions, our business reputation and on strong recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could harm our reputation, adversely affect our ability to sell our solutions to existing and prospective customers, and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We offer technical support services with our solutions and may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services to compete with changes in support services provided by competitors. It is difficult to predict customer demand for technical support services and if customer demand increases significantly, we may be unable to provide satisfactory support services to our customers. Additionally, increased customer demand for these services, without corresponding revenues, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. 
 If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data or our data is otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce the use of or stop using our solutions and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we maintain sensitive data on our networks, including our intellectual property and proprietary or confidential business information relating to our business and that of our customers and business partners. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our business and reputation. We believe that companies have been increasingly subject to a wide variety of security incidents, cyber-attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access. These threats can come from a variety of sources, ranging in sophistication from an individual hacker to a state-sponsored attack. Cyber threats may be generic, or they may be custom-crafted against our information systems. Over the past year, cyber-attacks have become more prevalent and much harder to detect and defend against. Our network and storage applications may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or breached due to operator error, malfeasance or other system disruptions. It is often difficult to anticipate or immediately detect such incidents and the damage caused by such incidents. These data breaches and any unauthorized access or disclosure of our information or intellectual property could result in the loss of information, litigation, indemnity obligations and other liability. While we have security measures in place, our systems and networks are subject to ongoing threats and therefore these security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including cyber-attacks or other intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. This could result in one or more third parties obtaining unauthorized access to our customers  data or our data, including intellectual property and other confidential business information. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Third parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our customers  data or our data, including intellectual property and other confidential business information. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, we could lose potential sales and existing customers or we could incur other liabilities, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. 
   Our future growth will depend on our ability to enter into successful strategic relationships with third parties. For example, we are seeking to establish relationships with third parties to develop integrations with complementary technology and content. These relationships may not result in additional customers or enable us to generate significant revenues. Identifying partners and negotiating  
 35 

and documenting relationships with them require significant time and resources. Our contracts for the  se relationships are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit the other party from working with our competitors or from offering competing services. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ab  ility to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired and our operating results would suffer.  
 As a result of our customers  usage of our software platform, we will need to continually improve our hosting infrastructure to avoid service interruptions or slower system performance. 
 We have experienced growth in the number of transactions and data that our hosting infrastructure supports. We seek to maintain sufficient excess capacity in our infrastructure to meet the needs of all of our customers. We also seek to maintain excess capacity to facilitate the rapid provision of new customer deployments and the expansion of existing customer deployments. For example, if we secure a large customer or a group of customers that require significant amounts of bandwidth or storage, we may need to increase bandwidth, storage, power or other elements of our application architecture and our infrastructure, and our existing systems may not be able to scale in a manner satisfactory to our existing or prospective customers. 
 The amount of infrastructure needed to support our customers is based on our estimates of anticipated usage. If we were to experience unforeseen increases in usage, we could be required to increase our infrastructure investments resulting in increased costs or reduced gross margins, and if we do not accurately predict our infrastructure capacity requirements, our customers could experience service outages that may subject us to financial penalties and liabilities and result in customer losses. If our hosting infrastructure capacity fails to keep pace with increased sales, customers may experience service interruptions or slower system performance as we seek to obtain additional capacity, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our revenue growth. As use of our software platform grows and as customers use it for more complicated tasks, we will need to devote additional resources to improving our application architecture and our infrastructure in order to maintain the performance of our software platform. We may need to incur additional costs to upgrade or expand our computer systems and architecture in order to accommodate increased demand if our systems cannot handle current or higher volumes of usage. In addition, increasing our systems and infrastructure in advance of new customers would cause us to have increased cost of revenues, which can adversely affect our gross margins until we increase revenues that are spread over the increased costs. 
 Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
 Our success and ability to compete depends in part upon our intellectual property. We primarily rely on a combination of copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions with our employees, customers, partners and others to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate or we may be unable to secure intellectual property protection for all of our solutions. In particular, we have three issued United States patents. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our competitors could use our intellectual property to market products and services similar to ours and our ability to compete effectively would be impaired. Moreover, others may independently develop technologies that are competitive to ours or infringe our intellectual property. The enforcement of our intellectual property rights depends on our legal actions against these infringers being successful, but we cannot be sure these actions will be successful, even when our rights have been infringed. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense and diversion of management resources. Any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative processes or litigation. Any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be successfully challenged by third parties. 
 Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Effective protection of our intellectual property may not be available to us in every country in which our solutions are available. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. 
 We might be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights, and our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, and could ultimately result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. 
 36 

We could incur substantial costs as a result of any claim of infringement of another party s intellectual property rights.  
 In recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States involving patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies in the Internet and technology industries are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement of proprietary rights, particularly patent rights, and our competitors may hold patents or have pending patent applications, which could be related to our business. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties, which we refer to as non-practicing entities, whose sole primary business is to assert such claims. We have received in the past, and expect to receive in the future, notices that claim we or our customers using our solutions have misappropriated or misused other parties  intellectual property rights. If we are sued by a third party that claims that our technology infringes its rights, the litigation could be expensive and could divert our management resources. We do not currently have an extensive patent portfolio of our own, which may limit the defenses available to us in any such litigation. 
 In addition, in most instances, we have agreed to indemnify our customers against certain claims that our subscription services infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. Our business could be adversely affected by any significant disputes between us and our customers as to the applicability or scope of our indemnification obligations to them. The results of any intellectual property litigation to which we might become a party, or for which we are required to provide indemnification, may require us to do one or more of the following: 

cease offering or using technologies that incorporate the challenged intellectual property;     

make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments or other costs or damages;     

obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms, to sell or use the relevant technology; or     

redesign technology to avoid infringement.     

 If we are required to make substantial payments or undertake any of the other actions noted above as a result of any intellectual property infringement claims against us or any obligation to indemnify our customers for such claims, such payments or costs could have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial results. 
 Our use of open source technology could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our software platform. 
 We use open source software in our platform. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and/or make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by the United States courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our software platform. While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur and we may be required to release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our applications, discontinue sales in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts, any of which could cause us to breach customer contracts, harm our reputation, result in customer losses or claims, increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Because our long-term success depends, in part, on our ability to expand our sales to customers outside the United States, our business will be susceptible to risks associated with international operations. 
 We currently have personnel and customers in Australia, China, England, France, Germany, Ireland, Japan and Singapore, as well as the United States. Due to our international exposure, our business is susceptible to risks associated with international operations. However, we have a limited operating history outside the United States, and our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of diverse cultures, languages, customs, tax laws, legal systems, alternate dispute systems and regulatory systems. The risks and challenges associated with international expansion include: 

the need to support and integrate with local publishers and partners;     

continued localization of our platform, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses;     

competition with companies that have greater experience in the local markets than we do or who have pre-existing relationships with potential customers in those markets;     

compliance with multiple, potentially conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy and data protection laws and regulations;     

 37 

compliance with anti-bribery laws, including compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;     

difficulties in invoicing and collecting in foreign currencies and associated foreign currency exposure;     

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and the increased travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with international operations;     

different or lesser protection of our intellectual property rights;     

difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable, longer payment cycles and other collection difficulties;     

restrictions on repatriation of earnings; and     

regional economic and political conditions.     

 We have limited experience in marketing, selling and supporting our subscription services internationally, which increases the risk that any potential future expansion efforts that we may undertake will not be successful. 
 Fluctuations in the exchange rate of foreign currencies could result in currency transactions losses. 
 We currently have foreign sales denominated in Australian Dollars, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Chinese Yuan, Euros, Japanese Yen and Singapore Dollars. In addition, we incur a portion of our operating expenses in the currencies of the countries where we have offices. We face exposure to adverse movements in currency exchange rates, which may cause our revenues and operating results to differ materially from expectations. If the U.S. Dollar strengthens relative to foreign currencies as it did during 2015 and 2016, our non-United States revenues would be adversely affected. Conversely, a decline in the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies would increase our non-United States revenues when translated into U.S. Dollars. Our operating results could be negatively impacted depending on the amount of expense denominated in foreign currencies. As exchange rates vary, revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses and other operating results, when translated, may differ materially from expectations. In addition, our revenues and operating results are subject to fluctuation if our mix of United States and foreign currency denominated transactions or expenses changes in the future because we do not currently hedge our foreign currency exposure. Even if we were to implement hedging strategies to mitigate foreign currency risk, these strategies might not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and would involve costs and risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the strategies and potential accounting implications. 
 Unfavorable conditions in the market for digital advertising or the global economy or reductions in digital advertising spend could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results. 
 Revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depends on digital advertising spend by advertisers in the markets we serve. Our operating results may vary based on changes in the market for digital advertising or the global economy. To the extent that weak economic conditions cause our customers and potential customers to freeze or reduce their advertising budgets, particularly digital advertising, demand for our solution may be negatively affected. 
 Historically, economic downturns have resulted in overall reductions in advertising spend. If economic conditions deteriorate or the rise of geopolitical instability and military hostilities causes economic uncertainty, our customers and potential customers may elect to decrease their advertising budgets or defer or reconsider software and service purchases, which would limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results. 
 Our business depends on retaining and attracting qualified personnel, and turnover may result in operational inefficiencies that could negatively affect our business. 
 Our success depends upon the continued service of our talented management, operational and key technical employees, as well as our ability to continue to attract additional highly qualified talent. Turnover amongst our employees, including among our senior executives, which we have experienced recently, could result in operational and administrative inefficiencies, delays in execution of product development and other corporate initiatives, and added costs, which could adversely impact our results of operations, stock price and customer relationships. In addition, we must successfully integrate any new personnel that we hire within our organization in order to achieve our operating objectives, and changes in other key positions may temporarily affect our financial performance and results of operations as new employees become familiar with our business. 
   We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any of our employees. Each of our executive officers, key technical personnel and other employees could terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. Our business also requires skilled technical,  
 38 

sales and other personnel, who are in high   demand and are often subject to competing offers. As we expand into additional geographic markets, we will require personnel with expertise in these new areas. Competition for qualified employees is intense in our industry and particularly in San Francisc  o, California. An inability to retain, attract, relocate and motivate employees required for our business, including the planned expansion of our business, could delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives and could materially harm our busi  ness and our customer relationships.  
 Managing a global organization has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management and infrastructure. If we fail to manage our operations effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service or address competitive challenges adequately. 
 Managing a global and geographically dispersed workforce and operation has required substantial management effort, the allocation of valuable management resources and significant additional investment in our infrastructure. We will be required to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and operations reporting procedures, and we may not be able to do so effectively. Moreover, we may from time to time decide to undertake cost savings initiatives, such as additional restructurings, such as our 2016 Restructuring Plan, disposing of, and/or otherwise discontinuing certain products, in an effort to focus our resources on key strategic initiatives and streamline our business. Further, to support our customers and operations, and drive future growth, we must continually improve and maintain our technology, systems and network infrastructure. As such, we may be unable to manage our expenses effectively in the future, which may negatively impact our gross margins or operating expenses in any particular quarter. If we fail to manage our anticipated growth or change in a manner that does not preserve the key aspects of our corporate culture, the quality of our solutions may suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and reputation and harm our ability to retain and attract customers. 
 Domestic and foreign government regulation and enforcement of data practices and data tracking technologies is expansive, not clearly defined and rapidly evolving. Such regulation could directly restrict portions of our business or indirectly affect our business by constraining our customers  use of our platform or limiting the growth of our markets. 
 Federal, state, municipal and/or foreign governments and agencies have adopted and could in the future adopt, modify, apply or enforce laws, policies, and regulations covering user privacy, data security, technologies such as cookies that are used to collect, store and/or process data, the taxation of products and services, unfair and deceptive practices, and/or the collection, use, processing, transfer, storage and/or disclosure of data associated with a unique individual. The categories of data regulated under these laws vary widely and are often ill-defined and subject to new applications or interpretation by regulators. Our subscription services enable our customers to display digital advertisements to targeted population segments, as well as collect, manage and store data regarding the measurement and valuation of their digital advertising and marketing campaigns, which may include data that is directly or indirectly obtained or derived through the activities of online or mobile visitors. The uncertainty and inconsistency among these laws, coupled with a lack of guidance as to how these laws will be applied to current and emerging Internet and mobile analytics technologies, creates a risk that regulators, lawmakers or other third parties, such as potential plaintiffs, may assert claims, pursue investigations or audits, or engage in civil or criminal enforcement. These actions could limit the market for our subscription services or impose burdensome requirements on our services and/or customers  use of our services, thereby rendering our business unprofitable. 
 Some features of our subscription services use cookies, which trigger the data protection requirements of certain foreign jurisdictions, such as the EU Cookie Directive and the EU Data Privacy Directive. In addition, our services collect data about visitors  interactions with our advertiser clients that may be subject to regulation under current or future laws or regulations. If our privacy or data security measures fail to comply with these current or future laws and regulations in any of the jurisdictions in which we collect information, we may be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, civil or criminal enforcement, audits or other liabilities in such jurisdictions, or our advertisers may terminate their relationships with us. In addition, foreign court judgments or regulatory actions could impact our ability to transfer, process and/or receive transnational data that is critical to our operations, including data relating to users, clients, or partners outside the United States. Such judgments or actions could affect the manner in which we provide our services or adversely affect our financial results if foreign clients and partners are not able to lawfully transfer data to us. 
 This area of the law is currently under intense government scrutiny and many governments, including the United States government, are considering a variety of proposed regulations that would restrict or impact the conditions under which data obtained from or through the activities of visitors could be collected, processed or stored. In addition, regulators such as the Federal Trade Commission and the California Attorney General are continually proposing new regulations and interpreting and applying existing regulations in new ways. Changes to existing laws or new laws regulating the solicitation, collection or processing of personal and consumer information, truth-in-advertising and consumer protection could affect our customers  utilization of digital advertising and marketing, potentially reducing demand for our subscription services, or impose restrictions that make it more difficult or expensive for us to provide our services. 
 39 

If legislation dampens the growth in web and mobile usage or access to the Internet, our results of operations could be   harmed.  
 Legislation enacted in the future could dampen the growth in web and mobile usage and decrease its acceptance as a medium of communications and commerce or result in increased adoption of new modes of communication and commerce that may not be serviced by our products. In addition, government agencies or private organizations may begin to impose taxes, fees or other charges for accessing the Internet, which could result in slower growth or a decrease in ecommerce, use of social media and/or use of mobile devices. Any of these outcomes could cause demand for our platform to decrease, our costs to increase, and our results of operations and financial condition to be harmed. 
 If our customers fail to abide by applicable privacy laws or to provide adequate notice and/or obtain consent from end users, we could be subject to litigation or enforcement action or reduced demand for our services. Industry self-regulatory standards may be implemented in the future that could affect demand for our platform and our ability to access data we use to provide our platform. 
 Our customers utilize our services to support and measure their direct interactions with visitors, and although we provide notice and choice mechanisms on our websites for our subscription services, we also must rely on our customers to implement and administer notice and choice mechanisms required under applicable laws. If we or our customers fail to abide by these laws, it could result in litigation or regulatory or enforcement action against our customers or against us directly. 
 In addition, self-regulatory organizations (such as the Digital Advertising Network or Network Advertising Initiative) to which our customers, partners and suppliers may belong, may impose opt-in or opt-out requirements on our customers, which may in the future require our customers to provide various mechanisms for users to opt-in or opt-out of the collection of any data, including anonymous data, with respect to such users  web or mobile activities. The online and/or mobile industries may adopt technical or industry standards, or federal, state, local or foreign laws may be enacted that allow users to opt-in or opt-out of data that is necessary to our business. In particular, some government regulators and standard-setting organizations have suggested a  Do Not Track  standard that allows users to express a preference, independent of cookie settings in their browser, not to have website browsing recorded. All the major Internet browsers have implemented some version of a  Do Not Track  setting. Furthermore, publishers may implement alternative tracking technologies that make it more difficult to access the data necessary to our business or make it more difficult for us to compete with the publisher s own advertising management solutions. If any of these events were to occur in the future, it could have a material effect on our ability to provide services and for our customers to collect the data that is necessary to use our services. 
 Our revenues may be adversely affected if we are required to charge sales taxes in additional jurisdictions or other taxes for our solutions. 
 We collect or have imposed upon us sales or other taxes related to the solutions we sell in certain states and other jurisdictions. Additional states, countries or other jurisdictions may seek to impose sales or other tax collection obligations on us in the future, or states or jurisdictions in which we already pay tax may increase the amount of taxes we are required to pay. A successful assertion by any state, country or other jurisdiction in which we do business that we should be collecting sales or other taxes on the sale of our products and services could, among other things, create significant administrative burdens for us, result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales, discourage clients from purchasing solutions from us or otherwise substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 We may experience quarterly fluctuations in our operating results due to a number of factors which make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or our guidance. 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as indicative of our future performance. If our revenues or operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, or below any guidance we may provide to the market, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. 
 In addition to other risk factors listed in this section, factors that may affect our quarterly operating results include the following: 

the level of advertising spend managed through our platform for a particular quarter;     

customer renewal rates, and the pricing and usage of our platform in any renewal term;     

demand for our platform and the size and timing of our sales;     

customers delaying purchasing decisions in anticipation of new releases by us or of new products by our competitors;     

delays in projects to upgrade our own software platform infrastructure and any resulting delays in releasing new features;     

 40 

network outages, platform downtime,   software bugs or security breaches and any associated credits, warranty claims or other expenses;     

changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors or customers;     

market acceptance of our current and future solutions;     

changes in spending on digital advertising or information technology and software by our current and/or prospective customers;     

budgeting cycles of our customers;     

our potentially lengthy sales cycle;     

our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses;     

the amount and timing of infrastructure costs and operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure;     

restructuring of our business and hiring or separation of employees;     

foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and     

general economic and political conditions in our domestic and international markets.     

 Based upon all of the factors described above, we have a limited ability to forecast our future revenues, costs and expenses, and as a result, our operating results may from time to time fall below our estimates or the expectations of public market analysts and investors. 
 We might require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our existing platform, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In addition, we may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired. 
 Future acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships or alliances could be difficult to integrate, divert the attention of key management personnel, disrupt our business, dilute shareholder value and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We acquired SocialMoov S.A.S. ( SocialMoov ) in February 2015, and NowSpots, Inc., doing business as Perfect Audience ( Perfect Audience ) in June 2014 and may seek to acquire additional businesses, products or technologies in the future. However, these are the only two acquisitions in the history of our company and we have limited experience in acquiring and integrating businesses, products and technologies. If we identify an appropriate acquisition candidate, we may not be successful in negotiating the terms and/or financing of the acquisition, and our due diligence may fail to identify all of the problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired business, product or technology, including issues related to intellectual property, product quality or architecture, regulatory compliance practices, revenue recognition or other accounting practices or employee or client issues. 
 41 

Any acquisition or inv  estment may require us to use significant amounts of cash, issue potentially dilutive equity securities or incur debt. In addition, acquisitions, including our acquisitions of SocialMoov and Perfect Audience, involve numerous risks, any of which could harm   our business, including:  

regulatory and commercial risks relating to retargeting of online advertising and social advertising, the primary businesses of Perfect Audience and SocialMoov, respectively;     

difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, services and personnel of acquired businesses, especially if those businesses operate outside of our core competency and/or in foreign countries;     

cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization;     

reputation and perception risks associated with the acquired product or technology by the general public;     

ineffectiveness or incompatibility of acquired technologies or services;     

potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses;     

inability to maintain the key business relationships and the reputations of acquired businesses;     

diversion of management s attention from other business concerns;     

litigation for activities of the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, clients, former shareholders or other third parties;     

failure to identify all of the problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired company, technology, or solution, including issues related to intellectual property, solution quality or architecture, regulatory compliance practices, revenue recognition or other accounting practices or employee or client issues;     

in the case of foreign acquisitions such as SocialMoov, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; costs necessary to establish and maintain effective internal controls for acquired businesses;     

failure to successfully further develop the acquired technology in order to recoup our investment; and     

increased fixed costs.     

 If we are unable to successfully integrate SocialMoov or Perfect Audience, or any future business, product or technology we acquire, our business and results of operations may suffer. 
 In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. If our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. For instance, in connection with our acquisition of Perfect Audience, we issued 1.7 million shares of our common stock, and in connection with our acquisition of SocialMoov, we issued a combined total of 1.1 million shares in February 2015 and February 2016, and are obligated to issue up to an additional 0.5 million shares of our common stock, subject to certain contingencies, in February 2017. 
 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected. 
   As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal control. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act ) requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and provide a management report on the internal control over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm to the extent we decide not to avail ourselves of the exemption provided to an emerging growth company, as defined by The Jumpstart Our Business Act of 2012. If we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. In addition, in the future if we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, if we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an  
 42 

opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy   and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authoritie  s, which could require additional financial and management resources.  
 We are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies including, but not limited to, the exemption from the requirement of a report on our internal control over financial reporting by our independent registered public accounting firm, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the end of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of June 30, (ii) the end of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of $1 billion or more during such fiscal year, (iii) the date on which we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period or (iv) March 21, 2018. 
 We may not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss or research tax credit carryforwards, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 As of December 31, 2015, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards due to prior period losses, which if not utilized will begin to expire in 2026 and 2016 for federal and state purposes, respectively. We also have federal research tax credit carryforwards, which if not utilized will begin to expire in 2026. These net operating loss and research tax credit carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes, such as research tax credits, in any taxable year may be limited if we experience an  ownership change.  A Section 382  ownership change  generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5% of our stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. 
 Future issuances of our stock could cause an  ownership change.  It is possible that any future ownership change could have a material effect on the use of our net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. 
 We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired. 
 We are required under GAAP to review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or any other significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. The events and circumstances we consider include the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators and competition. In the future we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined. This could adversely impact our results of operations and harm our business. 
 43 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the market capitalization of our publicly traded common stock sustained a decline to the extent that it   fell below the book value of our net assets. We consider the stock price and any estimated control premium along with other operating conditions, such as revenue decline, as possible factors affecting the assessment of the fair value our reporting unit for   the purposes of performing any goodwill impairment assessment. While the likelihood and amount of such an impairment charge is not estimable at this time, if facts, circumstances or assumptions change, then we may be required to record an impairment charg  e to reduce the carrying value of our goodwill, intangible assets and other long-term assets in the future.  
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, subject to wide fluctuations and could subject us to litigation. 
 Since our initial public offering, the closing sales price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange has been volatile. Factors affecting the market price of our common stock include: 

variations in, or forward looking guidance regarding, our revenues, gross margin, operating results, free cash flow, loss per share, revenue retention rates, annualized advertising spend on our platform, adjusted EBITDA and how these results compare to analyst expectations;     

announcements of technological innovations, new products or services, strategic alliances, acquisitions or significant agreements by us or by our competitors;     

disruptions in our cloud-based operations or services or disruptions of other prominent cloud-based operations or services;     

the economy as a whole, market conditions in our industry, and the industries of our customers; and     

any other factors discussed herein.     

 In addition, the stock market in general has experienced substantial price and volume volatility that is often seemingly unrelated to the operating results of any particular companies. Moreover, if the market for technology stocks, especially software and cloud computing-related stocks, or the stock market in general experiences uneven investor confidence, the market price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The market price for our stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry, even if these events do not directly affect us. Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been subject of securities litigation. If we are the subject of such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 
 From January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016, the closing sales price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange ranged from $2.10 to $8.56 per share. Because our stock price has been volatile, investing in our common stock is risky. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 44 

If there are substantial sales of shares of our common stock, the price of our common stock could   decline.  
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of our common stock and may make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. We have currently effective Registration Statements on Form S-3 registering for sale approximately 1.6 million and 1.7 million shares of our common stock issued or to be issued in connection with our acquisitions of SocialMoov and Perfect Audience, respectively. If the holders of these shares seek to sell their holdings, particularly in significant amounts in compressed time frames, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely impacted. A portion of the shares registered in connection with the acquisition of SocialMoov will not be issued, if at all, until the two year anniversary of the closing of the acquisition. After our initial public offering in March 2013, the holders of an aggregate of 18.8 million shares of our common stock had rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or our stockholders. To the extent the holders of such shares have not sold the shares otherwise, such holders may continue to have registration rights. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act. Any sales of securities by existing stockholders could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our Company more difficult, including the following: 

our board of directors are classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and directors can only be removed from office for cause;     

only our board of directors has the right to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors;     

only our chairman of the board, our lead independent director, our chief executive officer, our president, or a majority of our board of directors is authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders;     

certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware;     

our restated certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established, and shares of which may be issued, without the approval of the holders of common stock; and     

advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders.     

 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline. 

45 

ITEM 2. U  NREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The table below provides information with respect to repurchases of unvested shares of our common stock. 

(1)   
 
 Certain shares of our common stock held by employees and service providers are restricted and subject to vesting. Unvested shares are subject to a right of repurchase by us in the event the holder of such shares is no longer employed by or providing services for us. All shares in the above table were shares repurchased as a result of our exercising this right and not pursuant to a publicly announced plan or program.    

(2)   
 
 Repurchased shares of our common stock were restricted share grants originally issued to the employee shareholders of Perfect Audience at $0.0001 per share, prior to our acquisition of that company.    

     ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITES 
 None. 
     ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
     ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 46 

ITEM 6. E  XHIBITS   PENDING LIEN OFFER LETTER AND YOVANNO TERMINATION LETTER  

Incorporated by Reference  

Number  

Exhibit Title  

Form  

File No.  

Filing Date  

Filed Herewith  

10.1#  

Offer Letter, dated as of August 23, 2016, by and between the Registrant and Christopher A. Lien.  

X  

10.2#  

Separation Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2016, by and between the Registrant and David A. Yovanno.  

X  

31.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

32.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

X  

32.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

X  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document.  

X  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

X  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

X  

#   
 
 Represents a management contract or compensatory plan.    

*   
 
 As contemplated by SEC Release No. 33-8212, these exhibits are furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not incorporated by reference in any filing of Marin Software Incorporated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filings.    

47 

S  IGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MARIN SOFTWARE INCORPORATED  

Dated: November 9, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Christopher A. Lien  

Christopher A. Lien  

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Dated: November 9, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Catriona M. Fallon  

Catriona M. Fallon  

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer)  

48 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Incorporated by Reference  

Number  

Exhibit Title  

Form  

File No.  

Filing Date  

Filed Herewith  

10.1#  

Offer Letter, dated as of August 23, 2016, by and between the Registrant and Christopher A. Lien.  

X  

10.2#  

Separation Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2016, by and between the Registrant and David A. Yovanno.  

X  

31.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

32.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

X  

32.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

X  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document.  

X  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

X  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

X  

#   
 
 Represents a management contract or compensatory plan.    

*   
 
 As contemplated by SEC Release No. 33-8212, these exhibits are furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not incorporated by reference in any filing of Marin Software Incorporated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filings.    

<EX-10.1>
 2
 mrin-ex101_252.htm
 EX-10.1

mrin-ex101_252.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 August 23, 2016 
 Christopher Lien 
 [Private Address] 
  Offer of Employment by Marin Software Incorporated  
 Dear Christopher: 
 I am very pleased to confirm our offer to you of employment with Marin Software Incorporated (the   Company  ) in the position of CEO based in our San Francisco, California office. Your start date shall be August 19, 2016. The terms of our offer and the benefits currently provided by the Company are as follows: 
 1.  Starting Salary . Your starting salary will be at the annualized rate of $400,000 USD per year (less normal payroll deductions and withholdings), and will be subject to review on an annual basis. In addition, you will be eligible for an annual bonus of $400,000, which shall be pro-rated for the months of actual employment in 2016. Your bonus potential will be based on achievement of corporate financial metrics and individual goals, as established and determined by the Compensation Committee and Board of Directors. 
 2.  Benefits . In addition, you will be eligible to participate in regular health, vision and dental insurance, 401(k), and other employee benefit plans established by the Company for its employees from time to time. Comprehensive medical benefits are effective on your hire date. Except as expressly provided herein, the Company reserves the right to change or otherwise modify, in its sole discretion, the preceding terms of employment, as well as any of the terms set forth herein at any time in the future. US employees do not accrue paid time off (PTO). Instead, you will submit time off requests for preapproval by your manager at his or her discretion. There are 9 regular Company holidays and unlimited sick days. The Company also offers US employees a monthly commuting benefit for parking and mass transit expenses. Details regarding the benefit will be provided in new hire orientation. 
 3.  Confidentiality . As an employee of the Company, you will have access to certain confidential information of the Company and you may, during the course of your employment, develop certain information or inventions that will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the Company, you will need to sign the Company s standard  Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement  as a condition of your employment. We wish to impress upon you that we do not want you to, and we hereby direct you not to, bring with you any confidential or proprietary material of any former employer or to violate any other obligations you may have to any former employer. During the period that you render services to the Company, you agree to not engage in any employment, business or activity that is in any way competitive with the business or proposed business of the Company. You will disclose to the Company in writing with updates from time-to-time as requested any other gainful employment, business or activity that you are currently associated with or participate in. You will not assist any other person or organization in competing with the Company or in preparing to engage in competition with the business or proposed business of the Company. You represent that your signing of this offer letter and the Company s Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement and your commencement of employment with the Company will not violate any agreement currently in place between yourself and current or past employers. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, you may engage in charitable activities and community affairs, and with the prior approval of the Board of Directors you may serve as a director of any corporation which does not compete in any way with Company business or proposed business; provided that such activities are not inconsistent with your obligations to the Company. 

Page 2 of 3 
   
    4.   At Will Employment  . While we look forward to a profitable relationship, should you decide to accept our offer, you will be an at-will employee of the Company, which means the employment or other   relationship can be terminated by either of us for any reason, at any time, with or without prior notice and with or without cause. You should regard any statements or representations to the contrary (and, indeed, any statements contradicting any provisio  n in this letter) as ineffective. Further, your participation in any stock option or benefit program is not to be regarded as assuring you of continuing employment or service for any particular period of time. Any modification or change in your at-will emp  loyment status may only occur by way of a written employment agreement signed by you and an authorized officer of the Company (other than you), and approved by the Company s Board of Directors.  
 5.  Authorization to Work . Please note that because of employer regulations adopted in the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, within three (3) business days of starting your new position you will need to present documentation demonstrating that you have authorization to work in the United States. 
 6.  Arbitration . You and the Company shall submit to mandatory and exclusive binding arbitration of any controversy or claim arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement or any breach hereof,  provided ,  however , that the parties retain their right to, and shall not be prohibited, limited or in any other way restricted from, seeking or obtaining equitable relief from a court having jurisdiction over the parties. Such arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and conducted through the American Arbitration Association in the State of California, San Francisco County, before a single neutral arbitrator, in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association in effect at that time. The parties may conduct only essential discovery prior to the hearing, as defined by the AAA arbitrator. The arbitrator shall issue a written decision that contains the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision is based. You shall bear only those costs of arbitration you would otherwise bear had you brought a claim covered by this Agreement in court. Judgment upon the determination or award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. In addition to any other award, the arbitrator shall award the prevailing party attorneys  fees, costs and arbitration costs, incurred by the prevailing party as a result of the arbitration. 
 7.  Successors, Binding Agreement . This Agreement shall not automatically be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company or by any merger or consolidation, whether or not the Company is the surviving or resulting corporation, or upon any transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. In the event of any such merger, consolidation or transfer of assets, the provisions of this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the surviving or resulting corporation, or the corporation to which such assets shall have been transferred, as the case may be; provided, however, that the Company will require any successor to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, by agreement  n form and substance satisfactory to you, to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 
 8.  Miscellaneous . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to California s choice of law rules. No waiver of any term of this Agreement constitutes a waiver of any other term of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended only in writing by an agreement specifically referencing this Agreement which is signed by both you and the Company. In the event that a court or other trier of fact invalidates one or more terms of this Agreement, all the other terms of this Agreement shall remain valid and enforceabe. You shall have no duty to mitigate any damages caused by the breach of the Company of this Agreement. 
 9.  Acceptance . This offer is contingent on a satisfactory background check. If you decide to accept our offer, and I hope you will, please sign the enclosed copy of this letter in the space indicated and return it to me. Your signature will acknowledge that you have read and understood and agreed to the terms and conditions of this offer letter and the attached documents, if any. Should you have anything else that you wish to discuss, please do not hesitate to call me. 
 123 Mission Street, 27 th  Floor I San Francisco, CA 94105 I (415) 399-2580 I (415) 704-3085 (fax) I www.marinsoftware.com 

Page 3 of 3 
   
    We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you to the Company.  

Very truly yours,  

DocuSigned by:  

/s/ Donald Hutchison  

Donald Hutchison  

3C927A2B8B3C414  

Chairman of the Compensation Committee  

I have read and understood this offer letter and hereby acknowledge, accept and agree to the terms as set forth above and further acknowledge that no other commitments were made to me as part of my employment offer except as specifically set forth herein. 

123 Mission Street, 27 th  Floor I San Francisco, CA 94105 I (415) 399-2580 I (415) 704-3085 (fax) I www.marinsoftware.com  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 mrin-ex102_251.htm
 EX-10.2

mrin-ex102_251.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
 August 22, 2016 
 Via Email 
 David Yovanno 
 [Private Address] 
 Re:  Terms of Separation  
 Dear Dave: 
 This letter confirms the agreement  (   Agreement   )  between you and Marin Software Incorporated (the   Company   )  concerning the terms of your separation from employment and offers you certain benefits to which you would not otherwise be entitled, conditioned upon your provision of a general release of claims and covenant not to sue. If you agree to the terms outlined herein, please sign and return this Agreement to me in the timeframe outlined below. 
 1.  Separation from Employment : This Agreement confirms that effective August 26, 2016 (the   Termination Date   ),  your employment will terminate. 
 2.  Release Consideration : In exchange for your agreement to the general release and waiver of claims and covenant not to sue set forth below and your other promises herein, the Company agrees to the following terms: 
 a.  Severance Payment : The Company will pay to you consideration equal to nine months of your monthly base salary in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date (the   Severance Payment  ) .  The Severance Payment will be paid after the Effective Date as follows: 
 i. An amount equal to two months of base salary will be paid to you on the same schedule as regular payroll over the course of September and October 2016. 
 ii. An amount equal to seven months of base salary will be paid to you in a lump sum by November 15,2016. 
 iii. Reimbursement of fees payable to terminate your apartment lease in San Francisco. 
 iv. All amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to all applicable taxes and withholding. 
 b.  COBRA : Upon your timely election to continue your existing health benefits under COBRA following the Termination Date, and consistent with the terms of COBRA and the Company s health insurance plan, the Company will reimburse you for the insurance premiums to continue your existing health benefits, provided that you provide evidence that you elected to continue benefits and that you paid the amounts for which you seek reimbursement, until the earlier of (A) May 31, 2017 or (B) the date on which you become eligible for health insurance coverage under another health insurance plan. You will remain responsible for, and must continue to pay, the portion of co-payments or other amounts that you would have paid under your existing health benefits had your employment continued. 
 c.  At-Will Employment; Termination from Positions : As of the Termination Date, you acknowledge that you have been terminated from all positions you hold with the Company and its subsidiaries, and you relinquish any power of attorney given to you by the Company or its subsidiaries. 
 By signing below, you acknowledge that you are receiving the release consideration outlined in this paragraph in consideration for waiving your rights to claims referred to in this Agreement (and the Second Release, if applicable), that you would not otherwise be entitled to the release consideration, and that you are not entitled to any other separation benefits. 
 3.  Final Pay : On the Termination Date, the Company will pay you for all wages, salary, bonuses, commissions, reimbursable expenses, accrued vacation and any similar payments due you from the Company as of the Termination Date. By signing below, you acknowledge that the Company does not owe you any other amounts, except as otherwise may become payable under the Agreement. 
 1 

4.   Return of Company Property  : You   hereby warrant to the Company that, no later than the Termination Date, you will return to the Company all property or data of the Company of any type whatsoever that has been in your possession or control  
 5.  Proprietary Information : You hereby acknowledge that you are bound by the attached Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement ( Exhibit A  hereto) and that as a result of your employment with the Company you have had access to the Company s Proprietary Information (as defined in the agreement), that you will hold all Proprietary Information in strictest confidence and that you will not make use of such Proprietary Information on behalf of anyone, except as required in the course of your employment with the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, you further confirm that you do not have documents and data of any nature containing or pertaining to such Proprietary Information and that you will not take with you any such documents or data or any reproduction thereof. 
 6.  Equity Grants : 
 a. Any equity grants made to you pursuant to the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan are governed by such plans and any equity grant agreements entered into by you and the Company (collectively, the   Equity Grant Agreements   ).  
 b. Because your employment is terminating on the Termination Date, any unvested options to purchase Company stock and any unvested restricted stock units held by you will cease to vest. Per the Equity Grant Agreements, you will have three (3) months following the Termination Date to exercise any unexercised options that have vested as of the Termination Date (the   Vested Options   ).  After this date, you will no longer have a right to exercise the Vested Options as to any shares. 
 7.  General Release and Waiver of Claims : 
 a. The payments and promises set forth in this Agreement are in full satisfaction of all accrued salary, vacation pay, bonus and commission pay, profit-sharing, stock, stock options or other ownership interest in the Company, termination benefits or other compensation to which you may be entitled by virtue of your employment with the Company or your separation from the Company, including pursuant to the Offer Letter. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you hereby release and waive any other claims you may have against the Company and its owners, agents, officers, shareholders, employees, directors, attorneys, subscribers, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively   Releasees   ),  whether known or not known, including, without limitation, claims under any employment laws, including, but not limited to, claims of unlawful discharge, breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, violation of public policy, defamation, physical injury, emotional distress, claims for additional compensation or benefits arising out of your employment or your separation of employment, including pursuant to any employment agreement you have with the Company, claims under Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, as amended, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act and any other laws and/or regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination, including, without limitation, claims based on age or under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act or Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, and/or claims based on disability or under the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
 b. By signing below, you expressly waive any benefits of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which provides as follows: 
  A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.  
 c. You and the Company do not intend to release claims that you may not release as a matter of law, including but not limited to claims for indemnity under California Labor Code Section 2802, claims for indemnity pursuant to the Indemnity Agreement between you and the Company, the Company s certificate of incorporation, and the Company s restated bylaws, or any claims for enforcement of this Agreement. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any dispute regarding the scope of this general release shall be determined by an arbitrator under the procedures set forth in the arbitration clause below. 
 8.  Covenant Not to Sue : 
 a. To the fullest extent permitted by law, at no time subsequent to the execution of this Agreement will you pursue, or cause or knowingly permit the prosecution, in any state, federal or foreign court, or before any local, state, federal or foreign administrative agency, or any other tribunal, of any charge, claim or action of any kind, nature and character whatsoever, known or unknown, which you may now have, have ever had, or may in the future have against Releasees, which is based in whole or in part on any matter released by this Agreement. 
 2 

b. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit you from filing a charge or complaint with a government agency where, as a matter of law  , the parties may not restrict your ability to file such administrative complaints. However, you understand and agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you are releasing any and all individual claims for relief, and that any and all subsequent dispute  s between you and the Company shall be resolved through arbitration as provided below.  
 c. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit or impair you or the Company from complying with all applicable laws, nor shall this Agreement be construed to obligate either party to commit (or aid or abet in the commission of) any unlawful act. 
 9.  Cooperation and Non-disparagement : During the six-month period following your cessation of employment, you shall cooperate with the Company in every reasonable respect and shall use your best efforts to assist the Company with the transition of your duties to your successor. You further agree that, during the six-month period, you shall not in any way or by any means disparage the Company, the members of the Company s Board of Directors, or the Company s officers and employees. The Company agrees that, during the same six-month period, its current officers shall not in any way or by any means disparage you. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit you or the Company from providing truthful information in response to a subpoena or other legal process. 
 10.  Arbitration : Except for any claim for injunctive relief arising out of a breach of a party s obligations to protect the other s proprietary information, the parties agree to arbitrate, in San Francisco, California through JAMS, any and all disputes or claims arising out of or related to the validity, enforceability, interpretation, performance or breach of this Agreement, whether sounding in tort, contract, statutory violation or otherwise, or involving the construction or application or any of the terms, provisions, or conditions of this Agreement. Any arbitration may be initiated by a written demand to the other party. The arbitrator s decision shall be final, binding, and conclusive. The parties further agree that this Agreement is intended to be strictly construed to provide for arbitration as the sole and exclusive means for resolution of all disputes hereunder to the fullest extent permitted by law. The parties expressly waive any entitlement to have such controversies decided by a court or a jury. 
 11.  Attorneys  Fees : If any action is brought to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys  fees, costs and expenses from the other party, in addition to any other relief to which the prevailing party may be entitled. 
 12.  Confidentiality : The contents, terms and conditions of this Agreement must be kept confidential by you and may not be disclosed except to your immediate family, accountant or attorneys or pursuant to subpoena or court order. You agree that if you are asked for information concerning this Agreement, you will state only that you and the Company reached an amicable resolution of any disputes concerning your separation from the Company. Any breach of this confidentiality provision shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. 
 13.  No Admission of Liability : This Agreement is not and shall not be construed or contended by you to be an admission or evidence of any wrongdoing or liability on the part of Releasees, their representatives, heirs, executors, attorneys, agents, partners, officers, shareholders, directors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, successors or assigns. This Agreement shall be afforded the maximum protection allowable under California Evidence Code Section 1152 and/or any other state or federal provisions of similar effect. 
 14.  Complete and Voluntary Agreement : This Agreement, together with Exhibit A and the Equity Grant Agreements, constitute the entire agreement between you and Releasees with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations and agreements, whether written or oral, relating to such subject matter. You acknowledge that neither Releasees nor their agents or attorneys have made any promise, representation or warranty whatsoever, either express or implied, written or oral, which is not contained in this Agreement for the purpose of inducing you to execute the Agreement, and you acknowledge that you have executed this Agreement in reliance only upon such promises, representations and warranties as are contained herein, and that you are executing this Agreement voluntarily, free of any duress or coercion. 
 15.  Severability : The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any part of it is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the other parts shall remain fully valid and enforceable. Specifically, should a court, arbitrator, or government agency conclude that a particular claim may not be released as a matter of law, it is the intention of the parties that the general release, the waiver of unknown claims and the covenant not to sue above shall otherwise remain effective to release any and all other claims. 
   16.  Modification; Counterparts; Facsimile/PDF Signatures : It is expressly agreed that this Agreement may not be altered, amended, modified, or otherwise changed in any respect except by another written agreement that specifically refers to this Agreement, executed by authorized representatives of each of the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same  
 3 

instrument. Execution of a facsimile or PDF copy shall have the same force and effect as execution of an original, and a copy of a signature will be equally admissible in any legal proceeding as if   an original.  
 17.  Governing Law : This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 
 18.  Review of Separation Agreement : You understand that you may take up to twenty-one (21) days to consider this Agreement and, by signing below, affirm that you were advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement. You also understand you may revoke this Agreement within seven (7) days of signing this document and that the consideration to be provided to you pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) will be provided only at the end of that seven (7) day revocation period 
 19.  Effective Date : This Agreement is effective on the date both parties sign where indicated below, provided that such date is before the expiration date indicated in Section 18 (the   Effective Date ).  
   
 4 

If   you agree to abide by the terms outlined in this letter, please sign this letter below return it to me within the timeframe noted above.  

Sincerely,  

Marin Software Incorporated  

By:  
 
 /s/ Chris Lien  

Chris Lien, CEO  

5 

EXHIBIT A  
 EMPLOYEE INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 

MARIN SOFTWARE INCORPORATED  
 EMPLOYEE INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AND 
 CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 
 In consideration of, and as a condition of my employment with Marin Software Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the   Corporation   ),  I hereby represent to, and agree with the Corporation as follows: 
 1.  Purpose of Agreement .  I understand that the Corporation is engaged in a continuous program of research, development, production and marketing in connection with its business and that it is critical for the Corporation to preserve and protect its    Proprietary Information      (as defined in Section 7 below), its rights in    Inventions      (as defined in Section 2 below) and in all related intellectual property rights. Accordingly, I am entering into this Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement (this    Agreement   )   as a condition of my employment with the Corporation, whether or not I am expected to create inventions of value for the Corporation.  
 2.  Disclosure of Inventions .  I will promptly disclose in confidence to the Corporation all inventions, improvements, designs, original works of authorship, formulas, processes, compositions of matter, computer software programs, databases, mask works and trade secrets that I make or conceive or first reduce to practice or create, either alone or jointly with others, during the period of my employment, whether or not in the course of my employment, and whether or not patentable, copyrightable or protectable as trade secrets (the    Inventions   ).  
 3.  Work for Hire; Assignment of Inventions .  I acknowledge and agree that any copyrightable works prepared by me within the scope of my employment are  works for hire  under the Copyright Act and that the Corporation will be considered the author and owner of such copyrightable works. I agree that all Inventions that (i) are developed using equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secrets of the Corporation, (ii) result from work performed by me for the Corporation, or (iii) relate to the Corporation s business or current or anticipated research and development (the    Assigned Inventions   ),   will be the sole and exclusive property of the Corporation and are hereby irrevocably assigned by me to the Corporation. Attached hereto as   Exhibit A   is a list describing all inventions, original works of authorship, developments and trade secrets which were made by me prior to the date of this Agreement, which belong to me and which are not assigned to the Corporation   (   Prior Inventions   ).   If no such list is attached, I agree that it is because no such Prior Inventions exist. I acknowledge and agree that if I use any of my Prior Inventions in the scope of my employment, or include them in any product or service of the Corporation, I hereby grant to the Corporation a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, world-wide, royalty-free license to use, disclose, make, sell, copy, distribute, modify and create works based on, perform or display such Prior Inventions and to sublicense third parties with the same rights.  
 4.  Labor Code Section 2870 Notice .  I have been notified and understand that the provisions of Sections 3 and 5 of this Agreement do not apply to any Assigned Invention that qualifies fully under the provisions of Section 2870 of the California Labor Code, which states as follows:  
 ANY PROVISION IN AN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WHICH PROVIDES THAT AN EMPLOYEE SHALL ASSIGN, OR OFFER TO ASSIGN, ANY OF HIS OR HER RIGHTS IN AN INVENTION TO HIS OR HER EMPLOYER SHALL NOT APPLY TO AN INVENTION THAT THE EMPLOYEE DEVELOPED ENTIRELY ON HIS OR HER OWN TIME WITHOUT USING THE EMPLOYER S EQUIPMENT, SUPPLIES, FACILITIES, OR TRADE SECRET INFORMATION EXCEPT FOR THOSE INVENTIONS THAT EITHER: (1) RELATE AT THE TIME OF CONCEPTION OR REDUCTION TO PRACTICE OF THE INVENTION TO THE EMPLOYER S BUSINESS, OR ACTUAL OR DEMONSTRABLY ANTICIPATED RESEARCH OR DEVELOPMENT OF THE EMPLOYER; OR (2) RESULT FROM ANY WORK PERFORMED BY THE EMPLOYEE FOR THE EMPLOYER. TO THE EXTENT A PROVISION IN AN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT PURPORTS TO REQUIRE AN EMPLOYEE TO ASSIGN AN INVENTION OTHERWISE EXCLUDED FROM BEING REQUIRED TO BE ASSIGNED UNDER CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE SECTION 2870(a), THE PROVISION IS AGAINST THE PUBLIC POLICY OF THIS STATE AND IS UNENFORCEABLE. 

5.   Assignment of Other Rights  .   In addition to the foregoing assignmen  t of Assigned Inventions to the Corporation, I hereby irrevocably transfer and assign to the Corporation: (i) all worldwide patents, patent applications, copyrights, mask works, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, including but not limite  d to rights in databases, in any Assigned Inventions, along with any registrations of or applications to register such rights; and (ii) any and all    Moral Rights    (as defined below) that I may have in or with respect to any Assigned Inventions. I also here  by forever waive and agree never to assert any and all Moral Rights I may have in or with respect to any Assigned Inventions, even after termination of my work on behalf of the Corporation.    Moral Rights      mean any rights to claim authorship of or credit on   an Assigned Inventions, to object to or prevent the modification or destruction of any Assigned Inventions or Prior Inventions licensed to Corporation under Section 3, or to withdraw from circulation or control the publication or distribution of any Assig  ned Inventions or Prior Inventions licensed to Corporation under Section 3, and any similar right, existing under judicial or statutory law of any country or subdivision thereof in the world, or under any treaty, regardless of whether or not such right is   denominated or generally referred to as a  moral right.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, I will have the right to claim participation in the development, creation, or modification of the Assigned Inventions on my resume or in my curriculum vita; provided th  at I obtain Corporation s approval for such disclosures before providing the disclosure to any third-party.  
 6.  Assistance .  I agree to assist the Corporation in every proper way to obtain for the Corporation and enforce patents, copyrights, mask work rights, trade secret rights and other legal protections for the Corporation s Assigned Inventions in any and all countries. I will execute any documents that the Corporation may reasonably request for use in obtaining or enforcing such patents, copyrights, mask work rights, trade secrets and other legal protections. My obligations under this paragraph will continue beyond the termination of my employment with the Corporation, provided that the Corporation will compensate me at a reasonable rate after such termination for time or expenses actually spent by me at the Corporation s request on such assistance. I appoint the Secretary of the Corporation as my attorney-in-fact to execute documents on my behalf for this purpose.  
 7.  Proprietary Information .  I understand that my employment by the Corporation creates a relationship of confidence and trust with respect to any information of a confidential or secret nature that may be disclosed to me by the Corporation or a third party that relates to the business of the Corporation or to the business of any parent, subsidiary, affiliate, customer or supplier of the Corporation or any other party with whom the Corporation agrees to hold information of such party in confidence (the    Proprietary Information   ).   Such Proprietary Information includes, but is not limited to, Assigned Inventions, marketing plans, product plans, business strategies, financial information, forecasts, personnel information, customer lists and data, and domain names.  
 8.  Confidentiality .  At all times, both during my employment and after its termination, I will keep and hold all such Proprietary Information in strict confidence and trust. I will not use or disclose any Proprietary Information without the prior written consent of the Corporation, except as may be necessary to perform my duties as an employee of the Corporation for the benefit of the Corporation. Upon termination of my employment with the Corporation, I will promptly deliver to the Corporation all documents and materials of any nature pertaining to my work with the Corporation and, upon the Corporation s request, will execute a document confirming my agreement to honor my responsibilities contained in this Agreement. I will not take with me or retain any documents or materials or copies thereof containing any Proprietary Information.  
 9.  No Breach of Prior Agreement .  I represent that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement and my duties as an employee of the Corporation will not breach any invention assignment, proprietary information, confidentiality or similar agreement with any former employer or other party. I represent that I will not bring with me to the Corporation or use in the performance of my duties for the Corporation any documents or materials or intangibles of a former employer or third party that are not generally available to the public or have not been legally transferred to the Corporation.  
 10.  Efforts; Duty Not to Compete .  I understand that my employment with the Corporation requires my undivided attention and effort during normal business hours. While I am employed by the Corporation, I will not, without the Corporation s express prior written consent, engage in any other employment or business that (i) directly competes with the current or future business of the Corporation; (ii) uses any Corporation information, equipment, supplies, facilities or materials; or (iii) otherwise conflicts with the Corporation s business interest and causes a disruption of its operations.  
 11.  Notification .  I hereby authorize the Corporation to notify third parties, including, without limitation, customers and actual or potential employers, of the terms of this Agreement and my responsibilities hereunder.  
 12.  Non-Solicitation of Employees/Consultants .  During my employment with the Corporation and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, I will not directly or indirectly solicit away employees or consultants of the Corporation for my own benefit or for the benefit of any other person or entity.  
   13.  Non-Solicitation of Suppliers/Customers .  During and after the termination of my employment with the Corporation, I will not directly or indirectly solicit or otherwise take away customers or suppliers of the Corporation if, in so doing, I use or disclose any   
 2 

trade secrets or proprietary or confidential information of the Corporation. I agree that the non-public names and addresses of the Corporation s customers and suppliers, and all other confidential i  nformation related to them, including their buying and selling habits and special needs, created or obtained by me during my employment, constitute trade secrets or proprietary or confidential information of the Corporation.  
 14.  Name   Likeness Rights .  I hereby authorize the Corporation to use, reuse, and to grant others the right to use and reuse, my name, photograph, likeness (including caricature), voice, and biographical information, and any reproduction or simulation thereof, in any form of media or technology now known or hereafter developed (including, but not limited to, film, video and digital or other electronic media), both during and after my employment, for any purposes related to the Corporation s business, such as marketing, advertising, credits, and presentations.  
 15.  Injunctive Relief .  I understand that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by me the Corporation may suffer irreparable harm and will therefore be entitled to injunctive relief to enforce this Agreement.  
 16.  Governing Law; Severability .  This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to its laws pertaining to conflict of laws. If any provision of this Agreement is determined by any court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent possible given the intent of the parties hereto. If such clause or provision cannot be so enforced, such provision shall be stricken from this Agreement and the remainder of this Agreement shall be enforced as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable clause or provision had (to the extent not enforceable) never been contained in this Agreement.  
 17.  Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered will be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  
 18.  Entire Agreement .  This Agreement and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between or among the parties hereto with respect to the specific subject matter hereof.  
 19.  Amendment and Waivers .  This Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement executed by each of the parties hereto. No amendment of or waiver of, or modification of any obligation under this Agreement will be enforceable unless set forth in a writing signed by the party against which enforcement is sought. Any amendment effected in accordance with this section will be binding upon all parties hereto and each of their respective successors and assigns. No delay or failure to require performance of any provision of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of that provision as to that or any other instance. No waiver granted under this Agreement as to any one provision herein shall constitute a subsequent waiver of such provision or of any other provision herein, nor shall it constitute the waiver of any performance other than the actual performance specifically waived.  
 20.  Successors and Assigns; Assignment .  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder, will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. The Corporation may assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement. No other party to this Agreement may assign, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, except with the prior written consent of the Corporation.  
 21.  Further Assurances .  The parties agree to execute such further documents and instruments and to take such further actions as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.  
 3 

22.    At Will  Employmen  t  .   I   understand that this Agreement does not constitute a contract of employment or obligate the Corporation to employ me for any stated period of time.   I   understand that   I   am an  at will  employee of the Corporation and that my employment can be terminate  d at any time, with or without notice and with or without cause, for any reason or for no reason, by either the Corporation or myself.   I   acknowledge that any statements or representations to the contrary are ineffective, unless put into a writing signed by   the Corporation. I further acknowledge that my participation in any stock option or benefit program is not to be construed as any assurance of continuing employment for any particular period of time. This Agreement shall be effective as of the first day o  f my employment by the Corporation, which is May 7, 2014.  

Marin Software Incorporated:  

Employee:  

By:  
 
 /s/ Bruce W. Dunlevie  

/s/ David A. Yovanno  

Bruce W. Dunlevie  

[Signature]  

Lead Independent Director  

David A. Yovanno  

Name  [Please Print]   

4 

Exhibit A  
 Prior Inventions Not Assigned to Corporation 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 mrin-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

mrin-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Christopher A. Lien, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Marin Software Incorporated;     

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined Exchange Act Rules13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a.   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b.   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c.   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d.   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a.   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b.   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:  
 
 /s/ Christopher A. Lien  

Christopher A. Lien  

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 mrin-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

mrin-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Catriona M. Fallon, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Marin Software Incorporated;     

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined Exchange Act Rules13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a.   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b.   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c.   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d.   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a.   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b.   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:  
 
 /s/ Catriona M. Fallon  

Catriona M. Fallon  

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 mrin-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

mrin-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Christopher A. Lien, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
 (1) the Quarterly Report of Marin Software Incorporated on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the   Report  ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and  
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Marin Software Incorporated for the periods presented therein. 

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Christopher A. Lien  

Christopher A. Lien  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 mrin-ex322_8.htm
 EX-32.2

mrin-ex322_8.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Catriona M. Fallon, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
 (1) the Quarterly Report of Marin Software Incorporated on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the   Report  ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Marin Software Incorporated for the periods presented therein. 

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Catriona M. Fallon  

Catriona M. Fallon  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 mrin-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mrin-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 mrin-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mrin-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mrin-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mrin-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

