<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1082038_0001193125-16-754933_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3266497</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>409215</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>193485</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>607019</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1182939</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>724303</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-754933.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101133158
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-754933
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DURECT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001082038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				943297098
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31615
		FILM NUMBER:		161964068

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10240 BUBB RD
		CITY:			CUPERTINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087771417

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10240 BUBB ROAD
		CITY:			CUPERTINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95014

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-754933.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 d259942d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                          
  Commission file number 000-31615        
       DURECT
CORPORATION      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  94-3297098   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    10260 Bubb Road   
  Cupertino, California 95014   
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)   
  (408) 777-1417   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       As of October 25, 2016, there were
138,581,556 shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding.          

Table of Contents  

     INDEX   

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1.  
   
    Financial Statements   

3 

Condensed Balance Sheets  as   of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
 2015    

3 

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Loss  for the three and nine months
 ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

4 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015    

5 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   

6 

Item 2.  
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations   

16 

Item 3.  
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

26 

Item 4.  
   
    Controls and Procedures   

27 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1.  
   
    Legal Proceedings   

28 

Item 1A.  
   
    Risk Factors   

28 

Item 2.  
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

49 

Item 3.  
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

49 

Item 4.  
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

49 

Item 5.  
   
    Other Information   

49 

Item 6.  
   
    Exhibits   

49 

Signatures    

50 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements          DURECT CORPORATION   
  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (in thousands)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     DURECT CORPORATION   
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
  (in thousands, except per share amounts)   
  (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     DURECT CORPORATION   
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (in thousands)   
  (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     DURECT CORPORATION   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
   Nature of Operations    
 DURECT Corporation (the Company) was incorporated in the state of Delaware on February 6, 1998. The Company is a biopharmaceutical company
with research and development programs broadly falling into two categories: (i) new chemical entities derived from our Epigenetics Regulator Program, in which we attempt to discover and develop molecules which have not previously been approved
and marketed as therapeutics, and (ii) Drug Delivery Programs, in which we apply our formulation expertise and technologies largely to active pharmaceutical ingredients whose safety and efficacy have previously been established but which we aim
to improve in some manner through a new formulation. The Company has several products under development by itself and with third party collaborators. The Company also manufactures and sells osmotic pumps used in laboratory research, and designs,
develops and manufactures a wide range of standard and custom biodegradable polymers and excipients for pharmaceutical and medical device clients for use as raw materials in their products. In addition, the Company conducts research and development
of pharmaceutical products in collaboration with third party pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.      Basis of Presentation
     The accompanying unaudited financial statements include the accounts of the Company. These financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and therefore do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of the Company s results of operations, financial
position and cash flows in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). The unaudited financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) which are, in the opinion of
management, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position at September 30, 2016, the operating results and comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and cash flows for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete
financial statements. These financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements and notes thereto, included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC.    The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of
results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the full fiscal year.      Inventories    
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventories, in part, include
certain excipients that are sold to a customer and included in products awaiting regulatory approval. These inventories are capitalized based on management s judgment of probable sale prior to their expiration date which in turn is primarily
based on non-binding forecasts from our customers as well as management s internal estimates. The valuation of inventory requires management to estimate the value of inventory that may become expired prior to use. The Company may be required to
expense previously capitalized inventory costs upon a change in management s judgment, due to, among other potential factors, a denial or delay of approval of a customer s product by the necessary regulatory bodies, or new information that
suggests that the inventory will not be saleable. In addition, these circumstances may cause the Company to record a liability related to minimum purchase agreements that the Company has in place for raw materials. In September 2016, our licensee,
Pain Therapeutics received a Complete Response Letter from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for Pain Therapeutics  New Drug Application for REMOXY  ER (oxycodone) extended-release capsules CII. As a result, the Company wrote down
certain lots of inventory which are no longer considered to be probable for use prior to expiration and prepaid inventory related to a minimum purchase agreement for an excipient. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company recorded charges to cost of goods sold of approximately $926,000, of which approximately $426,000 related to the write-down of the cost basis of inventory and approximately $500,000 related to the prepaid inventory for the minimum purchase
commitment for an excipient. As of September 30, 2016, the remaining carrying value of the excipients in the Company s inventory was $629,000. In addition, the Company has remaining unrecorded future purchase commitments totaling $1.5
million through 2018. In the event that management determines that the Company will not utilize all of these materials, there could be a potential write-off related to this inventory and a reserve for future purchase commitments.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  The Company s inventories consisted of the following (in thousands):  
   
     Revenue Recognition    
 Revenue from the sale of products is recognized when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, the product is shipped and title
transfers to customers, provided no continuing obligation on the Company s part exists, the price is fixed or determinable and the collectability of the amounts owed is reasonably assured. The Company enters into license and collaboration
agreements under which it may receive upfront license fees, research funding and contingent milestone payments and royalties. The Company s deliverables under these arrangements typically consist of granting licenses to intellectual property
rights and providing research and development services. The accounting standards contain a presumption that separate contracts entered into at or near the same time with the same entity or related parties were negotiated as a package and should be
evaluated as a single agreement.      Comprehensive Income (Loss)    
 Components of other comprehensive income (loss) are comprised entirely of unrealized gains and losses on the Company s available-for-sale
securities and marketable equity security for all periods presented. Total comprehensive loss has been disclosed in the Company s Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Loss.  
   Net Loss Per Share    
 Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net loss
per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and common stock equivalents (i.e., options to purchase common stock) outstanding during the period, if dilutive, using the treasury stock method for options.  
 Options to purchase approximately 16.9 million and 18.8 million shares of common stock were excluded from the denominator in the
calculation of diluted net loss per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as the effect would be anti-dilutive. Options to purchase approximately 11.7 million and 16.5 million shares of common
stock were excluded from the denominator in the calculation of diluted net loss per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, as the effect would be anti-dilutive.  
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 simplifies several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross share compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as
they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. Some of the areas of simplification apply only to nonpublic entities. For public business entities, the amendments in ASU 2016-09 are effective for annual periods
beginning after 15 December 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after 15 December 2017, and interim periods within annual periods
beginning after 15 December 2018. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period for which financial statements haven t been issued or made available for issuance. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an
interim period, any adjustments must be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact that ASU 2016-09 will have on its financial statements.    In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842), which amends the existing accounting standards for leases. The new standard requires lessees to record a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet
(with the exception of short-term leases). For lessees, leases will continue to be classified as either operating or financing in the income statement. This ASU becomes effective for the Company in the first quarter of  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  fiscal year 2019 and early adoption is permitted. This ASU is required to be applied with a modified
retrospective approach and requires application of the new standard at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-02 will have on its financial statements.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance codified in ASC 606, Revenue Recognition Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which amends the
guidance in former ASC 605, Revenue Recognition. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides companies with two implementation methods. Companies can choose to apply the standard retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full
retrospective application) or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings of the annual reporting period that includes the date of initial application
(modified retrospective application). The standard was to have been effective for public entities for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. In July 2015, the FASB voted to delay the effective date for this guidance. This
guidance will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASC 606.  
 In November 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic
205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (ASU 2014-15). This update is intended to define management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an
organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain
principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments: (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt; (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods; (3) provide
principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans; (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans; (5) require an express statement and
other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated; and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). ASU 2014-15 will be effective for annual
periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. ASU 2014-15 will be effective for the Company beginning with its annual report for fiscal
2016 and interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2014-15 will have on its financial statements.  
 In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-17(ASU 2015-17), Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes to simplify
the presentation of deferred income taxes. The amendments in this update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet instead of separating deferred taxes into current and noncurrent amounts. The
new guidance will be effective for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years (i.e., in the first quarter of 2017 for calendar year-end companies). Early adoption is
permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The guidance may be applied either prospectively, for all deferred tax assets and liabilities, or retrospectively (i.e., by reclassifying the comparative
balance sheet). The Company early adopted ASU 2015-17, on a prospective basis, for the year ended December 31, 2015.     Note 2. Strategic Agreements
    The collaborative research and development and other revenues associated with the Company s major third-party collaborators are
as follows (in thousands):      

8  

Table of Contents  

    Agreement with Pain Therapeutics, Inc.    
 In December 2002, the Company entered into an exclusive agreement with Pain Therapeutics, Inc. (Pain Therapeutics) to develop and commercialize
on a worldwide basis REMOXY  ER and other oral sustained release, abuse deterrent opioid products incorporating four specified opioid drugs, using the ORADUR technology. Total collaborative research and development revenue recognized under the
agreements with Pain Therapeutics was $153,000 and $163,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively compared with $346,000 and $509,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015. In May 2015, Pain Therapeutics
sent a letter to the Company that provided the Company with formal written notice that Pain Therapeutics was deleting, effective as of January 12, 2015, the opioid drug hydrocodone (and only hydrocodone) as a licensed product under the
agreement. The letter did not alter the terms of the agreement regarding the remaining three licensed products (REMOXY ER, hydromorphone or oxymorphone) or otherwise amend the agreement. Under the agreement with Pain Therapeutics, subject to and
upon the achievement of predetermined development and regulatory milestones for the three drug candidates, the Company is entitled to receive milestone payments of up to $7.2 million in the aggregate. The cumulative aggregate payments received by
the Company from Pain Therapeutics as of September 30, 2016 were $39.8 million under this agreement.    Under the terms of this
agreement, Pain Therapeutics paid the Company an upfront license fee of $1.0 million, with the potential for an additional $7.2 million in performance milestone payments based on the successful development and approval of the three ORADUR-based
opioids. Of these potential milestones, all $7.2 million are development-based milestones. There are no sales-based milestones under the agreement. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had received $1.7 million in cumulative milestone
payments.    In March 2009, King Pharmaceuticals (King) assumed the responsibility for further development of REMOXY ER from Pain
Therapeutics, and in February 2011, Pfizer acquired King and thereby assumed the rights and obligations of King with respect to REMOXY ER. In October 2014, Pfizer notified Pain Therapeutics that Pfizer had decided to discontinue development of
REMOXY ER, and that Pfizer would return all rights, including responsibility for regulatory activities, to Pain Therapeutics and that Pfizer would continue ongoing activities under the agreement until the scheduled termination date in April 2015.
The cumulative aggregate payments received by the Company from Pfizer and King as of September 30, 2016 were $7.1 million under this agreement. In July 2015, Pain Therapeutics stated that it had substantially completed the transition of REMOXY
ER from Pfizer. In March 2016, Pain Therapeutics resubmitted the New Drug Application (NDA) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and in September 2016, Pain Therapeutics received a Complete Response Letter from the FDA for REMOXY ER.
Based on its review, the FDA has determined that the NDA cannot be approved in its present form and specifies additional actions and data that are needed for drug approval.  
 Total collaborative research and development revenue recognized for REMOXY ER-related work performed by the Company for Pain Therapeutics was
$153,000 and $163,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $346,000 and $397,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015. Prior to March 2009 and after November 2014, the Company recognized collaborative research
and development revenue for REMOXY ER-related work for Pain Therapeutics. The cumulative aggregate payments received by the Company from Pain Therapeutics as of September 30, 2016 were $39.8 million under this agreement.  
   Long Term Supply Agreement with King (Pfizer)    
 In November 2009, the Company signed an exclusive long term excipient supply agreement with respect to REMOXY ER with King. In
February 2011, Pfizer acquired King and thereby assumed the rights and obligations of King with respect to this long term supply agreement. This agreement stipulated the terms and conditions under which the Company would supply to King, based
on the Company s manufacturing cost plus a specified percentage mark-up, two key excipients used in the manufacture of REMOXY ER. The term of the agreement commenced in November 2009 and continued in effect until April 2015, when the related
development and license agreement between Pain Therapeutics and King terminated.    Total revenues recognized related to these excipients
was $374,000 and $653,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to zero and $96,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015. The associated cost of goods sold was $92,000 and $216,000 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared with zero and $51,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015. Recent orders for these excipients from Pain Therapeutics have been processed through mutually agreeable purchase orders, in the absence of an existing
long-term contract. Pursuant to the Company s 2002 agreement with Pain Therapeutics, the Company is to be the exclusive supplier of certain defined excipients for products in the collaboration.  
   Agreement with Zogenix, Inc.    
 On July 11, 2011, the Company and Zogenix, Inc., (Zogenix), entered into a Development and License Agreement (the Zogenix Agreement). The
Company and Zogenix had previously been working together under a feasibility agreement pursuant to which the Company s research and development costs were reimbursed by Zogenix. Under the Zogenix Agreement, Zogenix will be responsible
 
      9  

Table of Contents  

for the clinical development and commercialization of a proprietary, long-acting injectable formulation of risperidone using the Company s SABER controlled-release formulation technology in
combination with Zogenix s DosePro  needle-free, subcutaneous drug delivery system. DURECT will be responsible for non-clinical, formulation and CMC development activities. The Company will be reimbursed by Zogenix for its research and
development efforts on the product.    Zogenix paid a non-refundable upfront fee to the Company of $2.25 million in July 2011. The
Company s research and development services are considered integral to utilizing the licensed intellectual property and, accordingly, the deliverables are accounted for as a single unit of accounting. The $2.25 million upfront fee is being
recognized as collaborative research and development revenue ratably over the term of the Company s continuing research and development involvement with Zogenix with respect to this product candidate. Zogenix is obligated to pay the Company up
to $103 million in total future milestone payments with respect to the product subject to and upon the achievement of various developments, regulatory and sales milestones. Of these potential milestones, $28 million are development-based milestones
(none of which has been achieved as of September 30, 2016), and $75 million are sales-based milestones (none of which had been achieved as of September 30, 2016). Zogenix is also required to pay a mid single-digit to low double-digit
percentage patent royalty on annual net sales of the product determined on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. The patent royalty term is equal to the later of the expiration of all DURECT technology patents or joint patent rights in a particular
jurisdiction, the expiration of marketing exclusivity rights in such jurisdiction, or 15 years from first commercial sale in such jurisdiction. After the patent royalty term, Zogenix will continue to pay royalties on annual net sales of the product
at a reduced rate for so long as Zogenix continues to sell the product in the jurisdiction. Zogenix is also required to pay to the Company a tiered percentage of fees received in connection with any sublicense of the licensed rights.  
 The Company granted to Zogenix an exclusive worldwide license, with sub-license rights, to the Company s intellectual property rights
related to the Company s proprietary polymeric and non-polymeric controlled-release formulation technology to make and have made, use, offer for sale, sell and import risperidone products, where risperidone is the sole active agent, for
administration by injection in the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder or other psychiatric related disorders in humans. The Company retains the right to supply Zogenix s Phase III clinical trial and commercial product requirements on
the terms set forth in the Zogenix Agreement. Zogenix may terminate the Zogenix Agreement without cause at any time upon prior written notice, and either party may terminate the Zogenix Agreement upon certain circumstances including written notice
of a material uncured breach.    The following table provides a summary of collaborative research and development revenue recognized under
the agreements with Zogenix (in thousands). The cumulative aggregate payments received by the Company as of September 30, 2016 were $20.1 million under these agreements.      

     Agreement with Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    
 On December 11, 2014, the Company and Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Santen) entered into a definitive agreement (the Santen Agreement).
Pursuant to the Santen Agreement, the Company granted Santen an exclusive worldwide license to the Company s proprietary SABER formulation platform and other intellectual property to develop and commercialize a sustained release product
utilizing the Company s SABER technology to deliver an ophthalmology drug. Santen will control and fund the development and commercialization program, and the parties have established a joint management committee to oversee, review and
coordinate the development activities of the parties under the Santen Agreement.    In connection with the Santen agreement, Santen agreed
to pay the Company an upfront fee of $2.0 million in cash and to make contingent cash payments to the Company of up to $76.0 million upon the achievement of certain milestones, of which $13.0 million are development-based milestones and $63.0
million are commercialization-based milestones including milestones requiring the achievement of certain product sales targets (none of which has been achieved as of September 30, 2016). Santen will also pay for certain Company costs incurred
in the development of the licensed product. If the product is commercialized, the Company would also receive a tiered royalty on annual net product sales ranging from single-digit to the low double digits, determined on a country-by-country basis.
Santen may terminate the Santen Agreement without cause at any time upon prior written notice, and either party may terminate the Santen Agreement upon certain circumstances including written notice of a material uncured breach. As of
September 30, 2016, the cumulative aggregate payments received by the Company under this agreement were $3.3 million.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides a summary of collaborative research and development revenue
recognized under the Santen Agreement (in thousands).      
    Note 3. Financial Instruments   
 Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the
principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company s valuation techniques used to measure fair value maximize the use of observable inputs
and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Company follows a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value. These levels
of inputs are the following:      

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.        

Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are
observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.        

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.    
 The Company s financial instruments are valued using quoted prices in active markets or based upon other observable inputs. Money market
funds are classified as Level 1 financial assets. Certificates of deposit, commercial paper, corporate debt securities, and U.S. Government agency securities are classified as Level 2 financial assets. The fair value of the Level 2 assets is
estimated using pricing models using current observable market information for similar securities. The Company s Level 2 investments include U.S. government-backed securities and corporate securities that are valued based upon observable inputs
that may include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data including market research publications. The fair value of commercial paper is based
upon the time to maturity and discounted using the three-month treasury bill rate. The average remaining maturity of the Company s Level 2 investments as of September 30, 2016 is less than twelve months and these investments are rated by
S P and Moody s at AAA or AA- for securities and A1 or P1 for commercial paper.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

  The following is a summary of available-for-sale securities as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 (in thousands):      
   The following is a summary of the cost and estimated fair value of available-for-sale securities at
September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity (in thousands):      
   There were no securities that have had an unrealized loss for more than 12 months as of September 30,
2016.    As of September 30, 2016, unrealized losses on available-for-sale investments are not attributed to credit risk and are
considered to be temporary. The Company believes that it is more-likely-than-not that investments in an unrealized loss position will be held until maturity or the recovery of the cost basis of the investment. To date, the Company has not recorded
any impairment charges on marketable securities related to other-than-temporary declines in market value.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   Note 4. Stock-Based Compensation   
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company has three stock-based compensation plans. The stock-based compensation cost that has been included
in the statements of comprehensive loss is shown as below (in thousands):      
   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $14,000 and $13,000 of stock-based compensation cost
was capitalized in inventory on the Company s balance sheets, respectively.    The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model
to value its stock options. The expected life computation is based on historical exercise patterns and post-vesting termination behavior. The Company considered its historical volatility in developing its estimate of expected volatility.  
 The Company used the following assumptions to estimate the fair value of stock options granted (including fully vested options issued in
January 2016 and 2015) and shares purchased under its employee stock purchase plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

   Note 5. Long-Term Debt   
 On June 26, 2014, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with Oxford Finance LLC
( Oxford Finance ), pursuant to which Oxford Finance provided a $20 million secured single-draw term loan to the Company with a maturity date of July 1, 2018. The term loan was fully drawn at close and the proceeds were to be used for
working capital and general business requirements.    In July 2015, the Company and Oxford Finance entered into the First Amendment of the
Loan Agreement and modified the terms of the Loan Agreement to change the maturity date from July 1, 2018 to July 1, 2019 and to change the first principal payment date from February 1, 2016 to February 1, 2017. The interest rate
remained unchanged, the Company paid a loan modification fee of $240,000 and the additional payment originally equal to 8% of the principal amount of the term loan, which was due when the term loan becomes due or upon the prepayment of the facility,
was increased to 10%. Consistent with the accounting treatment noted above for the final payment, the loan modification fee has been recorded on the balance sheet as a debt discount and was being amortized to interest expense over the remaining life
of the term loan using the effective interest method.    In July 2016, the Company renegotiated the terms of its $20.0 million secured
single-draw term loan with Oxford Finance with such renegotiated terms being formalized in a new Loan and Security Agreement (the  2016 Loan Agreement ). The 2016 Loan Agreement provides for interest only payments for the first 18
months, followed by consecutive monthly payments of principal and interest in arrears starting on March 1, 2018 and continuing through the maturity date of the term loan of August 1, 2020. The 2016 Loan Agreement also provides for a
floating interest rate (7.95% initially) based on an index rate plus a spread, a $150,000 facility fee that was paid at closing and an additional payment equal to 9.25% of the principal amount of the term loan, which is due when the term loan
becomes due or upon the prepayment of the facility. If the Company elects to prepay the loan, there is also a prepayment fee between 1% and 3% of the principal amount of the term loan depending on the timing of prepayment. The facility fee and
other debt offering/issuance costs have been recorded as debt discount on the Company s balance sheet and together with the final $1.9 million payment and interest rate payments will be amortized to interest expense throughout the life of
the term loan using the effective interest rate method. In connection with this renegotiation, the Company also paid Oxford Finance $886,000, which represented a portion of the final payment which would have been payable to Oxford Finance when the
loan became due.    The term loan is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company, except that the collateral does not include
any intellectual property (including licensing, collaboration and similar agreements relating thereto), and certain other excluded assets. The 2016 Loan Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company, which
covenants limit the Company s ability to convey, sell, lease, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of certain assets of the Company; engage in any business other than the businesses currently engaged in by the Company or reasonably related
thereto; liquidate or dissolve; make certain management changes; undergo certain change of control events; create, incur, assume, or be liable with respect to certain indebtedness; grant certain liens; pay dividends and make certain other restricted
payments; make certain investments; and make payments on any subordinated debt.    The 2016 Loan Agreement also contains customary
indemnification obligations and customary events of default, including, among other things, the Company s failure to fulfill certain obligations of the Company under the 2016 Loan Agreement and the occurrence of a material adverse change
which is defined as a material adverse change in the Company s business, operations, or condition (financial or otherwise), a material impairment of the prospect of repayment of any portion of the loan, or a material impairment in the
perfection or priority of lender s lien in the collateral or in the value of such collateral. In the event of default by the Company under the 2016 Loan Agreement, the lender would be entitled to exercise its remedies thereunder, including
the right to accelerate the debt, upon which the Company may be required to repay all amounts then outstanding under the 2016 Loan Agreement, which could harm the Company s financial condition.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all material covenants under the Loan Agreement and there had been no
material adverse change.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the term loan approximated its fair value
based on Level 3 unobservable inputs involving discounted cash flows and the estimated market rate of borrowing that could be obtained by companies with credit risk similar to the Company s credit risk. Future maturities and interest payments
under the term loan as of September 30, 2016, were as follows (in thousands):      
   Interest expense, including amortization of the debt discount, related to the long-term debt was $583,000 and
$1.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $557,000 and $1.7 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. Upon the repayment of the existing loan agreement in July 2016, the Company
recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of approximately $9,000 in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 within other income (expense) in the Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Loss.  
  Note 6. Stockholders  Equity     During
the third quarter of 2016, the Company raised net proceeds (net of commission) of approximately $1.9 million from the sale of 1,042,603 shares of its common stock at a weighted average price of $1.86 per share in the open market through its
Controlled Equity Offering SM  sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald, entered into in November 2015. The shares were issued pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 declared effective in
November 2015. As of October 25, 2016, the Company had up to $33.8 million of common stock available for sale under the Controlled Equity Offering program.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 should be read in conjunction with our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and  Risk Factors  section included
elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. When used
in this report, the words  believe,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   estimate,   expect,   may,   will,   could,   potentially  and similar
expressions are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs. Any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual
events or results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.  
  Forward-looking statements made in this report include, for example, statements about:   

potential regulatory filings for or approval of POSIMIR, REMOXY ER, DUR-928 or any of our other product candidates;        

the progress of our third-party collaborations, including estimated milestones;        

our intention to seek, and ability to enter into and maintain strategic alliances and collaborations;        

the potential benefits and uses of our products;        

responsibilities of our third-party collaborators, including the responsibility to make cost reimbursement, milestone, royalty and other payments to us, and our expectations regarding our collaborators  plans with
respect to our products and continued development of our products;        

our responsibilities to our third-party collaborators, including our responsibilities to conduct research and development, clinical trials and manufacture products;    

our ability to protect intellectual property, including intellectual property licensed to our collaborators;        

market opportunities for products in our product pipeline;        

the progress and results of our research and development programs;        

requirements for us to purchase supplies and raw materials from third parties, and the ability of third parties to provide us with required supplies and raw materials;    

the results, progress and timing of clinical trials, including for POSIMIR, DUR-928, Relday, ELADUR, or ORADUR-ADHD or other ORADUR-based product candidates, and the possible commencement of future clinical trials;

conditions for obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates;        

submission and timing of applications for regulatory approval;        

the impact of FDA, DEA, EMEA and other government regulation on our business;        

the impact of potential Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (REMS) on our business;        

uncertainties associated with obtaining and protecting patents and other intellectual property rights, as well as avoiding the intellectual property rights of others;    

products and companies that will compete with the products we are developing and may license to third-party collaborators or commercialize ourself;    

the possibility we may commercialize our own products and build up our commercial, sales and marketing capabilities and other required infrastructure;    

the possibility that we may develop additional manufacturing capabilities;        

our employees, including the number of employees and the continued services of key management, technical and scientific personnel;        

our future performance, including our anticipation that we will not derive meaningful revenues from our products in development for at least the next twelve months, potential for future inventory write-offs and our
expectations regarding our ability to achieve profitability;    
      16  

Table of Contents  

sufficiency of our cash resources, anticipated capital requirements and capital expenditures, our ability to comply with covenants of our term loan, and our need for additional financing, including potential sales under
our shelf registration statement;        

our expectations regarding marketing expenses, research and development expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses;        

the composition of future revenues; and        

accounting policies and estimates, including revenue recognition policies.       Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. For a more detailed
discussion of such forward looking statements and the potential risks and uncertainties that may impact upon their accuracy, see the  Risk Factors  section and  Overview  section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These forward-looking statements reflect our view only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligations to update any forward-looking statements. You should also carefully consider the
factors set forth in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.      Overview   
 We are a biopharmaceutical company with research and development programs broadly falling into two categories: (i) new chemical entities
derived from our Epigenetic Regulator Program, in which we attempt to discover and develop molecules which have not previously been approved and marketed as therapeutics, and (ii) Drug Delivery Programs, in which we apply our formulation
expertise and technologies largely to active pharmaceutical ingredients whose safety and efficacy have previously been established but which we aim to improve in some manner through a new formulation. We also manufacture and sell osmotic pumps used
in laboratory research and design, develop and manufacture a wide range of standard and custom biodegradable polymers and excipients for pharmaceutical and medical device clients for use as raw materials in their products. In addition, we conduct
research and development of pharmaceutical products in collaboration with third party pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.    A
central aspect of our business strategy involves advancing multiple product candidates at one time, which is enabled by leveraging our resources with those of corporate collaborators. Thus, certain of our programs are currently licensed to corporate
collaborators on terms which typically call for our collaborator to fund all or a substantial portion of future development costs and then pay us milestone payments based on specific development or commercial achievements plus a royalty on product
sales. At the same time, we have retained the rights to other programs, which are the basis of future collaborations and which over time may provide a pathway for us to develop our own commercial, sales and marketing organization.  
 Additional details of these programs and related strategic agreements are contained in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 and in Note 2 above.      Epigenetic Regulator Program and New Chemical Entities    
 DURECT s Epigenetic Regulator Program involves a multi-year collaborative effort with the Department of Internal Medicine at Virginia
Commonwealth University (VCU), the VCU Medical Center and the McGuire VA Medical Center. The discoveries from this program are a result of more than 20 years of lipid research by Shunlin Ren, M.D., Ph.D., Professor of Internal Medicine at the VCU
Medical Center and a recipient of multiple grants from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) for metabolic disease research. Epigenetics is the study of how reversible modifications of a cell s DNA or histones (proteins associated with DNA)
affect gene expression without altering the DNA sequence. Epigenetic modifications play an important role in regulation of key cellular processes. DUR-928 is our program s lead product candidate. We hold the exclusive worldwide right to develop
and commercialize DUR-928 and related molecules discovered in the program.    During the course of this program, a number of compounds have
been identified that may have therapeutic utility for various diseases and syndromes for orphan indications as well as for broader patient populations. The lead compound from this program (DUR-928) is an endogenous, orally bioavailable small
molecule that modulates the activity of various nuclear receptors that play an important regulatory role in lipid homeostasis, inflammation and cell survival.  

NOTE:  
  POSIMIR   , SABER   , CLOUD , TRANSDUR   , ORADUR   , ALZET    and LACTEL    are trademarks of DURECT Corporation. Other trademarks referred to belong to
their respective owners.     
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The biological activity of DUR-928 has been demonstrated in 10 different animal disease models
that we have disclosed involving three animal species. These models represent acute organ injuries and chronic disorders involving kidney, liver, brain and multi-organ injuries. We have conducted multiple additional animal studies to de-risk
and guide the design of future human trials, and to support various patent applications or for future publication.    We are pursuing the
development of DUR-928 through two broad programs for: (i) chronic metabolic diseases using an oral formulation, and (ii) acute organ injury using an injectable formulation. We are also evaluating additional indications beyond these broad
programs.    In pharmacokinetic and toxicity studies conducted in mice, hamsters, rats, dogs and monkeys, DUR-928 has been found to be
orally bioavailable and safe at all doses tested to date. These non-clinical results supported the initiation of DUR-928 into human safety trials with an oral formulation. Pharmacokinetic and toxicity studies with an injectable formulation were also
conducted in rats and dogs; these non-clinical results supported the initiation into human safety trials with an injectable formulation of DUR-928.  
  Chronic Metabolic Disease Program with DUR-928   
 The initial Phase 1 trial of DUR-928 was a single-site, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, single-ascending-dose study that
evaluated the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of DUR-928 when orally administered. The 30-subject study evaluated DUR-928 in five cohorts of healthy volunteers receiving DUR-928 (n=20 on drug, 10 on placebo) at escalating doses that
resulted in peak plasma concentrations greater than 100-fold higher than endogenous levels. DUR-928 was well-tolerated at all dose levels, with no serious treatment-related adverse events reported. We subsequently conducted a Phase 1
multiple-ascending-dose, oral administration trial in 20 healthy subjects (n=16 on drug, 4 on placebo). Following multiple daily dosing for 5 consecutive days, DUR-928 was well-tolerated at all doses, with no clinically significant changes in vital
signs, laboratory values or ECG parameters, no serious drug-related adverse events reported and no subjects withdrawing from the study. Peak plasma concentrations achieved were greater than 100-fold higher than endogenous levels, no accumulation in
plasma concentrations were observed with repeat dosing, and dose related increases in plasma concentrations were observed with peak plasma concentration at approximately 2-6 hours after dosing. We also conducted a food effect study with 8 healthy
volunteers and observed no food effect on absorption.    We are currently conducting a single-ascending-dose Phase 1b clinical trial with
DUR-928 in liver function impaired (nonalcoholic steatohepatitis or NASH) patients in Australia. This open-label Phase 1b trial is a safety and pharmacokinetic (PK) study of DUR-928 in subjects with NASH and matched control subjects (matched by age,
body mass index and gender with normal liver function). This study is being conducted in successive cohorts evaluating single-dose levels of orally administered DUR-928. The first, low dose, cohort consisted of 10 subjects with NASH (of which 4 were
cirrhotic and 6 were not cirrhotic) and 6 matched control subjects. After a PK/safety review at the low dose, the study has proceeded to the higher dose cohort utilizing a dose four times larger than the low dose cohort. Data from the first cohort
showed the PK parameters between the NASH patients and the matched control subjects were comparable. Also, while this study was not designed to assess the efficacy of DUR-928 as a therapy for NASH, it was observed that certain clinical chemistry
biomarkers for liver function and liver injury, were reduced 12 hours after dosing with DUR-928 as compared to before dosing. Furthermore, high sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hsCRP), a marker of inflammation, was reduced after dosing with DUR-928.
IL-18, an important inflammatory mediator implicated in both liver and kidney diseases, decreased in the NASH patients as soon as a few hours after dosing, with the effect more pronounced in cirrhotic subjects at 12 hours after dosing; there was
little or no change of IL-18 levels in matched control subjects. In addition, both full length CK18 (a generalized cell death marker) and cleaved CK18 (a cell apoptosis marker) were reduced after DUR-928 treatment in the NASH patients, with the
effect more pronounced in cirrhotic subjects, and little or no change in matched control subjects. Collectively, the reduction of these biomarkers plus results from our animal and cell culture studies suggest potential therapeutic activity of
DUR-928 for patients with liver disease. However, additional studies are required to evaluate the safety and efficacy of DUR-928, and there is no assurance that in future studies these biomarker effects will be observed in a statistically
significant manner, or that DUR-928 will demonstrate safety or efficacy in treating NASH or other liver diseases in larger controlled trials. We are currently enrolling and dosing patients in the higher dose cohort, which we expect to complete in
2016, and we expect that this single-ascending-dose Phase 1b trial will enable and inform future studies in patients with liver function diseases. We have also requested a pre-IND meeting with the FDA as precursor to submitting an IND which is
required to enable a future liver disease clinical trial in the United States.     Acute Organ Injury Program with DUR-928   
 In addition to the oral administration clinical studies described above, we have conducted a Phase 1 single-site, randomized, double-blinded,
placebo-controlled, single-ascending-dose study that evaluated the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of four doses of DUR-928 when administered by injection. The 24-subject study evaluated DUR-928 in four cohorts of healthy volunteers
receiving DUR-928 (n=16 on drug, 8 on placebo) at escalating doses that resulted in dose proportionality of systemic exposure. DUR-928 was well-tolerated at all dose levels, with no serious treatment-related adverse events reported. We also
conducted a multiple-dose study involving 10 healthy volunteers, in which participants received DUR-928 for 5 consecutive days (n=8 on drug, 2 on placebo) with the next to highest dose in the single dose study. No serious treatment related adverse
events were reported, no subjects withdrew from the study, no accumulation in plasma concentrations were observed with repeat dosing, and the pain scores and injection site reactions were minimal.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  We have started dosing patients for a Phase 1b single-ascending-dose, injectable administration
trial in patients with impaired kidney function (stage 3 and 4 chronic kidney disease) patients and matched control subjects with normal kidney function. We currently anticipate conducting this open-label, safety and pharmacokinetic study in
two successive cohorts evaluating two single-dose levels of injectable DUR-928. After a PK/safety review at the low dose, the study may proceed to a higher dose. Assuming both cohorts are dosed, the study will comprise approximately 16-18
subjects, of which approximately 10-12 will have received DUR-928. This study is being conducted in Australia, and we anticipate that we will obtain results from this trial in 2016. We anticipate that this trial will enable and inform
subsequent patient studies in acute kidney injury and/or other kidney diseases. We recently held a pre-IND meeting with the Cardiovascular and Renal Products Division of the FDA; we anticipate utilizing feedback from that meeting as well as
from our clinical advisors to file an IND which is required to enable a future kidney disease clinical trial in the United States.  
   POSIMIR   
(SABER       -Bupivacaine)      Our post-operative pain relief depot,
POSIMIR, is a sustained release injectable using our SABER delivery system to deliver bupivacaine, an off-patent pharmaceutical agent. SABER is a controlled drug delivery technology that is administered via the parenteral (i.e., injectable) route to
deliver drugs that act systemically or locally. POSIMIR is designed to be administered to a surgical site at the end of surgery for post-operative pain relief and is intended to provide local analgesia for up to 3 days, which we believe coincides
with the time period of the greatest need for post-surgical pain control in most patients. We are in discussions with potential partners regarding licensing development and commercialization rights to POSIMIR, for which we hold worldwide rights. We
are also continuing to evaluate the requirements for commercializing POSIMIR on our own in the U.S., in the event that we determine that to be the preferred route of commercialization.  
 In April 2013, we submitted an NDA as a 505(b)(2) application, which relies in part on the FDA s findings of safety and effectiveness of
a reference drug. In February 2014 we received a Complete Response Letter from the FDA. Based on the Complete Response Letter and subsequent communications with the FDA, we are conducting a new POSIMIR Phase 3 clinical trial (the PERSIST trial)
consisting of patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy (gallbladder removal) surgery to further evaluate the benefits and risks of POSIMIR. We began recruiting patients for this trial in November 2015 comparing POSIMIR to placebo. Based on
advice from the FDA received subsequent to the start of the trial, in April 2016 we decided to amend the PERSIST trial. Starting in August 2016, we began implementing Part 2 of the PERSIST trial to evaluate POSIMIR against standard bupivacaine HCl
rather than placebo as we have been doing in Part 1. Additionally, we are switching in Part 2 the primary efficacy endpoint (pain reduction on movement) from 0-72 hours after surgery to 0-48 hours after surgery. Assessing pain reduction on
movement from 0-72 hours is now the key secondary efficacy endpoint and other efficacy endpoints, including 72-hour opioid use, remain the same. We expect to enroll approximately 264 patients in Part 2 of PERSIST, and we expect this part of the
trial to finish dosing patients in the third quarter of 2017. In a previous clinical trial of 50 patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy, POSIMIR was compared with the active control bupivacaine HCl, against which POSIMIR demonstrated in a
post hoc analysis an approximately 25% reduction in pain intensity on movement for the first 3 days after surgery (p=0.024) and for the first 2 days after surgery (p=0.0198), using the same statistical methodology specified for the current trial.
There can be no assurance that the PERSIST trial will show similar results, or provide sufficient data for FDA approval.      REMOXY    ER and other ORADUR       -based opioid products licensed to Pain Therapeutics    
 In December 2002, we entered into an agreement with Pain Therapeutics, amended in December 2005, under which we granted Pain Therapeutics the
exclusive, worldwide right to develop and commercialize selected long-acting oral opioid products using our ORADUR technology incorporating four specified opioid drugs. The first product being developed under the collaboration is REMOXY ER, a novel
long-acting oral formulation of the opioid oxycodone targeted to decrease the potential for oxycodone abuse. Even where abuse deterrent properties exist, opioid drugs such as oxycodone still expose users to the risks of addiction, abuse and misuse.
REMOXY ER is intended for patients who have pain serious enough to require daily, around-the-clock opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate. In November 2005, Pain Therapeutics and King entered into collaboration
and license agreements for the development and commercialization of REMOXY ER by King. In February 2011, Pfizer acquired King and thereby assumed the rights and obligations of King with respect to REMOXY ER and to the other ORADUR-based
opioids.    Pain Therapeutics submitted an NDA for REMOXY ER to the FDA in June 2008, and in November 2008 the FDA accepted the NDA and
granted priority review. In December 2008, Pain Therapeutics received a Complete Response Letter for its NDA for REMOXY ER in which the FDA determined that the NDA was not approved. According to Pain Therapeutics, the FDA indicated that additional
non-clinical data would be required to support the approval of REMOXY ER, but the FDA had not requested or recommended additional clinical efficacy studies prior to approval. King Pharmaceuticals, which had acquired development and commercialization
rights for REMOXY ER from Pain Therapeutics, and which was subsequently acquired by Pfizer, resubmitted the NDA in December of 2010. On June 23, 2011, a Complete Response Letter from the FDA was received by Pfizer. The FDA s June 2011
Complete Response Letter raised concerns related to, among other matters, the Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls section of the NDA for REMOXY ER. Pfizer undertook efforts to resolve these issues. In October 2013, Pfizer stated that, having
achieved  
      19  

Table of Contents  

technical milestones related to manufacturing, they would continue the development program for REMOXY ER. Following guidance received from the FDA earlier in 2013, Pfizer announced that they were
proceeding with the additional clinical studies and other actions required to address the Complete Response Letter. Pfizer stated that these new clinical studies would include, in part, a pivotal bioequivalence study with the modified REMOXY ER
formulation to bridge to the clinical data related to the original REMOXY ER formulation, and an abuse-potential study with the modified formulation. In October 2014, Pfizer notified Pain Therapeutics that Pfizer had decided to discontinue
development of REMOXY ER, and that Pfizer would return all rights, including responsibility for regulatory activities, to Pain Therapeutics and that Pfizer would continue ongoing activities under the agreement until the scheduled termination date in
April 2015. In April 2015, Pain Therapeutics stated that it had resumed responsibility for REMOXY ER under the terms of a letter agreement with Pfizer. In March 2016, Pain Therapeutics resubmitted the NDA for REMOXY ER to the FDA, and in September
2016, Pain Therapeutics received a Complete Response Letter. Based on its review, the FDA has determined that the NDA cannot be approved in its present form and specifies additional actions and data that are needed for drug approval. Pain
Therapeutics has stated that it is evaluating the comments raised by the FDA and is consulting with outside experts.    Phase I
clinical trials have been conducted for two of the other ORADUR-based opioid product candidates (hydrocodone and hydromorphone), and an Investigational New Drug (IND) application has been accepted by the FDA for the fourth ORADUR-based opioid
(oxymorphone). In October 2013, Pain Therapeutics stated that it had regained all rights from Pfizer with respect to the three other ORADUR-based opioid drug candidates (hydrocodone, hydromorphone and oxymorphone). In 2015, Pain Therapeutics
returned to us all of Pain Therapeutics  rights and obligations under our license agreement to develop and commercialize ORADUR-based formulations of hydrocodone but without impacting the rights and obligations of the two parties with respect
to REMOXY ER (oxycodone), hydromorphone and oxymorphone.      ELADUR    
(TRANSDUR   -Bupivacaine)      Our transdermal bupivacaine patch (ELADUR) uses
our proprietary TRANSDUR transdermal technology and is intended to provide continuous delivery of bupivacaine for up to three days from a single application, as compared to a wearing time limited to 12 hours with currently available lidocaine
patches. In December 2007, we announced positive results from a 60 patient Phase IIa study for post-herpetic neuralgia (PHN or post-shingles pain).  
 Effective in October 2008, we entered into a development and license agreement with Alpharma granting Alpharma the exclusive worldwide rights
to develop and commercialize ELADUR. Alpharma paid us an upfront license fee of $20 million in October 2008. Alpharma was acquired by King in December 2008 and, as a result, the rights and obligations of the agreement were assumed by King. In
February 2011, Pfizer acquired King and thereby assumed the rights and obligations of King with respect to ELADUR.    We reported top
line data from a Phase II clinical trial conducted by King for ELADUR in April 2011. In this study of 263 patients suffering from chronic low back pain, the primary efficacy endpoint of demonstrating a positive treatment difference for the mean
change in pain intensity scores from baseline to the mean of weeks 11 and 12 between ELADUR as compared to placebo was not met.    In
February 2012, Pfizer gave notice that its rights with respect to ELADUR were being returned to us. In January 2014, we and Impax Laboratories, Inc. (Impax) entered into a definitive agreement (the Impax Agreement) pursuant to which we have granted
Impax an exclusive worldwide license to our proprietary TRANSDUR transdermal delivery technology and other intellectual property to develop and commercialize ELADUR, in addition to selling certain assets and rights in and related to the product.
Impax will control and fund the development and commercialization programs, and the parties have established a joint management committee to oversee, review and coordinate the development and commercialization activities of the parties under the
Impax Agreement.      ORADUR-ADHD Program    
 We are developing drug candidates (ORADUR-ADHD) based on DURECT s ORADUR Technology for the treatment of ADHD. These drug candidates are
intended to provide once-a-day dosing, or immediate release dosing, in each case with added tamper-resistant characteristics to address common methods of abuse and misuse of these types of drugs.  
 In August 2009, we entered into a development and license agreement with Orient Pharma Co., Ltd., a diversified multinational pharmaceutical,
healthcare and consumer products company with headquarters in Taiwan, under which we granted to Orient Pharma development and commercialization rights in certain defined Asian and South Pacific countries to ORADUR-Methylphenidate. DURECT retains
rights to North America, Europe, Japan and all other countries not specifically licensed to Orient Pharma. Since 2010, we and Orient Pharma have conducted several Phase I clinical trials in this program with multiple formulations. In 2013, we and
Orient Pharma selected a lead formulation based on its potential for rapid onset of action, long duration for once-a-day dosing and target pharmacokinetic profile as demonstrated in a Phase 1 trial. In addition, this product candidate is expected to
utilize a small capsule size relative to the leading existing long-acting products on the market. Orient Pharma has initiated a Phase 3 study in Taiwan and anticipates completing dosing the trial in 2016. We retain rights to all other territories in
the world and are engaged in licensing discussions with other companies.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

    Relday   (risperidone) Program    
 On July 11, 2011, we and Zogenix, Inc. (Zogenix) entered into a development and license agreement for the purpose of developing and
commercializing Relday, a proprietary, long-acting injectable formulation of risperidone using our SABER-controlled release formulation technology in combination with Zogenix s DosePro   
needle-free, subcutaneous drug delivery system. Risperidone is one of the most widely prescribed medications used to treat the symptoms of schizophrenia and bipolar I disorder in adults and teenagers 13 years of age and older. Under the agreement,
we granted Zogenix worldwide development and commercialization rights to Relday.    On January 3, 2013, Zogenix reported positive
single-dose pharmacokinetic (PK) results from the Phase 1 clinical trial of Relday. According to Zogenix, adverse events in the Phase 1 trial in patients diagnosed with schizophrenia were generally mild to moderate and consistent with other
risperidone products. The Phase 1 clinical trial for Relday was conducted as a single-center, open-label, safety and PK trial of 30 patients with chronic, stable schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. Per Zogenix, based on the favorable safety
and PK profile demonstrated with the 25 mg and 50 mg once-monthly doses tested in the Phase 1 trial, Zogenix extended the study to include a 100 mg dose of the same formulation. In May 2013, Zogenix announced positive results with the 100 mg arm,
demonstrating dose proportionality across the full dose range that would be anticipated to be used in clinical practice. In March 2015, Zogenix commenced a Phase 1b multi-dose parallel clinical trial, enrolling 60 subjects, for which Zogenix
announced positive top line results in September 2015. According to Zogenix, the results for Relday demonstrated that risperidone plasma concentrations in the therapeutic range were achieved on the first day of dosing, reached steady state levels
following the second dose and consistently maintained therapeutic levels throughout the four-month period. Also according to Zogenix, Relday was generally safe and well-tolerated, with results consistent with the profile of risperidone and the
previous Phase 1 single-dose clinical trial. Zogenix further stated that it has initiated efforts to secure a development and commercialization partner for Relday, and that Relday is well-positioned to begin a Phase 3 program once a partner is
secured.      Other Programs    
  Depot Injectable Programs   
 In addition to biologic drugs, many traditional small molecule drugs have to be given by frequent injections, which is costly, inconvenient and
may result in either unwanted side effects or suboptimal efficacy. We have active programs underway to improve our depot injectable systems and to apply those systems to various drugs and drug candidates, and have entered into a number of
feasibility studies with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to test their products in our systems. The Relday program with Zogenix and the ophthalmic program with Santen are two projects which started as depot injectable feasibility projects
and then matured into development and license agreements.     Research and Development Programs in Other Therapeutic Categories
    We have underway a number of research programs covering medical diseases and conditions other than pain. Such programs include various
diseases and disorders of the central nervous system, cardiovascular disease, ophthalmic conditions and metabolic disorders. In conducting our research programs and determining which particular efforts to prioritize for formal development, we employ
a rigorous opportunity assessment process that takes into account the unmet medical need, commercial opportunity, technical feasibility, clinical viability, intellectual property considerations, and the development path including costs to achieve
various critical milestones.      Product Revenues    
 We also currently generate product revenue from the sale of three product lines:  

ALZET    osmotic pumps for animal research use;        

LACTEL    biodegradable polymers which are used by our customers as raw materials in their pharmaceutical and medical products; and    

certain key excipients that are included in REMOXY ER and one excipient that is included in a currently marketed animal health product.    
 Because we consider our core business to be developing and commercializing pharmaceuticals, we do not intend to significantly increase our
investments in or efforts to sell or market any of our existing product lines. However, we expect that we will continue to make efforts to increase our revenue related to collaborative research and development by entering into additional research
and development agreements with third-party collaborators to develop product candidates based on our drug delivery technologies.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

    Operating Results    
 Since our inception in 1998, we have had a history of operating losses. At September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of
$431.3 million. Our net loss was $25.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Our net losses were $22.7 million and $22.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. These losses have resulted
primarily from costs incurred to research and develop our product candidates and to a lesser extent, from selling, general and administrative costs associated with our operations and product sales. We expect our research and development expenses to
increase in the near future compared to the third quarter of 2016. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses in the near future to be comparable to the third quarter of 2016. We do not anticipate meaningful revenues from our
pharmaceutical product candidates, should they be approved, for at least the next twelve months. Therefore, we expect to incur continuing losses and negative cash flow from operations for the foreseeable future.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
The most significant estimates and assumptions relate to revenue recognition, the recoverability of our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, accrued liabilities, contract research liabilities, inventories and
stock-based compensation. Actual amounts could differ significantly from these estimates. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the disclosures in our annual report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015.      Results of Operations    
  Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  Collaborative research and development and other revenue   
 We recognize revenues from collaborative research and development activities and service contracts. Collaborative research and development
revenue primarily represents reimbursement of qualified expenses related to collaborative agreements with various third parties to research, develop and commercialize potential products using our drug delivery technologies, and revenue recognized
from ratable recognition of upfront fees and milestone payments in connection with our collaborative agreements.    We expect our
collaborative research and development revenue in the next few quarters to remain comparable to the third quarter of 2016 unless we are able to establish new collaborations or if we experience an unanticipated increase in activities undertaken by us
under existing collaborations. The collaborative research and development and other revenues associated with our major collaborators are as follows (in thousands):      

Product revenue    
 A portion of our revenues is derived from product sales, which include our ALZET mini pump product line, our LACTEL biodegradable polymer
product line and certain excipients that are included in REMOXY ER and in a currently marketed animal health product. Net product revenues were $3.4 million and $9.4 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared to $2.7 million and $8.4 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. The increases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily attributable to higher revenue from the sale of certain excipients included in
REMOXY ER and another product as well as higher revenue from our LACTEL product line and ALZET mini pump product line as a result of higher average selling prices for these two product lines compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

    Cost of product revenues    
 Cost of product revenues were $2.2 million and $4.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to $884,000 and $2.9 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. The increases in the cost of product revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily the result of charges of $926,000 associated with the write
down of certain excipients included in REMOXY ER in light of the Complete Response Letter received by Pain Therapeutics for REMOXY ER in September 2016. In addition, we experienced higher cost of goods sold from the sale of certain excipients in the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as well as higher cost of goods sold from our LACTEL product line and ALZET mini pump product line arising from higher manufacturing costs for these two product lines compared to the corresponding
periods in 2015. Cost of product revenues and gross profit margin will fluctuate from period to period depending upon the product mix in a particular period and unit volumes sold. Stock-based compensation expense recognized related to cost of
product revenues was $27,000 and $80,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $25,000 and $81,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had 20 manufacturing employees compared with 21 as of September 30, 2015. We expect the number of
employees involved in manufacturing will increase slightly in the near future to meet demand for our LACTEL product line.      Research
and development    .           Research and development expenses are primarily comprised of salaries, benefits,
stock-based compensation and other compensation cost associated with research and development personnel, overhead and facility costs, preclinical and non-clinical development costs, clinical trial and related clinical manufacturing costs, contract
services, and other outside costs. Research and development expenses were $6.8 million and $21.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $6.7 million and $17.7 million for
the corresponding periods in 2015. The increase in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to higher research and development costs associated with DUR-928, partially offset by lower research and development costs
associated with Relday, POSIMIR, REMOXY ER, depot injectable programs, and the Santen ophthalmic program, compared to the corresponding period in 2015, as more fully discussed below. The increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
primarily attributable to higher research and development costs associated with DUR-928, POSIMIR, REMOXY ER and other research programs, partially offset by lower research and development costs associated with Relday, depot injectable programs, the
Santen ophthalmic program, other ORADUR-based opioid products licensed to Pain Therapeutics, ELADUR and ORADUR-ADHD compared to the corresponding period in 2015 as more fully discussed below. Stock-based compensation expense recognized related to
research and development personnel was $362,000 and $1.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $359,000 and $1.0 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. As of September 30, 2016,
we had 52 research and development employees compared with 56 as of September 30, 2015. We expect research and development expenses to increase in the near future compared to recent quarters as we increase development activities for POSIMIR and
DUR-928.    Research and development expenses associated with our major development programs approximate the following (in thousands):  

(1) 
 See Note 2 Strategic Agreements in the condensed financial statements for more details about our agreements with Pfizer, Pain Therapeutics, Zogenix and Santen.    
      23  

Table of Contents  

   DUR-928   
 Our research and development expenses for DUR-928 were $3.9 million and $10.0 million in the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, compared to $2.0 million and $6.2 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. The increases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to increased development activities, including higher
employee-related costs, clinical trial expenses, non-clinical related expenses, contract manufacturing and contract research expenses incurred for this drug candidate compared with the corresponding periods in 2015.  
  POSIMIR     Our research and
development expenses for POSIMIR were $2.2 million and $8.0 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $2.4 million and $4.8 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower employee-related costs as well as lower chemical and drug supplies expenses, partially offset by higher clinical trial expenses and contract manufacturing expenses for POSIMIR compared
with the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to higher employee-related costs, clinical trial expenses and contract manufacturing expenses, partially offset by lower chemical
and drug supplies expenses for POSIMIR compared with the corresponding period in 2015.     Depot Injectable Programs   
 Our research and development expenses for depot injectable programs were $299,000 and $1.1 million in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $343,000 and $1.3 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. The decreases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to lower employee-related costs and lower
costs related to research supplies for these programs compared with the corresponding periods in 2015.     REMOXY ER   
 Our research and development expenses for REMOXY ER were $179,000 and $479,000 in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, compared to $311,000 and $463,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower employee-related costs for REMOXY ER compared with the corresponding
period in 2015. The increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to higher employee-related costs for REMOXY ER compared with the corresponding period in 2015.  
  Santen ophthalmic program   
 Our research and development expenses for the Santen ophthalmic program were $62,000 and $321,000 in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $80,000 and $536,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015. The decreases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to decreased formulation development
activities and lower employee-related costs associated with this drug candidate compared with the corresponding periods in 2015.  
  Relday     Our research and
development expenses for Relday were $13,000 and $452,000 in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $1.3 million and $3.4 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. The decreases in the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to decreased development activities and lower employee-related costs incurred for this drug candidate compared with the corresponding periods in 2015.  
  ORADUR-ADHD     Our research
and development expenses for ORADUR-ADHD were $13,000 and $155,000 in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $24,000 and $180,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015. The decreases in the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to lower employee-related costs for these drug candidates compared with the corresponding periods in 2015.  
  ELADUR   
         Our research and development expenses for ELADUR were $6,000 and $34,000 in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $6,000 and $66,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015. Our research and development expenses for ELADUR were comparable in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The
decrease in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower employee-related costs associated with this product candidate compared with the corresponding period in 2015.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

   Other ORADUR-based opioid products licensed to Pain Therapeutics   
 Our research and development expenses for other ORADUR-based opioid products licensed to Pain Therapeutics were $1,000 and $40,000 in the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $4,000 and $106,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015. The decreases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to lower employee-related
costs as well as lower outside expenses associated with these product candidates compared with the corresponding periods in 2015.  
  Other DURECT research programs   
 Our research and development expenses for all other programs were $184,000 and $642,000 in the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, compared to $182,000 and $610,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015, respectively. The increases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to higher employee-related costs incurred for
these programs compared with the corresponding periods in 2015.    We expect our research and development expenses to increase in the coming
quarters, primarily driven by clinical trial expenses for POSIMIR and DUR-928. The duration of development of our research and development programs may span as many as ten years or more, and estimation of completion dates or costs to complete
are speculative and subjective due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products, including significant and changing government regulation, the uncertainties of future preclinical and clinical study
results, the uncertainties with our collaborators  commitment and progress to the programs and the uncertainties associated with process development and manufacturing as well as sales and marketing. In addition, with respect to our development
programs subject to third-party collaborations, the timing and expenditures to complete the programs are subject to the control of our collaborators. Therefore, we cannot reasonably estimate the timing and estimated costs of the efforts necessary to
complete the research and development programs. For additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties, see  Risk Factors  below.  
   Selling, general and administrative.   Selling, general and administrative expenses are primarily comprised of salaries, benefits,
stock-based compensation and other compensation cost associated with finance, legal, business development, sales and marketing and other administrative personnel, overhead and facility costs, and other general and administrative costs. Selling,
general and administrative expenses were $3.0 million and $9.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $3.2 million and $8.7 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in
selling, general and administrative expenses in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower patent expenses and stock-based compensation expenses compared to the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in selling,
general and administrative expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to higher employee related expenses and market research expenses compared to the corresponding period in 2015. Stock-based compensation expense
recognized related to selling, general and administrative personnel was $227,000 and $871,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $308,000 and $843,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had 24 selling, general and administrative employees compared with 26 as of September 30, 2015. We
expect selling, general and administrative expenses in the near future to be comparable to the third quarter of 2016.      Other income
(expense).   Interest and other income was $45,000 and $112,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $43,000 and $194,000 for the corresponding periods in 2015. The increase in interest and
other income in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily the result of higher yields generated on cash and investments in the third quarter of 2016 compared with the same period in 2015. The decrease in interest and other income
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily the result of a realized gain of $117,000 from the sale of a marketable equity security in the first quarter of 2015.  
 Interest and other expense was $592,000 and $1.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to $558,000 and $1.7 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. The interest and other expense was primarily related to interest payment and amortization of debt discount related to a long-term debt arrangement entered into in June 2014, which
was amended in July 2015 and refinanced in July 2016.      Liquidity and Capital Resources    
         We had cash, cash equivalents and investments totaling $29.0 million at September 30, 2016 compared
to $29.3 million at December 31, 2015. These balances include $250,000 of interest-bearing marketable securities classified as restricted investments on our balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
The decrease in cash, cash equivalents and investments during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily the result of the ongoing operating expenses and interest payments, partially offset by $20.6 million of cash received from the
sale of our common stock and from exercises of stock options and purchases under our employee stock purchase plan, and payments received from collaboration partners and customers.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  We used $19.9 million of cash in operating activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to $14.8 million for the corresponding period in 2015. The cash used for operations was primarily to fund operations as well as our working capital requirements and reflected an increase in net loss of
$8.8 million, partially offset by the changes in accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, and accrued and other liabilities.  
 We received $2.2 million of cash from investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $5.2 million provided
by investing activities for the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease in cash received in investing activities was primarily due to a decrease in net proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale securities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in 2015. We anticipate incurring capital expenditures of approximately $125,000 in 2016 to purchase research and development and other capital equipment. The amount and timing of these
capital expenditures will depend on, among other things, the timing of clinical trials for our products and our collaborative research and development activities.  
 We received $19.5 million of cash from financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $12.4 million for
the corresponding period in 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we raised net proceeds (net of commission) of approximately $4.2 million from the sale of approximately 2.6 million shares of common stock at a
weighted average price of $1.63 per share in the open market through our Controlled Equity Offering sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald, entered into in November 2015. We also completed an underwritten public offering in which we sold an
aggregate of 13.8 million shares of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement at a price to the public of $1.25. We received net proceeds of approximately $16.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions and offering expenses from this public offering.    We anticipate that cash used in operating activities will increase in the
near future compared to the third quarter ended September 30, 2016.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there have
been no significant changes in our commercial commitments and contractual obligations as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund our planned operations, contractual
commitments, planned capital expenditures and service our debt through at least the next 12 months. We may consume available resources more rapidly than currently anticipated, resulting in the need for additional funding. Additionally, we do not
expect to generate meaningful revenues from our pharmaceutical product candidates currently under development for at least the next twelve months, if at all. Depending on whether we enter into additional collaborative agreements in the near term, we
may be required to raise additional capital through a variety of sources, including:      

the public equity markets;        

private equity financings;        

collaborative arrangements; and/or        

public or private debt.      There can be no assurance that we will enter into additional
collaborative agreements in the near term or additional capital will be available on favorable terms, if at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to significantly reduce or refocus our operations or to obtain funds through
arrangements that may require us to relinquish rights to certain of our products, technologies or potential markets, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that
additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such securities would result in ownership dilution to our existing stockholders.  
 Our cash and investments policy emphasizes liquidity and preservation of principal over other portfolio considerations. We select
investments that maximize interest income to the extent possible given these two constraints. We satisfy liquidity requirements by investing excess cash in securities with different maturities to match projected cash needs and limit concentration of
credit risk by diversifying our investments among a variety of high credit-quality issuers.      Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
     As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC Regulation S-K
Item 303(a)(4)(ii).      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk       During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, there have been no significant changes in market risks as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures : The
Company s principal executive and financial officers reviewed and evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q. Based on that
evaluation, the Company s principal executive and financial officers concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective at ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that the
Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     Changes in
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting : There were no significant changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) during the Company s most recently completed fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

     PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       We are not a party to any material legal proceedings.  

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors.       In addition to the other information in this Form 10-Q, a number of
factors may affect our business and prospects. These factors include but are not limited to the following, which you should consider carefully in evaluating our business and prospects.  
  Risks Related To Our Business      New
chemical entities derived from our Epigenetic Regulator Program, which is in the early stages of development, may require more time and resources for development, testing and regulatory approval than our Drug Delivery Program product candidates, and
may not result in viable commercial products     Our Epigenetic Regulator Program is in the early stages of development, involves a novel
therapeutic approach and new chemical entities, requires significant further research and development and regulatory approvals and is subject to the risks of failure inherent in the development of products based on innovative approaches. New
chemical entities derived from our Epigenetic Regulator Program are molecules that have not previously been approved and marketed as therapeutics, unlike product candidates in our Drug Delivery Programs, in which we apply our formulation expertise
and technologies largely to active pharmaceutical ingredients whose safety and efficacy have previously been established but which we aim to improve in some manner through a new formulation. As a result, the product candidates from our Epigenetic
Regulator Program may face greater risk of unanticipated safety issues or other side-effects, or may not demonstrate efficacy. Further, the regulatory pathway for our new chemical entities may be more demanding than that for product candidates under
our Drug Delivery Programs, for which we may be able to leverage existing data under Section 505(b)(2) of the Act to reduce development risk, time and cost. For example, we have yet to define the therapeutic dose or dosing regimen for DUR-928,
the first drug candidate in our Epigenetic Regulator Program.    Also, because our Epigenetic Regulator Program is in early stages, we have
not defined with precision those indications we wish to pursue initially, each of which may have unique challenges. If the first indications pursued do not show positive results, the credibility of any product candidate from this program may be
tarnished, even if the molecule might be effective for other indications. Our decisions regarding which indications to pursue may cause us to fail to capitalize on indications that could have given rise to viable commercial products and profitable
market opportunities.     Early indications of activity from Phase 1 clinical trials of DUR-928 may not predict the results of later
trials     While Phase 1 clinical trials of DUR-928 have shown some biomarker indications of activity in patients with NASH, these trials
are designed to assess the safety of DUR-928, and are not designed to evaluate its efficacy. Additional controlled Phase 2 and Phase 3 trials will be required to evaluate the safety and efficacy of DUR-928 to treat any indication, including NASH.
There can be no assurance that these studies will demonstrate the safety or efficacy of DUR-928 in a statistically significant manner.  
  Prior clinical trial efficacy results for POSIMIR may not be confirmed   
 While some clinical trials of our product candidates have shown indications of safety and efficacy, there can be no assurance that these
results will be confirmed in subsequent clinical trials or provide a sufficient basis for regulatory approval. In addition, side effects observed in clinical trials, or other side effects that appear in later clinical trials, may adversely affect
our or our collaborators  ability to obtain regulatory approval or market our product candidates. For example, the reduction in pain intensity on movement of POSIMIR compared to bupivacaine HCl in previous trials may not be repeated in the
ongoing POSIMIR trial. In addition, in the Phase 2b hysterectomy trial and the BESST Phase 3 abdominal surgery trial of POSIMIR, transient local discolorations were observed near the surgical site. Side effects such as these, toxicity or other
safety issues associated with the use of our drug candidates could require us to perform additional studies or halt development of our drug candidates. There can be no assurance that the additional clinical trial we are conducting for POSIMIR will
be sufficient to obtain FDA approval, and any additional trials would entail added expense and further delay or may preclude product approval, harming our business, prospects and financial condition.  
  Regulatory approval of POSIMIR has been delayed and may be denied, which could harm our business   
 In February 2014, we received a Complete Response Letter to our NDA for POSIMIR from the FDA. Based on the Complete Response Letter and
subsequent communications with the FDA, we are conducting a new POSIMIR Phase 3 clinical trial consisting of patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy (gallbladder removal) surgery to further evaluate the benefits and risks of POSIMIR. We
began recruiting patients for this trial in November 2015 comparing POSIMIR to placebo. After the start of this trial, we received additional correspondence from the FDA regarding the clinical trial design. In April 2016 we decided to amend the
PERSIST trial including by incorporating standard bupivacaine HCl as an active control, and starting in August 2016, we began implementing changes to the PERSIST trial to evaluate POSIMIR against bupivacaine HCl rather than placebo, and to modify
the endpoints of the trial. These changes will add to the time and cost to complete the PERSIST trial, and there can be no assurance that  
      28  

Table of Contents  

this clinical trial will be completed in a timely manner or generate data necessary to support a successful NDA resubmission. There can also be no assurance that the changes to the protocol we
have implemented will satisfy all of the FDA s concerns, including regarding the dosing of the bupivacaine HCl comparator, or that the results of this trial will be sufficient to support FDA approval.  
  The FDA may require more information or clinical studies for all of our product candidates   
 The failure to adequately demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of a pharmaceutical product candidate under development to the satisfaction
of FDA and other regulatory agencies has, with respect to POSIMIR and could, with respect to other product candidates, delay or prevent regulatory clearance of the potential product candidate, resulting in delays to the commercialization of our
product candidate, and could materially harm our business. Clinical trials may not demonstrate the sufficient levels of safety and efficacy necessary to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals for our product candidates, or may require such
significant numbers of patients or additional costs to make it impractical to satisfy the FDA s requirements, and thus our product candidates may not be approved for marketing. During the review process, the FDA may request more information
regarding the safety of our product candidates, as they have in their Complete Response Letter for POSIMIR, and answering such questions could require significant additional work and expense, and take a significant amount of time, resulting in a
material delay of approval or the failure to obtain approval. During the review process, the FDA may also request more information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing or controls related to our product candidates, as they have in their Complete
Response Letter for REMOXY ER, and answering such questions could require significant additional work and expense, and take a significant amount of time, resulting in a material delay of approval or the failure to obtain approval.  
  We do not control development of REMOXY ER   
 We have relied on Pain Therapeutics, King Pharmaceuticals, and Pfizer and its subsidiaries to devote time and resources to the development,
manufacturing and commercialization of REMOXY ER. In October 2014, Pfizer notified Pain Therapeutics that Pfizer had decided to discontinue development of REMOXY ER and that Pfizer would return all rights, including responsibility for regulatory
activities, to Pain Therapeutics. There can be no assurance that Pain Therapeutics will continue development of REMOXY ER, or if Pain Therapeutics continues development of REMOXY ER, there can be no assurance that a NDA for REMOXY ER will ever
be approved by the FDA. Any further delay or discontinuation in the development of REMOXY ER will significantly harm our prospects and would be likely to have a negative effect on the price of our common stock.  
  Development of our pharmaceutical product candidates is not complete, and we cannot be certain that our product candidates will be able to
be commercialized     To be profitable, we or our third-party collaborators must successfully research, develop, obtain regulatory
approval for, manufacture, introduce, market and distribute our pharmaceutical product candidates under development. For each product candidate that we or our third-party collaborators intend to commercialize, we must successfully meet a number of
critical developmental milestones for each disease or medical condition targeted, including:      

with respect to each new chemical entity, determining appropriate indications;        

with respect to our Drug Delivery Program product candidates, selecting and developing a drug delivery technology to deliver the proper dose of drug over the desired period of time;    

determining the appropriate route of administration and drug dosage for use in the pharmaceutical product candidate;        

developing drug compound formulations that will be tolerated, safe and effective and that will be compatible with the active pharmaceutical agent;    

demonstrating the drug formulation will be stable for commercially reasonable time periods;        

demonstrating through clinical trials that the drug formulation is safe and effective in patients for the intended indication at an achievable dose;    

demonstrating abuse deterrent properties to the satisfaction of the FDA for certain products for which abuse-deterrence is considered an important feature by the FDA, and    

completing the manufacturing development and scale-up to permit manufacture of the pharmaceutical product candidate in commercial quantities and at acceptable cost.    
         The time frame necessary to achieve these developmental milestones for any individual product is long and
uncertain, and we may not successfully complete these milestones for any of our products in development. We have not yet completed development of any of our product candidates, including DUR-928, ORADUR-ADHD and other ORADUR-based opioid products,
Relday, or ELADUR. We may not be able to finalize the design or formulation of any of these product candidates. Further, although we believe our design and formulation of REMOXY ER and POSIMIR to be substantially complete, there can be no assurance
that additional developments will not be required prior to any regulatory approval of these products. In addition, we may select components, solvents, excipients or other ingredients to include in our product candidates that have not been previously
approved for use in pharmaceutical products, which may require us or our collaborators to perform additional studies and may delay clinical testing and regulatory approval of our product candidates. Even after we complete the design of a product
candidate, the product candidate must still complete required clinical trials and additional safety testing in animals before  
      29  

Table of Contents  

approval for commercialization. We are continuing testing and development of our product candidates and may explore possible design or formulation changes to address issues of safety,
manufacturing efficiency and performance. We or our collaborators may not be able to complete development of any product candidates that will be safe and effective and that will have a commercially reasonable treatment and storage period. If we or
our third-party collaborators are unable to complete development of DUR-928, ORADUR-ADHD and other ORADUR-based opioid products, Relday, or ELADUR, or other product candidates, we will not be able to earn revenue from them, which would materially
harm our business.     We or our third-party collaborators must show the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in animal studies and
human clinical trials to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities before they can be sold; failure to obtain approvals for POSIMIR, REMOXY ER, DUR-928 or our other product candidates would significantly harm our business, prospects and financial
condition     Before we or our third-party collaborators can obtain government approval to sell any of our pharmaceutical product
candidates, we or they, as applicable, must demonstrate through laboratory performance studies and safety testing, nonclinical (animal) studies and clinical (human) trials that each system is safe and effective for human use for each targeted
indication. The clinical development status of our major development programs is as follows:      

DUR-928 In 2015, we completed initial Phase 1 human safety trials of DUR-928 when orally administered and when administered through injection to a total of over 75 healthy volunteers. These trials evaluated the
safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of DUR-928 when administered with a single dose and then with multiple doses. The high doses in these studies resulted in plasma levels greater than 100-fold higher than endogenous levels of DUR-928, and
DUR-928 was observed to be well tolerated at all doses, with no severe or serious drug-related adverse events reported. In these studies, there was no accumulation in plasma concentrations observed with repeated dosing, and there were dose related
increases in plasma concentrations. In 2016, we initiated a single-ascending-dose Phase 1b clinical trial with DUR-928 in patients with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and we expect to obtain full results from this study in 2016. One patient in
the higher dose cohort of this study experienced a serious adverse event which successfully resolved but was considered possibly treatment related by the physician due to its temporal association with dosing. We also are conducting a Phase 1b
single-ascending-dose, injectable administration trial in renal function impaired patients, with data expected to be available from the study in 2016. There can be no assurance that biological activity demonstrated in previous animal disease models
will also be seen in human trials, or that any clinically relevant biological activity will be seen in humans. There can also be no assurance that current and future planned trials will be completed on the timetable anticipated, that further human
trials will not identify safety issues, or that we will be able to successfully develop DUR-928 to obtain marketing approval by the FDA or other regulatory agencies.    

POSIMIR In April 2013, we submitted a new drug application as a 505(b)(2) application, which relies in part on the FDA s findings of safety and effectiveness of a reference drug. In February 2014, we received
a Complete Response Letter from the FDA. Based on the Complete Response Letter and subsequent communications with the FDA, we are conducting a new POSIMIR Phase 3 clinical trial consisting of patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy
(gallbladder removal) surgery to further evaluate the benefits and risks of POSIMIR. We began recruiting patients for this trial in November 2015 comparing POSIMIR to placebo. Based on advice from the FDA received subsequent to the start of the
trial, in April 2016, we decided to amend the PERSIST trial including by incorporating standard bupivacaine HCl as an active control. Starting in August 2016, we began implementing Part 2 of the PERSIST trial to evaluate POSIMIR against
standard bupivacaine HCl rather than placebo as we have been doing in Part 1. Additionally, we are switching in Part 2 the primary efficacy endpoint (pain reduction on movement) from 0-72 hours after surgery to 0-48 hours after surgery.
Assessing pain reduction on movement from 0-72 hours is now the key secondary efficacy endpoint and other efficacy endpoints, including 72-hour opioid use, remain the same. We expect to enroll approximately 264 patients in Part 2 of PERSIST,
and we expect this part of the trial to finish dosing patients in the third quarter of 2017. This amendment to the trial will add to the time and cost to complete PERSIST, and could add to the risk of the trial. There can be no assurance that the
trial will enroll on the timetable we anticipate, that we will be able to adequately or timely address all of FDA s concerns and suggestions regarding POSIMIR, that the FDA will grant regulatory approval of POSIMIR, that adverse effects will
not arise from additional testing or use of POSIMIR, or that the data we have generated or may generate will be deemed sufficient by FDA or other regulatory agencies to support regulatory approval of POSIMIR.    

REMOXY ER In December 2010, King (now Pfizer) resubmitted the NDA in response to a Complete Response Letter received in December 2008 by Pain Therapeutics. On June 23, 2011, a Complete Response Letter from the
FDA was received by Pfizer on the resubmission to the NDA for REMOXY ER. The issues raised in the Complete Response Letter related primarily to manufacturing. In October 2013, Pfizer stated that, having achieved technical milestones related to
manufacturing, it would continue developing REMOXY ER. Pfizer had also announced that it was proceeding with additional clinical studies in support of resubmission of the NDA. In October 2014, Pfizer notified Pain Therapeutics that Pfizer had
decided to discontinue development of REMOXY ER, and that Pfizer would return all rights, including responsibility for regulatory activities, to Pain Therapeutics and that Pfizer would continue ongoing activities under the agreement until the
scheduled termination date in April 2015. In April 2015, Pain Therapeutics stated that it had resumed responsibility for REMOXY ER under the terms of a letter agreement with Pfizer. In July 2015, Pain Therapeutics stated that it had substantially
completed the transition of REMOXY ER from Pfizer. In March 2016, Pain Therapeutics announced that it had resubmitted the NDA to the FDA, and in April 2016, Pain Therapeutics announced that the FDA had determined that the NDA was sufficiently
complete to permit a substantive review. Pain Therapeutics further stated that September 25, 2016 wais the target action date under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA). In September 2016, Pain Therapeutics received a Complete Response
Letter from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for REMOXY ER. Based on its review, the FDA has determined that the NDA cannot be approved in its present form and specifies additional actions and data that are needed for drug approval. There can
be no assurance that Pain Therapeutics will successfully obtain marketing approval by the FDA on a timely basis or at all, or that Pain Therapeutics will obtain a new commercialization partner.    
      30  

Table of Contents  

ORADUR-ADHD Since 2010, we and Orient Pharma conducted several Phase 1 studies to evaluate multiple formulations of ORADUR-Methylphenidate. We and Orient Pharma have selected a lead formulation based on its
potential for rapid onset of action, long duration for once-a-day dosing and target pharmacokinetic profile as demonstrated in the latest Phase 1 trial. In addition, this product candidate will utilize a small capsule size relative to the leading
existing long-acting products on the market. Orient Pharma, our licensee in defined Asian and South Pacific countries, has initiated a Phase 3 trial in Taiwan and anticipates completing dosing the trial in 2016. We retain rights to all other
territories in the world and are engaged in licensing discussions with other companies. There can be no assurance that Orient Pharma will complete the Phase 3 trial on the anticipated timetable or that we will be able to successfully develop
ORADUR-Methylphenidate to obtain marketing approval by the Taiwan FDA or the U.S. FDA or other regulatory agencies, nor is there any assurance that we will be able to find a collaborator with respect to the development and commercialization of this
drug candidate for the territories not currently licensed to Orient Pharma.        

Relday In January 2013, Zogenix announced positive single-dose pharmacokinetic (PK) results from a Phase 1 clinical trial of Relday. Per Zogenix, based on the favorable safety and PK profile demonstrated with the
25 mg and 50 mg once-monthly doses tested in the Phase 1 trial, Zogenix extended the study to include a 100 mg dose of the same formulation. In May 2013, Zogenix announced positive results with the 100 mg arm, demonstrating dose proportionality
across the full dose range that would be anticipated to be used in clinical practice. According to Zogenix, the positive results from this study extension positioned Zogenix to begin a multi-dose clinical trial, which would provide the required
steady-state pharmacokinetic and safety data prior to initiating Phase 3 development studies. In September 2015, Zogenix announced positive top line results from this multi-dose clinical trial. According to Zogenix, the results for Relday
demonstrated that risperidone plasma concentrations in the therapeutic range were achieved on the first day of dosing, reached steady state levels following the second dose and consistently maintained therapeutic levels throughout the four-month
period. Also according to Zogenix, Relday was generally safe and well-tolerated, with results consistent with the profile of risperidone and the previous Phase 1 single-dose clinical trial. Zogenix further stated that it has now initiated efforts to
secure a development and commercialization partner for Relday, and that Relday is well-positioned to begin a Phase 3 program once a partner is secured. There can be no assurance that Zogenix will secure a development and commercialization partner
for Relday or that Relday will begin the Phase 3 program or that if such a program is begun it will generate data sufficient to support a successful NDA.        

ELADUR A Phase 2a clinical trial in post-herpetic neuralgia (PHN or post-shingles pain) was completed and positive efficacy trends were reported in the fourth quarter of 2007. King, which assumed worldwide
development and commercialization rights for ELADUR through its acquisition of Alpharma, conducted a Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate ELADUR for the treatment of chronic low back pain and reported in April 2011 that the primary efficacy endpoint
for the trial was not met. In February 2012, Pfizer, which assumed worldwide development and commercialization rights to ELADUR through its acquisition of King, notified us that they were returning their worldwide development and commercialization
rights to ELADUR. In January 2014, we and Impax entered into an agreement, pursuant to which we have granted Impax an exclusive worldwide license to our proprietary TRANSDUR transdermal delivery technology and other intellectual property to develop
and commercialize ELADUR. There can be no assurance that Impax will continue to develop ELADUR or will be able to successfully develop ELADUR to obtain marketing approval by the FDA or other regulatory agencies.    

ORADUR-based opioids In addition to REMOXY ER, Phase 1 clinical trials have been conducted for two other ORADUR-based product candidates (hydrocodone and hydromorphone), and an IND has been accepted by the FDA for
another ORADUR-based opioid (oxymorphone). In October 2013, Pain Therapeutics stated that it had regained all rights from Pfizer with respect to the three ORADUR-based opioid drug candidates (hydrocodone, hydromorphone and oxymorphone). In May 2015,
Pain Therapeutics returned to us all of Pain Therapeutics  rights and obligations under our license agreement to develop and commercialize ORADUR-based formulations of hydrocodone but without impacting the rights and obligations of the two
parties with respect to REMOXY ER (oxycodone), hydromorphone or oxymorphone. There can be no assurance that we or our collaborator will be able to successfully develop ORADUR-based formulations of oxycodone, hydromorphone or oxymorphone to obtain
marketing approval by the FDA or other regulatory agencies.      We are currently in the clinical, preclinical or research
stages with respect to all of our product candidates under development. We plan to continue extensive and costly tests, clinical trials and safety studies in animals to assess the safety and effectiveness of our product candidates. These studies
include laboratory performance studies and safety testing, clinical trials and animal toxicological studies necessary to support regulatory approval of development products in the United States and other countries of the world. These studies are
costly, complex and last for long durations, and may not yield data supportive of the safety or efficacy of our drug candidates or required for regulatory approval.  
  Many of our drug candidates under development, including REMOXY ER and our other ORADUR-based opioids are subject to mandatory Risk
Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) programs, which could delay the approval of these drug candidates, reduce demand for them, and increase the cost, burden and liability associated with their commercialization   
    On February 6, 2009, the FDA sent letters to manufacturers of
certain opioid drug products, indicating that these drugs will be required to have a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) to ensure that the benefits of the drugs continue to outweigh the risks. The affected opioid drugs include brand name
and generic products and are formulated with the active ingredients fentanyl, hydromorphone, methadone, morphine, oxycodone, and oxymorphone.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  On April 19, 2011, the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) released the Obama
Administration s Epidemic: Responding to America s Prescription Drug Abuse Crisis a comprehensive action plan to address the national prescription drug abuse epidemic. This plan includes action in four major areas to reduce
prescription drug abuse: education, monitoring, proper disposal, and enforcement. In support of the action plan, the FDA announced the elements of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) that will require all manufacturers of long-acting
and extended-release opioids to ensure that training is provided to prescribers of these medications and to develop information that prescribers can use when counseling patients about the risks and benefits of opioid use. The FDA wants drug makers
to work together to develop a single system for implementing the REMS strategies.    On July 9, 2012 the FDA approved a REMS for
extended-release (ER) and long-acting (LA) opioids. The REMS is part of a federal initiative to address the prescription drug abuse, misuse, and overdose epidemic. The REMS introduces new safety measures designed to reduce risks and improve the safe
use of ER/LA opioids, while ensuring access to needed medications for patients in pain. The new ER/LA opioid REMS will affect more than 20 companies that manufacture these opioid analgesics. Under the new REMS, companies will be required to make
education programs available to prescribers based on an FDA Blueprint. It is expected that companies will meet this obligation by providing educational grants to continuing education (CE) providers, who will develop and deliver the training. The
REMS also will require companies to make available FDA-approved patient education materials on the safe use of these drugs. The companies will be required to perform periodic assessments of the implementation of the REMS and the success of the
program in meeting its goals. The FDA will review these assessments and may require additional elements to achieve the goals of the program.  
 On September 10, 2013, the FDA announced safety labeling changes and post-market study requirements for extended-release and long-acting
opioid analgesics (ER/LA opioids). The updated class-wide labeling changes state that ER/LA opioids are indicated for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative
treatment options are inadequate. The updated indication further clarifies that, because of the risks of addiction, abuse, and misuse, even at recommended doses, and because of the greater risks of overdose and death, these drugs should be reserved
for use in patients for whom alternative treatment options (e.g., non-opioid analgesics or immediate-release opioids) are ineffective, not tolerated, or would be otherwise inadequate to provide sufficient management of pain; ER/LA opioid analgesics
are not indicated for as-needed pain relief. Recognizing that more information is needed to assess the serious risks associated with long-term use of ER/LA opioids, the FDA is requiring the drug companies that make these products to conduct further
post-market studies and clinical trials. These changes may result in a decrease in prescriptions for this class of drugs and will increase the costs borne by manufacturers of ER/LA opioids.  
 More recently, in February 2016, the FDA announced a comprehensive action plan to take concrete steps towards reducing the impact of opioid
abuse on American families and communities. As part of this plan, the agency will review product and labelling decisions and re-examine the risk-benefit paradigm for opioids.  
 Many of our drug candidates including REMOXY ER and other ORADUR-based opioid drug candidates are subject to the REMS requirement. The
FDA s REMS requirements have been evolving, and until the contours of required REMS programs are established by the FDA and understood by drug developers and marketers such as ourselves and our collaborators, and until the results of the
FDA s recently announced initiatives are known, there may be delays in marketing approvals for these drug candidates. In addition, there may be increased cost, administrative burden and potential liability associated with the marketing and sale
of these types of drug candidates subject to the REMS requirement, as well as decreased demand resulting from new labeling requirements, which could negatively impact the commercial benefits to us and our collaborators from the sale of these drug
candidates.     We depend to a large extent on third-party collaborators, and we have limited or no control over the development, sales,
distribution and disclosure for our pharmaceutical product candidates which are the subject of third-party collaborative or license agreements   
 Our performance depends to a large extent on the ability of our third-party collaborators to successfully develop and obtain approvals for our
pharmaceutical product candidates. We have entered into agreements with Pain Therapeutics, Zogenix, Impax, Santen, Orient Pharma and others under which we granted such third parties the right to develop, apply for regulatory approval for, market,
promote or distribute REMOXY ER and certain other ORADUR-based products, Relday, ELADUR and other product candidates, subject to payments to us in the form of product royalties and other payments. We have limited or no control over the expertise or
resources that any collaborator may devote to the development, clinical trial strategy, regulatory approval, marketing or sale of these product candidates, or the timing of their activities. Any of our present or future collaborators may not perform
their obligations as expected. These collaborators may breach or terminate their agreement with us or otherwise fail to conduct their collaborative activities successfully and in a timely manner. Enforcing any of these agreements in the event of a
breach by the other party could require the expenditure of significant resources and consume a significant amount of management time and attention. Our collaborators may also conduct their activities in a manner that is different from the manner we
would have chosen, had we been developing such product candidates ourselves. Further, our collaborators may elect not to develop or commercialize product candidates arising out of our collaborative arrangements or not devote sufficient resources to
the development, clinical trials, regulatory approval, manufacture, marketing or sale of these product candidates. If any of these events occur, we may not recognize  
      32  

Table of Contents  

revenue from the commercialization of our product candidates based on such collaborations. In addition, these third parties may have similar or competitive products to the ones which are the
subject of their collaborations with us, or relationships with our competitors, which may reduce their interest in developing or selling our product candidates. We may not be able to control public disclosures made by some of our third-party
collaborators, which could negatively impact our stock price.     Cancellation of collaborations regarding our product candidates may
adversely affect potential economic benefits     Third-party collaboration agreements typically allow the third party to terminate the
agreement (or a specific program within an agreement) by providing notice. For example, in January 2012, we were notified that Nycomed was terminating the Development and License Agreement between Nycomed and us relating to the development and
commercialization of POSIMIR in Europe and their other licensed territories. In February 2012, we were notified that Pfizer was terminating the worldwide Development and License Agreement between Alpharma (acquired by King which subsequently was
acquired by Pfizer) and us relating to the development and commercialization of ELADUR. In March 2012, we were notified that Hospira was terminating the Development and License Agreement between Hospira and us relating to the development and
commercialization of POSIMIR in the United States and Canada. In October 2014, we were notified that Pfizer had decided to discontinue development of REMOXY ER, and that Pfizer would return all rights, including responsibility for regulatory
activities, to Pain Therapeutics. If there have been payments under such agreements that are being recognized over time, termination of such agreements (or programs) can lead to a near-term increase in our reported revenues resulting from the
immediate recognition of the balance of such payments. Termination deprives us of potential future economic benefits under such agreements, and may make it more difficult to enter into agreements with other third parties for use of the assets that
were subject to the terminated agreement. Termination of our agreements with Pain Therapeutics, Zogenix, Impax, Santen or Orient Pharma could have similar effects.  
  Our revenues depend on collaboration agreements with other companies. If we are unable to enter into new agreements or meet our obligations
or manage our relationships with our collaborators under these agreements our revenues may decrease. Acquisitions of our collaborators can be disruptive   
 Our revenues are based to a significant extent on collaborative arrangements with third parties, pursuant to which we receive payments based on
our performance of research and development activities set forth in these agreements. We have seen recent declines in revenues associated with our existing collaboration agreements, which reflect the current development stage of the product
candidates subject to those agreements, and our collaborator s decreased needs for our services. We do not expect our collaboration revenues to increase unless we enter into new collaboration agreements, and there can be no assurance that we
will do so. Even if we enter into new collaboration agreements, we may not be able to fulfill our obligations or attain milestones set forth in any specific agreement, which could cause our revenues to fluctuate or be less than anticipated and may
expose us to liability for contractual breach. In addition, these agreements may require us to devote significant time and resources to communicating with and managing our relationships with such collaborators and resolving possible issues of
contractual interpretation which may detract from time our management would otherwise devote to managing our operations. Such agreements are generally complex and contain provisions that could give rise to legal disputes, including potential
disputes concerning ownership of intellectual property under collaborations. Such disputes can delay or prevent the development of potential new product candidates, or can lead to lengthy, expensive litigation or arbitration. In general, our
collaboration agreements, including our agreements with Pain Therapeutics with respect to REMOXY ER and certain other ORADUR-based opioids, Orient Pharma with respect to ORADUR-Methylphenidate, Zogenix with respect to Relday, Impax with respect to
ELADUR, and Santen with respect to an ophthalmic product may be terminated by the other party at will or upon specified conditions including, for example, if we fail to satisfy specified performance milestones or if we breach the terms of the
agreement. Such transactions can lead to turnover of program staff, a review of development programs and strategies by the acquirer, and other events that can disrupt a program, resulting in program delays or discontinuations.  
 If we do not enter into new collaboration agreements, and if any of our collaborative agreements are terminated or delayed, our anticipated
revenues may be reduced or not materialize, and our products in development related to those agreements may not be commercialized.     Our
cash flows are likely to differ from our reported revenues     Our revenues will likely differ from our cash flows from revenue-generating
activities. Upfront payments received upon execution of collaborative agreements are recorded as deferred revenue and generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the period of our continuing involvement with the third-party collaborator
pursuant to the applicable agreement. The period of continuing involvement may also be revised on a prospective basis. As of September 30, 2016, we had $3.0 million of deferred revenue which will be recognized in future periods and may cause
our reported revenues to be greater than cash flows from our ongoing revenue-generating activities.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Our revenues also depend on milestone payments based on achievements by our third-party
collaborators. Failure of such collaborators to attain such milestones would result in our not receiving additional revenues     In
addition to payments based on our performance of research and development activities, our revenues also depend on the attainment of milestones set forth in our collaboration agreements. Such milestones are typically related to development activities
or sales accomplishments. While our involvement is necessary to the achievement of development-based milestones, the performance of our third-party collaborators is also required to achieve those milestones. Under our third-party collaborative
agreements, our third party collaborators will take the lead in commercialization activities and we are typically not involved in the achievement of sales-based milestones. Therefore, we are even more dependent upon the performance of our
third-party collaborators in achieving sales-based milestones. To the extent we and our third-party collaborators do not achieve such development-based milestones or our third-party collaborators do not achieve sales-based milestones, we will not
receive the associated revenues, which could harm our financial condition and may cause us to defer or cut-back development activities or forego the exploitation of opportunities in certain geographic territories, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business.     Our business strategy includes the entry into additional collaborative agreements. We may not be able
to enter into additional collaborative agreements or may not be able to negotiate commercially acceptable terms for these agreements   
 Our current business strategy includes the entry into additional collaborative agreements for the development and commercialization of our
pharmaceutical product candidates. The negotiation and consummation of these types of agreements typically involve simultaneous discussions with multiple potential collaborators and require significant time and resources from our officers, business
development, legal, and research and development staff. In addition, in attracting the attention of pharmaceutical and biotechnology company collaborators, we compete with numerous other third parties with product opportunities as well the
collaborators  own internal product opportunities. We may not be able to consummate additional collaborative agreements, or we may not be able to negotiate commercially acceptable terms for these agreements. If we do not consummate additional
collaborative agreements, we may have to consume money more rapidly on our product development efforts, defer development activities or forego the exploitation of certain geographic territories, any of which could have a material adverse effect on
our business.     We will require and may have difficulty raising needed capital in the future   
 Our business currently does not generate sufficient revenues to meet our capital requirements and we do not expect that it will do so in the
near future. We have expended and will continue to expend substantial funds to complete the research, development and clinical testing of our pharmaceutical product candidates. We will require additional funds for these purposes, to establish
additional clinical- and commercial-scale manufacturing arrangements and facilities, and to provide for the marketing and distribution of our product candidates. Additional funds may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If adequate funds
are unavailable from operations or additional sources of financing, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs which would materially harm our business, financial condition and results
of operations.    We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and investments, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for at least the
next 12 months. However, our actual capital requirements will depend on many factors, including:      

regulatory actions with respect to our product candidates;        

continued progress and cost of our research and development programs;        

the continuation of our collaborative agreements that provide financial funding for our activities;        

success in entering into collaboration agreements and meeting milestones under such agreements;        

progress with preclinical studies and clinical trials;        

the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory clearance;        

costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims;        

costs of developing sales, marketing and distribution channels and our ability and that of our collaborators to sell our pharmaceutical product candidates;    

costs involved in establishing manufacturing capabilities for clinical and commercial quantities of our product candidates;        

competing technological and market developments;        

market acceptance of our product candidates;        

costs for recruiting and retaining employees and consultants; and        

unexpected legal, accounting and other costs and liabilities related to our business.      We may
consume available resources more rapidly than currently anticipated, resulting in the need for additional funding. We may seek to raise any necessary additional funds through equity or debt financings, convertible debt financings, collaborative
arrangements with corporate collaborators or other sources, which may be dilutive to existing stockholders and may cause the price of our common stock to decline. In addition, in the event that additional funds are obtained through arrangements with
collaborators or  
      34  

Table of Contents  

other sources, we may have to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or pharmaceutical product candidates that we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize ourselves. If adequate
funds are not available, we may be required to significantly reduce or refocus our product development efforts, resulting in delays in generating future product revenue.  
  We and our third-party collaborators may not be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of our pharmaceutical product candidates and
components to support the clinical and commercial requirements of our collaborators and ourselves at an acceptable cost or in compliance with applicable government regulations, and we have limited manufacturing experience   
 We or our third-party collaborators to whom we have assigned such responsibility must manufacture our pharmaceutical product candidates and
components in clinical and commercial quantities, either directly or through third parties, in compliance with regulatory requirements and at an acceptable cost. The manufacturing processes associated with our product candidates are complex. We and
our third-party collaborators, where relevant, have not yet completed development of the manufacturing process for any product candidates or components, including POSIMIR, REMOXY ER and our other ORADUR-based drug candidates, ELADUR, Relday and
DUR-928. If we and our third-party collaborators, where relevant, fail to timely complete the development of the manufacturing process for our product candidates, we and our third-party collaborators, where relevant, will not be able to timely
produce product for clinical trials and commercialization of our product candidates. We have also committed to manufacture and supply product candidates or components under a number of our collaborative agreements with third-party companies. We have
limited experience manufacturing pharmaceutical products, and we may not be able to timely accomplish these tasks. If we and our third-party collaborators, where relevant, fail to develop manufacturing processes to permit us to manufacture a product
candidate or component at an acceptable cost, then we and our third-party collaborators may not be able to commercialize that product candidate or we may be in breach of our supply obligations to our third-party collaborators.  
 Our manufacturing facility in Cupertino is a multi-disciplinary site that we have used to manufacture only research and clinical supplies of
several of our pharmaceutical product candidates, including POSIMIR, REMOXY ER and our other ORADUR-based drug candidates, Relday and ELADUR. If we experience delays or technical difficulties in scaling up the manufacturing of our product
candidates, it could result in delays or added cost in our development programs. We have not manufactured commercial quantities of any of our product candidates. In the future, we intend to develop additional manufacturing capabilities for our
product candidates and components to meet our demands and those of our third-party collaborators by contracting with third-party manufacturers and by potentially constructing additional manufacturing space at our facilities in California and
Alabama. We have limited experience building and validating manufacturing facilities, and we may not be able to accomplish these tasks in a timely or cost effective manner.  
 If we and our third-party collaborators, where relevant, are unable to manufacture our pharmaceutical product candidates or components in a
timely manner or at an acceptable cost, quality or performance level, and are unable to attain and maintain compliance with applicable regulations, the clinical trials and the commercial sale of our product candidates and those of our third-party
collaborators could be delayed. Additionally, we may need to alter our facility design or manufacturing processes, install additional equipment or do additional construction or testing in order to meet regulatory requirements, optimize the
production process, increase efficiencies or production capacity or for other reasons, which may result in additional cost to us or delay production of product needed for the clinical trials and commercial launch of our product candidates and those
of our third-party collaborators.    We had entered into a supply agreement with Hospira Worldwide, Inc. for clinical and commercial
supplies of POSIMIR. This third party was our sole source for drug product required for development and commercialization of this drug candidate. Our agreement with Hospira terminated at the end of 2015 and we have entered into a manufacturing
development agreement with a different contract manufacturing organization for future supply of POSIMIR. There may be technical risks associated with establishing an alternative commercial manufacturer that could entail delays in supply, quality
issues or delays in the possible regulatory approval of POSIMIR. Furthermore, we and our contract manufacturer may also need or choose to subcontract with additional third-party contractors to perform manufacturing steps of POSIMIR or supply
required components for POSIMIR. Where third party contractors perform manufacturing services for us, we will be subject to the schedule, expertise and performance of third parties as well as incur significant additional costs. Failure of third
parties to perform their obligations could adversely affect our operations, development timeline and financial results. We expect to put in place in the future second source supply arrangements, which may be costly and time consuming.  
 We have entered into contract manufacturing agreements with multiple vendors for DUR-928. There can be no assurance that we will receive
sufficient quantities of DUR-928 to commence and conduct the clinical trials we are planning, and delays in supply could delay development of DUR-928.  
 If we or our third-party collaborators cannot manufacture our pharmaceutical product candidates or components in time to meet the clinical or
commercial requirements of our collaborators or ourselves or at an acceptable cost, our operating results will be harmed.     
  Failure to comply with ongoing governmental regulations for our pharmaceutical product candidates could materially harm our business in the
future     Marketing or promoting a drug is subject to very strict controls. Furthermore, clearance or approval may entail ongoing
requirements for post-marketing studies. The manufacture and marketing of drugs are subject to continuing FDA and foreign regulatory review and requirements that we update our regulatory filings. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a
product, manufacturer or facility, or our failure to update regulatory files, may result in restrictions, including withdrawal of the  
      35  

Table of Contents  

product from the market. Any of the following or other similar events, if they were to occur, could delay or preclude us from further developing, marketing or realizing full commercial use of our
product candidates, which in turn would materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations:      

failure to obtain or maintain requisite governmental approvals;        

failure to obtain approvals for clinically intended uses of our pharmaceutical product candidates under development; or        

FDA required product withdrawals or warnings arising from identification of serious and unanticipated adverse side effects in our product candidates.    
 Manufacturers of drugs must comply with the applicable FDA good manufacturing practice regulations, which include production design controls,
testing, quality control and quality assurance requirements as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Compliance with current good manufacturing practices regulations is difficult and costly. Manufacturing facilities are
subject to ongoing periodic inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies, including unannounced inspections, and must be licensed before they can be used for the commercial manufacture of our development products. We and/or our present or
future suppliers and distributors may be unable to comply with the applicable good manufacturing practice regulations and other FDA regulatory requirements. We have not been subject to a good manufacturing regulation inspection by the FDA relating
to our product candidates. If we, our third-party collaborators or our respective suppliers do not achieve compliance for our product candidates we or they manufacture, the FDA may refuse or withdraw marketing clearance or require product recall,
which may cause interruptions or delays in the manufacture and sale of our product candidates.     We have a history of operating losses,
expect to continue to have losses in the future and may never achieve or maintain profitability     We have incurred significant operating
losses since our inception in 1998 and, as of September 30, 2016, had an accumulated deficit of approximately $431.3 million. We expect to continue to incur significant operating losses over the next several years as we continue to incur
significant costs for research and development, clinical trials, manufacturing, sales, and general and administrative functions. Our ability to achieve profitability depends upon our ability, alone or with others, to successfully complete the
development of our proposed product candidates, obtain the required regulatory clearances, and manufacture and market our proposed product candidates. Development of pharmaceutical product candidates is costly and requires significant investment. In
addition, we may choose to license from third parties either additional drug delivery platform technology or rights to particular drugs or other appropriate technology for use in our product candidates. The license fees for these technologies or
rights would increase the costs of our product candidates.    To date, we have not generated significant revenue from the commercial sale of
our pharmaceutical product candidates and do not expect to do so in the near future. Our current revenues are from the sale of the ALZET product line, the sale of LACTEL biodegradable polymers and certain excipient sales, and from payments under
collaborative research and development agreements with third parties. We do not expect our product revenues to increase significantly in the near future, and we do not expect that collaborative research and development revenues will exceed our
actual operating expenses. We do not anticipate meaningful revenues to derive from the commercialization and marketing of our product candidates in development in the near future, and therefore do not expect to generate sufficient revenues to cover
expenses or achieve profitability in the near future.     We may develop our own sales force and commercial group to market future
products but we have limited sales and marketing experience with respect to pharmaceuticals and may not be able to do so effectively   
 We have a small sales and marketing group focused on our ALZET and LACTEL product lines. We may choose to develop our own sales force and
commercial group to market products that we may develop in the future, or to market POSIMIR if we do not enter into an agreement with a third party to commercialize POSIMIR. Developing a sales force and commercial group will require substantial
expenditures and the hiring of qualified personnel. We have limited sales and marketing experience, and may not be able to effectively recruit, train or retain sales personnel. If we are not able to put in place an appropriate sales force and
commercial group for POSIMIR, we may not be able to effectively launch the product. We may not be able to effectively sell our product candidates, if approved, and our failure to do so could limit or materially harm our business.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

   We and our third-party collaborators may not sell our product candidates effectively   
 We and our third-party collaborators compete with many other companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing and sales
operations. Our marketing and sales efforts and those of our third-party collaborators may be unable to compete successfully against these other companies. We and our third-party collaborators, if relevant, may be unable to establish a sufficient
sales and marketing organization on a timely basis, if at all. We and our third-party collaborators, if relevant, may be unable to engage qualified distributors. Even if engaged, these distributors may:  

fail to satisfy financial or contractual obligations to us;        

fail to adequately market our product candidates;        

cease operations with little or no notice to us;        

offer, design, manufacture or promote competing product lines;        

fail to maintain adequate inventory and thereby restrict use of our product candidates; or        

build up inventory in excess of demand thereby limiting future purchases of our product candidates resulting in significant quarter-to-quarter variability in our sales.    
 The failure of us or our third-party collaborators to effectively develop, gain regulatory approval for, sell, manufacture and market our
product candidates will hurt our business, prospects and financial results.     We rely heavily on third parties to support development,
clinical testing and manufacturing of our product candidates     We rely on third-party contract research organizations, consultants,
service providers and suppliers to provide critical services to support development, clinical testing, and manufacturing of our product candidates. For example, we currently depend on third-party vendors to manage and monitor our clinical trials and
to perform critical manufacturing steps for our product candidates. These third parties may not execute their responsibilities and tasks competently in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or in a timely fashion. We rely on third-parties
to manufacture or perform manufacturing steps relating to our product candidates or components. We anticipate that we will continue to rely on these and other third-party contractors to support development, clinical testing, and manufacturing of our
product candidates. Failure of these contractors to provide the required services in a competent or timely manner or on reasonable commercial terms could materially delay the development and approval of our development products, increase our
expenses and materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.     Key components of our product candidates are
provided by limited numbers of suppliers, and supply shortages or loss of these suppliers could result in interruptions in supply or increased costs   
 Certain components and drug substances used in our product candidates (including POSIMIR, REMOXY ER, our other ORADUR-based drug candidates,
Relday and ELADUR, are currently purchased from a single or a limited number of outside sources. In particular, Eastman Chemical is the sole supplier, pursuant to a supply agreement entered into in December 2005, of our requirements of sucrose
acetate isobutyrate, a necessary component of POSIMIR, REMOXY ER, our other ORADUR-based drug candidates, Relday, ELADUR and certain other pharmaceutical product candidates we have under development, and Hospira was our sole supplier for clinical
and commercial supplies of POSIMIR. The reliance on a sole or limited number of suppliers could result in:      

delays associated with redesigning a pharmaceutical product candidate due to a failure to obtain a single source component;        

an inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components; and        

reduced control over pricing, quality and delivery time.      We have supply agreements in place
for certain components of our pharmaceutical product candidates, but do not have in place long term supply agreements with respect to all of the components of any of our product candidates. Therefore the supply of a particular component could be
terminated at any time without penalty to the supplier. In addition, we may not be able to procure required components or drugs from third-party suppliers at a quantity, quality and cost acceptable to us. Any interruption in the supply of single
source components could cause us to seek alternative sources of supply or manufacture these components internally. Furthermore, in some cases, we are relying on our third-party collaborators to procure supply of necessary components. If the supply
of any components for our product candidates is interrupted, components from alternative suppliers may not be available in sufficient volumes or at acceptable quality levels within required timeframes, if at all, to meet our needs or those of our
third-party collaborators. This could delay our ability to complete clinical trials and obtain approval for commercialization and marketing of our product candidates, causing us to lose sales, incur additional costs, delay new product introductions
and could harm our reputation.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

   If we are unable to adequately protect, maintain or enforce our intellectual property rights
or secure rights to third-party patents, we may lose valuable assets, experience reduced market share or incur costly litigation to protect our rights or our third-party collaborators may choose to terminate their agreements with us   
 Our ability to commercially exploit our products will depend significantly on our ability to obtain and maintain patents, maintain trade
secret protection and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others.    As of October 25, 2016, we held over 55 unexpired
issued U.S. patents and over 315 unexpired issued foreign patents (which include granted European patent rights that have been validated in various EU member states). In addition, we have over 40 pending U.S. patent applications and over 100
foreign applications pending in Europe, Australia, Japan, Canada and other countries.    The patent status of our most advanced drug
candidates, POSIMIR and REMOXY ER, are as follows:    In the U.S., POSIMIR is covered by two patent families. One patent family includes
granted patents expiring in at least 2025. Another patent family includes a pending patent application, which if granted, could result in a patent expiring in 2026, plus any eligible patent term adjustments and extensions. In Europe, POSIMIR is
covered by four granted patents with two expiring in each of 2025 and 2026, respectively, plus any eligible patent term extensions.    In
the U.S., REMOXY ER is covered by five patent families. Two patent families include granted patents expiring in at least 2025 and 2031, respectively. The patent family providing protection until at least 2025 includes ten granted patents. The other
three patent families include pending patent applications, which if granted, could result in patents expiring in 2026, 2034, and 2034, respectively, plus any eligible patent term adjustments and extensions. We currently have pending U.S.
applications for each of these five patent families. There can be no assurance that the pending patent applications will be granted. In Europe, REMOXY ER is covered by four granted patents with two expiring in each of 2023 and 2026, respectively,
plus any eligible patent term extensions.    Our Epigenetic Regulator Program includes six in-licensed patent families. Two patent
families each include at least one granted patent expiring in at least 2026 and 2032, respectively. The other patent families include pending patent applications, which if granted, could result in patents expiring in 2033, 2034, 2035, and 2035,
respectively, plus any eligible patent term adjustments and extensions. Of the six patent families covering DUR-928 and/or other molecules in the Epigenetic Regulator Program, two were only filed in the U.S., and the other four have been filed
or likely will be filed both in the U.S. and internationally. Since DUR-928 is an endogenous small molecule, patent claims directed to DUR-928 composition of matter may be more difficult to maintain or enforce in the U.S. under  Myriad
Genetics  and other recent court decisions. One of the U.S. patents issued before  Myriad Genetics , and two of the DUR-928 U.S. patents issued after  Myriad Genetics . The granted claims in the U.S. include both composition
of matter and method of treatment claims. There can be no assurance that the pending patent applications will be granted. Further, there can be no assurance that VCU will not attempt to terminate their license to us, which termination
would result in the loss of our rights to these patent families.    The patent positions of pharmaceutical companies, including ours, are
uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued. Consequently, our patent applications or those that are licensed to us may
not issue into patents, and any issued patents may not provide protection against competitive technologies or may be held invalid if challenged. Our competitors may also independently develop products similar to ours or design around or otherwise
circumvent patents issued to us or licensed by us. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as U.S. law.  
 The patent laws of the U.S. have recently undergone changes through court decisions which may have significant impact on us and our industry.
Decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court and other courts with respect to the standards of patentability, enforceability, availability of injunctive relief and damages may make it more difficult for us to procure, maintain and enforce patents. In
addition, the America Invents Act was signed into law in September 2011, which among other changes to the U.S. patent laws, changes patent priority from  first to invent  to  first to file,  implements a post-grant opposition
system for patents and provides a prior user defense to infringement. These judicial and legislative changes have introduced significant uncertainty in the patent law landscape and may potentially negatively impact our ability to procure, maintain
and enforce patents to provide exclusivity for our products.    We also rely upon trade secrets, technical know-how and continuing
technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We require our employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to execute appropriate confidentiality and assignment-of-inventions agreements with us. These agreements
typically provide that all materials and confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in
specific circumstances, and that all inventions arising out of the individual s relationship with us will be our exclusive property. These agreements may be breached, and in some instances, we may not have an appropriate remedy available for
breach of the agreements. Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques, reverse engineer our information and techniques, or otherwise gain access to our proprietary
technology.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  We may be unable to meaningfully protect our rights in trade secrets, technical know-how and
other non-patented technology. We may have to resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights, or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability. In addition, interference, derivation, post-grant oppositions, and similar
proceedings may be necessary to determine rights to inventions in our patents and patent applications. Enforcing or defending our proprietary rights is expensive, could cause diversion of our resources and may be unsuccessful. Any failure to enforce
or protect our rights could cause us to lose the ability to exclude others from using our technology to develop or sell competing products.  
  Our collaboration agreements may depend on our intellectual property   
 We are party to collaborative agreements with Pain Therapeutics, Zogenix, Orient Pharma, Impax and Santen among others. Our third-party
collaborators have entered into these agreements based on the exclusivity that our intellectual property rights confer on the products being developed. The loss or diminution of our intellectual property rights could result in a decision by our
third-party collaborators to terminate their agreements with us. In addition, these agreements are generally complex and contain provisions that could give rise to legal disputes, including potential disputes concerning ownership of intellectual
property and data under collaborations. Such disputes can lead to lengthy, expensive litigation or arbitration requiring us to devote management time and resources to such dispute which we would otherwise spend on our business. To the extent that
our agreements call for future royalties to be paid conditional on our having patents covering the royalty-bearing subject matter, the decision by the Supreme Court in the case of  MedImmune v. Genentech  could encourage our licensees to
challenge the validity of our patents and thereby seek to avoid future royalty obligations without losing the benefit of their license. Should they be successful in such a challenge, our ability to collect future royalties could be substantially
diminished.     We may be sued by third parties claiming that our product candidates infringe on their intellectual property rights,
particularly because there is substantial uncertainty about the validity and breadth of medical patents     We or our collaborators may be
exposed to future litigation by third parties based on claims that our product candidates or activities infringe the intellectual property rights of others or that we or our collaborators have misappropriated the trade secrets of others. This risk
is exacerbated by the fact that the validity and breadth of claims covered in medical technology patents and the breadth and scope of trade secret protection involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles are
unresolved. Any litigation or claims against us or our collaborators, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, could place a significant strain on our financial resources and could harm our reputation. We also may not have sufficient
funds to litigate against parties with substantially greater resources. In addition, pursuant to our collaborative agreements, we have provided our collaborators with the right, under specified circumstances, to defend against any claims of
infringement of the third party intellectual property rights, and such collaborators may not defend against such claims adequately or in the manner that we would do ourselves. Intellectual property litigation or claims could force us or our
collaborators to do one or more of the following, any of which could harm our business or financial results:      

cease selling, incorporating or using any of our pharmaceutical product candidates that incorporate the challenged intellectual property, which would adversely affect our revenue;    

obtain a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may be costly or may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all; or    

redesign our product candidates, which would be costly and time-consuming.       Technologies
and businesses which we acquire or license may be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value or divert management attention   
 We may acquire technologies, products or businesses to broaden the scope of our existing and planned product lines and technologies. Future
acquisitions expose us to:      

increased costs associated with the acquisition and operation of the new businesses or technologies and the management of geographically dispersed operations;    

the risks associated with the assimilation of new technologies, operations, sites and personnel;        

the diversion of resources from our existing business and technologies;        

the inability to generate revenues to offset associated acquisition costs;        

the requirement to maintain uniform standards, controls, and procedures; and        

the impairment of relationships with employees and customers or third party collaborators as a result of any integration of new management personnel.    
 Acquisitions may also result in the issuance of dilutive equity securities, the incurrence or assumption of debt or additional expenses
associated with the amortization of acquired intangible assets or potential businesses. Acquisitions may not generate any additional revenue or provide any benefit to our business.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

   Some of our pharmaceutical product candidates contain controlled substances, the making, use,
sale, importation and distribution of which are subject to regulation by state, federal and foreign law enforcement and other regulatory agencies   
 Some of our product candidates currently under development contain, and our products in the future may contain, controlled substances which are
subject to state, federal and foreign laws and regulations regarding their manufacture, use, sale, importation and distribution. REMOXY ER and our other ORADUR-based drug candidates, and certain other product candidates we have under development
contain active ingredients which are classified as controlled substances under the regulations of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency. For our product candidates containing controlled substances, we and our suppliers, manufacturers, contractors,
customers and distributors are required to obtain and maintain applicable registrations from state, federal and foreign law enforcement and regulatory agencies and comply with state, federal and foreign laws and regulations regarding the
manufacture, use, sale, importation and distribution of controlled substances. These regulations are extensive and include regulations governing manufacturing, labeling, packaging, testing, dispensing, production and procurement quotas, record
keeping, reporting, handling, shipment and disposal. These regulations increase the personnel needs and the expense associated with development and commercialization of drug candidates including controlled substances. Failure to obtain and maintain
required registrations or comply with any applicable regulations could delay or preclude us from developing and commercializing our product candidates containing controlled substances and subject us to enforcement action. In addition, because of
their restrictive nature, these regulations could limit our commercialization of our product candidates containing controlled substances. In particular, among other things, there is a risk that these regulations may interfere with the supply of the
drugs used in our clinical trials, and in the future, our ability to produce and distribute our products in the volume needed to meet commercial demand.  
  Write-offs related to the impairment of long-lived assets, inventories and other non-cash charges, as well as stock-based compensation
expenses may adversely impact or delay our profitability     We may incur significant non-cash charges related to impairment write-downs
of our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. We will continue to incur non-cash charges related to amortization of other intangible assets. We are required to perform periodic impairment reviews of our goodwill at least
annually. The carrying value of goodwill on our balance sheet was $6.4 million at September 30, 2016. To the extent these reviews conclude that the expected future cash flows generated from our business activities are not sufficient to recover
the cost of our long-lived assets, we will be required to measure and record an impairment charge to write-down these assets to their realizable values. We completed our last review during the fourth quarter of 2015 and determined that goodwill was
not impaired as of December 31, 2015. However, there can be no assurance that upon completion of subsequent reviews a material impairment charge will not be recorded. If future periodic reviews determine that our assets are impaired and a
write-down is required, it will adversely impact or delay our profitability.    Inventories, in part, include certain excipients that are
sold to customers and included in products in development. These inventories are capitalized based on management s judgment of probable sale prior to their expiration date which in turn is primarily based on management s internal
estimates. The valuation of inventory requires us to estimate the value of inventory that may become expired prior to use. We may be required to expense previously capitalized inventory costs upon a change in our judgment, due to, among other
potential factors, a denial or delay of approval of a product by the necessary regulatory bodies, changes in product development timelines, or other information that suggests that the inventory will not be saleable. In addition, these circumstances
may cause us to record a liability related to minimum purchase agreements that we have in place for raw materials. For example, we recorded charges to cost of goods sold of approximately $1.6 million, of which approximately $1.1 million related to
the write-down of the cost basis of inventory and approximately $500,000 related to the accrual of a liability for the minimum purchase commitment for excipients in the year ended December 31, 2014 as a result of a change in the forecasted
demand for the excipients after Pfizer announced that it had decided to discontinue the development and commercialization of REMOXY ER and return its rights to Pain Therapeutics. In addition, we recorded charges to cost of goods sold of
approximately $926,000, of which approximately $426,000 related to the write-down of the cost basis of inventory and approximately $500,000 related to the prepaid inventory for the minimum purchase commitment for excipients in the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of a change in the forecasted demand for the excipients after Pain Therapeutics received a Complete Response Letter from the FDA on its resubmission of the NDA for REMOXY ER.  
  Global credit and financial market conditions could negatively impact the value of our current portfolio of cash equivalents, short-term
investments or long-term investments and our ability to meet our financing objectives     Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in
highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. Our short-term investments consist primarily of readily marketable debt securities with original maturities of greater than 90 days from the date of
purchase but remaining maturities of less than one year from the balance sheet date. Our long-term investments consist primarily of readily marketable debt securities with maturities in one year or beyond from the balance sheet date. While, as of
the date of this filing, we are not aware of any downgrades, material losses, or other significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents, short-term investments or long-term investments since September 30, 2016, no assurance
can be given that deterioration in conditions of the global credit and financial markets would not negatively impact our current portfolio of cash equivalents, short-term investments or long-term investments or our ability to meet our financing
objectives.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

   We depend upon key personnel who may terminate their employment with us at any time, and we
may need to hire additional qualified personnel     Our success will depend to a significant degree upon the continued services of key
management, technical and scientific personnel. In addition, our success will depend on our ability to attract and retain other highly skilled personnel, particularly as we develop and expand our Epigenetic Regulator Program. Competition for
qualified personnel is intense, and the process of hiring and integrating such qualified personnel is often lengthy. We may be unable to recruit such personnel on a timely basis, if at all. Our management and other employees may voluntarily
terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of the services of key personnel, or the inability to attract and retain additional qualified personnel, could result in delays to product development or approval, loss of sales and diversion
of management resources.     We may not successfully manage our company through varying business cycles   
 Our success will depend on properly sizing our company through growth and contraction cycles caused in part by changing business conditions,
which places a significant strain on our management and on our administrative, operational and financial resources. To manage through such cycles, we must expand or contract our facilities, our operational, financial and management systems and our
personnel. If we were unable to manage growth and contractions effectively our business would be harmed.     Our business involves
environmental risks and risks related to handling regulated substances     In connection with our research and development activities and
our manufacture of materials and pharmaceutical product candidates, we are subject to federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and policies governing the use, generation, manufacture, storage, air emission, effluent discharge, handling and
disposal of certain materials, biological specimens and wastes. Although we believe that we have complied with the applicable laws, regulations and policies in all material respects and have not been required to correct any material noncompliance,
we may be required to incur significant costs to comply with environmental and health and safety regulations in the future. Our research and development involves the use, generation and disposal of hazardous materials, including but not limited to
certain hazardous chemicals, solvents, agents and biohazardous materials. The extent of our use, generation and disposal of such substances has increased substantially since we started manufacturing and selling biodegradable polymers. Although we
believe that our safety procedures for storing, handling and disposing of such materials comply with the standards prescribed by state and federal regulations, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these
materials. We currently contract with third parties to dispose of these substances generated by us, and we rely on these third parties to properly dispose of these substances in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. If these third parties
do not properly dispose of these substances in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to legal action by governmental agencies or private parties for improper disposal of these substances. The costs of defending such
actions and the potential liability resulting from such actions are often very large. In the event we are subject to such legal action or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations governing the use, generation and disposal of
hazardous materials and chemicals, we could be held liable for any damages that result, and any such liability could exceed our resources.  
  Our corporate headquarters, manufacturing facilities and personnel are located in a geographical area that is seismically active   
 Our corporate headquarters, primary manufacturing facilities and personnel are located in a geographical area that is known to be seismically
active and prone to earthquakes. Should such a natural disaster occur, our ability to conduct our business could be severely restricted, and our business and assets, including the results of our research, development and manufacturing efforts, could
be destroyed.     We currently have significant debt. Compliance with repayment obligations and other covenants may be difficult, and
failure by us to fulfill our obligations under the applicable loan agreements may cause the repayment obligations to accelerate.     In
July 2016, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the  2016 Loan Agreement ) with Oxford Finance LLC ( Oxford Finance ), pursuant to which Oxford Finance provided a $20 million secured single-draw term loan to us with a
maturity date of August 1, 2020. The 2016 Loan Agreement replaces a prior term loan agreement with Oxford Finance originally entered into in June 2014. The term loan was fully drawn at close and the proceeds may be used for working capital and
general business requirements. The term loan repayment schedule provides for interest only payments for the first 18 months, followed by consecutive monthly payments of principal and interest in arrears starting on March 1, 2018 and continuing
through the maturity date of August 1, 2020. The 2016 Loan Agreement provides for a floating interest rate (7.95% initially) based on an index rate plus a spread, a $150,000 facility fee that was paid at closing and an additional payment equal
to 9.25% of the principal amount of the term loan, which is due when the term loan becomes due or upon the prepayment of the facility. If we elect to prepay the loan, there is also a prepayment fee between 1% and 3% of the principal amount of the
term loan depending on the timing of prepayment. Our debt repayment obligations under the 2016 Loan Agreement may prove a burden to the Company as they become due, particularly following the expiration of the interest-only period.  
 In addition, the term loan is secured by substantially all of our assets, except that the collateral does not include any equity interests in
the Company, any intellectual property (including all licensing, collaboration and similar agreements relating thereto), and certain other excluded assets. The 2016 Loan Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by us,
which covenants limit our ability to convey, sell, lease, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of certain of our assets; engage in any business other than the businesses currently engaged in by us or reasonably related thereto; liquidate or
dissolve; make certain management changes; undergo certain change of control events; create, incur, assume, or be liable with respect to certain indebtedness; grant certain liens; pay dividends and make certain other restricted payments; make
certain investments; make payments on any subordinated debt; and enter into transactions with any of our affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business or permit our subsidiaries to do the same. Complying with these covenants may make it more
difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

  The 2016 Loan Agreement also contains customary events of default, including, among other things,
our failure to fulfill certain of our obligations under the 2016 Loan Agreement and the occurrence of a material adverse change in our business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise), a material impairment of the prospect of repayment of
any portion of the loan, the failure to deliver an unqualified audit report, or a material impairment in the perfection or priority of lender s lien in the collateral or in the value of such collateral. In the event of default by us under the
2016 Loan Agreement, the lender would be entitled to exercise its remedies thereunder, including the right to accelerate the debt, upon which we may be required to repay all amounts then outstanding under the 2016 Loan Agreement, which could harm
our business, operations and financial condition.     Risks Related To Our Industry   
  The market for our pharmaceutical product candidates is rapidly changing and competitive, and new products or technologies developed by
others could impair our ability to grow our business and remain competitive     The pharmaceutical industry is subject to rapid and
substantial technological change. Developments by others may render our product candidates under development or technologies noncompetitive or obsolete, or we may be unable to keep pace with technological developments or other market factors.
Technological competition in the industry from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities, governmental entities and others diversifying into the field is intense and is expected to increase.  
 We may face competition from other companies in numerous industries including pharmaceuticals, medical devices and drug delivery. Competition
for DUR-928, if approved, will depend on the specific indications for which DUR-928 is approved. Intercept, Gilead, Shire, Conatus Pharmaceuticals, Galectin Therapeutics, Genfit, Pfizer, Roche, Galmed Pharmaceuticals, Tobira Therapeutics, Enanta
Pharmaceuticals, Novo Nordisk, Takeda, Vital Therapies, Allergan, Akarna Therapeutics and others have development plans for products to treat NAFLD/NASH. Ischemix, Thrasos Therapeutics, AM-Pharma, Complexa, AbbVie, AlloCure, Quark Pharmaceuticals
and others have development plans for products to treat acute kidney injury.    POSIMIR, ELADUR, Relday, REMOXY ER and other ORADUR-based
drug candidates, if approved, will compete with currently marketed oral opioids, transdermal opioids, local anesthetic patches, anti-psychotics, stimulants, implantable and external infusion pumps which can be used for infusion of opioids and local
anesthetics. Products of these types are marketed by Purdue Pharma, AbbVie, Janssen, Actavis, Medtronic, Endo, AstraZeneca, Pernix Therapeutics, Tricumed, Halyard Health, Cumberland Pharmaceuticals, Pacira, Acorda Therapeutics, Mallinckrodt,
Inspirion Delivery Technologies, Mylan, Shire, Johnson   Johnson, Eli Lilly, Pfizer, Novartis, Teva Pharmaceuticals, and others. Purdue Pharma, Sandoz, Actavis, Collegium Pharmaceutical, Pfizer, Elite Pharmaceuticals, Intellipharmaceutics,
Egalet, Teva Pharmaceuticals and others have also announced regulatory approval or development plans for abuse deterrent opioid products. Our ORADUR-ADHD product candidates, if approved, will compete with currently marketed or approved products by
Shire, Johnson   Johnson, UCB, Novartis, Noven, Eli Lilly, Pfizer and others. Relday, if approved, will compete with currently marketed products by Johnson   Johnson, Eli Lilly, Astra Zeneca, Pfizer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Otsuka,
Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Teva and others.    Numerous companies are applying significant resources and expertise to the problems of drug
delivery and several of these are focusing or may focus on delivery of drugs to the intended site of action, including Alkermes, Pacira, Immune Pharmaceuticals, Innocoll, Nektar, Kimberly-Clark, Acorda Therapeutics, Flamel, Alexza, Mallinckrodt,
Hospira, Pfizer, Cumberland Pharmaceuticals, Egalet, Acura, Elite Pharmaceuticals, Phosphagenics, Intellipharmaceutics, Collegium Pharmaceutical, Heron Therapeutics and others. Some of these competitors may be addressing the same therapeutic areas
or indications as we are. Our current and potential competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection or commercializing products before us. Many of these entities have significantly greater research and development capabilities than we do, as
well as substantially more marketing, manufacturing, financial and managerial resources. These entities represent significant competition for us. Acquisitions of, or investments in, competing pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies by large
corporations could increase such competitors  financial, marketing, manufacturing and other resources.    We are engaged in the
development of novel therapeutic technologies. Our resources are limited and we may experience technical challenges inherent in such novel technologies. Competitors have developed or are in the process of developing technologies that are, or in the
future may be, the basis for competitive products. Some of these products may have an entirely different approach or means of accomplishing similar therapeutic effects than our product candidates. Our competitors may develop products that are safer,
more effective or less costly than our product candidates and, therefore, present a serious competitive threat to our product offerings.  
 The widespread acceptance of therapies that are alternatives to ours may limit market acceptance of our product candidates even if
commercialized. Chronic and post-operative pain are currently being treated by oral medication, transdermal drug delivery systems, such as drug patches, injectable products and implantable drug delivery devices which will be competitive with our
product candidates. These treatments are widely accepted in the medical community and have a long history of use. The established use of these competitive products may limit the potential for our product candidates to receive widespread acceptance
if commercialized.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

   Our relationships with customers and third-party payers will be subject to applicable
anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings   
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payers will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product
candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payers and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or
financial arrangements and relationships through which we would market, sell and distribute our products. As a pharmaceutical company, even though we do not and may not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid
or other third-party payers, federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients  rights are and will be applicable to our business. These regulations include:  

the Federal Healthcare Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in
kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid,
and which will constrain our marketing practices and the marketing practices of our licensees, educational programs, pricing policies, and relationships with healthcare providers or other entities;    

the federal physician self-referral prohibition, commonly known as the Stark Law, which prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to providers of  designated health services  with whom
the physician or a member of the physician s immediate family has an ownership interest or compensation arrangement, unless a statutory or regulatory exception applies;    

federal false claims laws that prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other government reimbursement
programs that are false or fraudulent, and which may expose entities that provide coding and billing advice to customers to potential criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and including as a result
of claims presented in violation of the Federal Healthcare Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law or other healthcare-related laws, including laws enforced by the FDA;    

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and also created federal
criminal laws that prohibit knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services, and which
as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually
identifiable health information;        

federal physician sunshine requirements under the Affordable Care Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report annually to HHS information related to payments and other
transfers of value to physicians, other healthcare providers, and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare providers and their immediate family members and applicable group purchasing
organizations;        

the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which, among other things, strictly regulates drug product marketing, prohibits manufacturers from marketing drug products for off-label use and regulates the distribution of
drug samples; and        

state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services
reimbursed by non- governmental third-party payers, including private insurers, state laws requiring pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance
promulgated by the federal government and which may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, and state and foreign laws
governing the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws such as HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.
     Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and
regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other
healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages,
fines, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do
business are found to not be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

   Healthcare reform measures could hinder or prevent our product candidates  commercial
success.     In the United States, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory
changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future revenue and profitability and the future revenue and profitability of our collaborators or potential collaborators. Federal and state lawmakers regularly propose and, at times, enact
legislation that results in significant changes to the healthcare system, some of which is intended to contain or reduce the costs of medical products and services. For example, in March 2010, the President signed one of the most significant
healthcare reform measures in decades, the Affordable Care Act. It contains a number of provisions, including those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes and fraud and abuse measures, all of which impact existing
government healthcare programs and will result in the development of new programs. The Affordable Care Act, among other things:      

imposes a non-deductible annual fee on pharmaceutical manufacturers or importers who sell  branded prescription drugs         

increases the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand-name drugs from 15.1% to 23.1%;        

requires collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations;        

addresses new methodologies by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, and for drugs that are line
extension products;        

requires manufacturers to participate in a coverage gap discount program, under which they must agree to offer 50% point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during
their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and        

mandates a further shift in the burden of Medicaid payments to the states.      Other legislative
changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. For example, automatic reductions to several government programs were enacted during  sequestration.  These reductions included aggregate reductions to
Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013. On January 2, 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, or the ATRA, which, among other things,
further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five
years. Additional state and federal healthcare reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand
for our product candidates once approved or additional pricing pressures.     We could be exposed to significant product liability claims
which could be time consuming and costly to defend, divert management attention and adversely impact our ability to obtain and maintain insurance coverage   
 The testing, manufacture, marketing and sale of our product candidates involve an inherent risk that product liability claims will be asserted
against us. Although we are insured against such risks up to an annual aggregate limit in connection with clinical trials and commercial sales of our product candidates, our present product liability insurance may be inadequate and may not fully
cover the costs of any claim or any ultimate damages we might be required to pay. Product liability claims or other claims related to our product candidates, regardless of their outcome, could require us to spend significant time and money in
litigation or to pay significant damages. Any successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable or reasonable terms. In addition, product liability coverage
may cease to be available in sufficient amounts or at an acceptable cost. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the
commercialization of our product candidates. A product liability claim could also significantly harm our reputation and delay market acceptance of our product candidates.  
  Acceptance of our pharmaceutical product candidates in the marketplace is uncertain, and failure to achieve market acceptance will delay
our ability to generate or grow revenues     Our future financial performance will depend upon the successful introduction and customer
acceptance of our products in research and development, including POSIMIR, REMOXY ER and other ORADUR-based drug candidates, DUR-928, Relday and ELADUR. Even if approved for marketing, our product candidates may not achieve market acceptance. The
degree of market acceptance will depend upon a number of factors, including:      

the receipt of regulatory clearance of marketing claims for the uses that we are developing;        

the establishment and demonstration in the medical community of the safety and clinical efficacy of our products and their potential advantages over existing therapeutic products, including oral medication, transdermal
drug delivery products such as drug patches, injectable therapeutics, or external or implantable drug delivery products; and        

pricing and reimbursement policies of government and third-party payors such as insurance companies, health maintenance organizations, hospital formularies and other health plan administrators.    
      44  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, market adoption of POSIMIR may depend on what data from clinical studies is included
in the product label and market adoption of REMOXY ER may depend on the extent to which the product label includes claims for abuse deterrence, and there can be no assurance as to what the final products labels will contain. Physicians, patients,
payers or the medical community in general may be unwilling to accept, utilize or recommend any of our products. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval, commercialize and market our future products when planned and achieve market acceptance,
we will not achieve anticipated revenues.     If users of our products are unable to obtain adequate reimbursement from third-party
payers, or if new restrictive legislation is adopted, market acceptance of our products may be limited and we may not achieve anticipated revenues   
 The continuing efforts of government and insurance companies, health maintenance organizations and other payers of healthcare costs to contain
or reduce costs of health care may affect our future revenues and profitability, and the future revenues and profitability of our potential customers, suppliers and third-party collaborators and the availability of capital. For example, in certain
foreign markets, pricing or profitability of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to government control. In the United States, recent federal and state government initiatives have been directed at lowering the total cost of health care, and the
U.S. Congress and state legislatures will likely continue to focus on health care reform, the cost of prescription pharmaceuticals and on the reform of the Medicare and Medicaid systems. While we cannot predict whether any such legislative or
regulatory proposals will be adopted, the announcement or adoption of such proposals could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 The successful commercialization of our product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which appropriate reimbursement levels for the
cost of our product candidates and related treatment are obtained by governmental authorities, private health insurers and other organizations, such as HMOs. Third-party payers often limit payments or reimbursement for medical products and services.
Also, the trend toward managed health care in the United States and the concurrent growth of organizations such as HMOs, which could control or significantly influence the purchase of health care services and products, as well as legislative
proposals to reform health care or reduce government insurance programs, may limit reimbursement or payment for our products. The cost containment measures that health care payers and providers are instituting and the effect of any health care
reform could materially harm our ability to operate profitably.     If we or our third-party collaborators are unable to train physicians
to use our pharmaceutical product candidates to treat patients  diseases or medical conditions, we may incur delays in market acceptance of our products   
 Broad use of our product candidates will require extensive training of numerous physicians on the proper and safe use of our product
candidates. The time required to begin and complete training of physicians could delay introduction of our products and adversely affect market acceptance of our products. We or third parties selling our product candidates may be unable to rapidly
train physicians in numbers sufficient to generate adequate demand for our product candidates. Any delay in training would materially delay the demand for our product candidates and harm our business and financial results. In addition, we may expend
significant funds towards such training before any orders are placed for our products, which would increase our expenses and harm our financial results.  
  Potential new accounting pronouncements and legislative actions are likely to impact our future financial position or results of operations
    Future changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse, unexpected fluctuations in the timing of the recognition of
revenues or expenses and may affect our financial position or results of operations. New pronouncements and varying interpretations of pronouncements have occurred with frequency and may occur in the future and we may make changes in our accounting
policies in the future. Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses. Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, new SEC regulations, PCAOB pronouncements and NASDAQ rules, are creating uncertainty for companies such as ours and insurance, accounting and auditing costs are high as a result of this uncertainty and other factors.
We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. As a result, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards, and this investment may result in increased general
and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.     Risks
Related To Our Common Stock      Our stock price has in the past and may in the future not meet the minimum bid price for continued
listing on Nasdaq. Our ability to continue operations or to publicly or privately sell equity securities and the liquidity of our common stock could be adversely affected if we are delisted from Nasdaq   
 On each of January 16, 2013 and December 9, 2014, we received written notification from Nasdaq informing us that because the closing
bid price of our common stock was below $1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, our shares no longer complied with the minimum closing bid price requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5450(a)(1).
Each time, we were given a period of 180 days from the date of the notification to regain compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements by having the closing bid price of our common stock listed on Nasdaq be at least $1.00 for at least 10
consecutive trading days.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

  While we regained compliance within the applicable time periods as of February 1, 2013 and
March 6, 2015, respectively, if our shares again no longer comply with the minimum closing bid price requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5450(a)(1) and we do not regain compliance within
the applicable 180-day time period, we may transfer our common stock listing to The Nasdaq Capital Market, provided that the Company (i) meets the applicable market value of publicly held shares requirement for continued listing and all other
applicable requirements for initial listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (except for the closing bid price requirement) based on the Company s most recent public filings and market information and (ii) notifies Nasdaq of its intent to cure
this deficiency. Following a transfer to The Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company would be afforded the remainder of an additional 180 calendar day grace period in order to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement of $1.00 per
share under The Nasdaq Capital Market, unless it does not appear to NASDAQ that it would be possible for the Company to cure the deficiency.  
 If compliance is not demonstrated within the applicable compliance period, Nasdaq will notify the Company that its securities will be subject
to delisting. The Company may appeal Nasdaq s determination to delist its securities to a Hearings Panel. During any appeal process, shares of the Company s common stock would continue to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market or Nasdaq Capital
Market, as applicable.    There can be no assurance that we will maintain compliance with the requirements for listing our common stock on
the Nasdaq Global Market or if we were not in compliance, that our common stock would be eligible for transfer to the Nasdaq Capital Market and remain in compliance with the requirements for listing on that market. Delisting from Nasdaq would
constitute an event of default under our loan facility with Oxford, entitling Oxford to accelerate our obligations under such facility, among other actions. Under such circumstances, we could be required to renegotiate the repayment terms of our
loan facility, on terms which would not be favorable to the Company as our current terms, or we could be required to take other actions, such as discontinuing some or all of our operations, selling assets, or other action. Delisting could also
adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing through the public or private sale of equity securities, would significantly affect the ability of investors to trade our securities and would negatively affect the value and liquidity of
our common stock. Delisting could also have other negative results, including the potential loss of confidence by employees, the loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development opportunities.  
  Our operating history makes evaluating our stock difficult   
 Our quarterly and annual results of operations have historically fluctuated and we expect will continue to fluctuate for the foreseeable
future. We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results should not be relied upon as predictive of future performance. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties encountered by companies
with no approved pharmaceutical products, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets such as pharmaceuticals, drug delivery and biotechnology. To address these risks, we must, among other things, obtain regulatory approval for and
commercialize our product candidates, which may not occur. We may not be successful in addressing these risks and difficulties. We may require additional funds to complete the development of our product candidates and to fund operating losses to be
incurred in the next several years.     Investors may experience substantial dilution of their investment   
 Investors may experience dilution of their investment if we raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities or convertible debt
securities or grant additional stock options to employees and consultants. In November 2015, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC that allows us to offer up to $125 million of securities from time to time in one or more
public offerings of our common stock. In addition, in November 2015, we entered into a Controlled Equity Offering sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald, under which we may sell, subject to certain limitations, up to $40 million of common stock
through Cantor Fitzgerald, acting as agent, and in April 2016, we completed an underwritten public offering in which we sold an aggregate of 13.8 million shares of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement at a price to
the public of $1.25. As of October 25, 2016, we had up to $33.8 million of common stock available for sale under the Controlled Equity Offering program and $67.8 million of common stock available for sale under the shelf registration statement.
Any additional sales in the public market of our common stock, under the agreements with Cantor Fitzgerald or otherwise under the shelf registration statement, could adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock.  
  The price of our common stock may be volatile   
 The stock markets in general, and the markets for pharmaceutical stocks in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that has often been
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.  
 Price declines in our common stock could result from general market and economic conditions and a variety of other factors, including:  

failure of third-party collaborators to continue development of the respective product candidates they are developing;        

adverse results (including adverse events or failure to demonstrate safety or efficacy) or delays in our clinical and non-clinical trials of POSIMIR, REMOXY ER or our other ORADUR-based drug candidates, DUR-928, Relday,
ELADUR or other product candidates;    
      46  

Table of Contents  

announcements of FDA non-approval of our product candidates, or delays in the FDA or other foreign regulatory agency review process;    

adverse actions taken by regulatory agencies or law enforcement agencies with respect to our product candidates, clinical trials, manufacturing processes or sales and marketing activities, or those of our third party
collaborators;        

announcements of technological innovations, patents, product approvals or new products by our competitors;        

regulatory, judicial and patent developments in the United States and foreign countries;        

any lawsuit involving us or our product candidates including intellectual property infringement or product liability suits;        

announcements concerning our competitors, or the biotechnology or pharmaceutical industries in general;        

developments concerning our strategic alliances or acquisitions;        

actual or anticipated variations in our operating results;        

changes in recommendations by securities analysts or lack of analyst coverage;        

deviations in our operating results from the estimates of analysts;        

sales of our common stock by our executive officers or directors or sales of substantial amounts of common stock by us or others;        

potential failure to meet continuing listing standards from The NASDAQ Global Market;        

loss or disruption of facilities due to natural disasters;        

changes in accounting principles; or        

loss of any of our key scientific or management personnel.      The market price of our common
stock may fluctuate significantly in response to factors which are beyond our control. The stock market in general has recently experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. In addition, the market prices of securities of technology and
pharmaceutical companies have also been extremely volatile, and have experienced fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. These broad market fluctuations could result in extreme
fluctuations in the price of our common stock, which could cause a decline in the value of our common stock.    In the past, following
periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company s securities, litigation has often been brought against that company. If litigation of this type is brought against us, it could be extremely expensive and divert
management s attention and our company s resources.     We have broad discretion over the use of our cash and investments, and
their investment may not always yield a favorable return     Our management has broad discretion over how our cash and investments are
used and may from time to time invest in ways with which our stockholders may not agree and that do not yield favorable returns.  
  Executive officers, directors and principal stockholders have substantial control over us, which could delay or prevent a change in our
corporate control favored by our other stockholders     Our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders, together with their
affiliates, have substantial control over us. The interests of these stockholders may differ from the interests of other stockholders. As a result, these stockholders, if acting together, could have the ability to exercise control over all corporate
actions requiring stockholder approval irrespective of how our other stockholders may vote, including:      

the election of directors;        

the amendment of charter documents;        

the approval of certain mergers and other significant corporate transactions, including a sale of substantially all of our assets; or    

the defeat of any non-negotiated takeover attempt that might otherwise benefit the public stockholders.    
      47  

Table of Contents  

   Our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could
discourage another company from acquiring us     Provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage,
delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These provisions include:  

authorizing the issuance of  blank check  preferred stock without any need for action by stockholders;        

providing for a classified board of directors with staggered terms;        

requiring supermajority stockholder voting to effect certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;        

eliminating the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;        

prohibiting stockholder action by written consent; and        

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings.    
      48  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       None  

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None  

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures       None  

Item 5.  
  Other Information       None  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits         
 
      49  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

DURECT CORPORATION  

By: 
   
   /S/ J AMES  E. B ROWN    

James E. Brown  
  Chief Executive Officer    

Date: November 1, 2016 

By: 
   
   /S/ M ATTHEW  J. H OGAN    

Matthew J. Hogan  
  Chief Financial Officer and Principal  
  Accounting Officer    

Date: November 1, 2016 

50  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       
 
      51  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d259942dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
  LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT   
  THIS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT  (as the same may from time to time be amended, modified, supplemented or restated, this
  Agreement  ) dated as of July 28, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ), among OXFORD FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with an office located at 133 North Fairfax Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314
(  Oxford  ), as collateral agent (in such capacity,   Collateral Agent  ), the Lenders listed on  Schedule 1.1  hereof or otherwise a party hereto from time to time including Oxford in its capacity as a
Lender (each a   Lender   and collectively, the   Lenders  ), and DURECT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation with offices located at 10260 Bubb Road, Cupertino, CA 95014 (  Borrower  ), provides the terms
on which the Lenders shall lend to Borrower and Borrower shall repay the Lenders. The parties agree as follows:        

1.  
   ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS         1.1  Accounting terms not defined in this
Agreement shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. Calculations and determinations must be made in accordance with GAAP. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13. All other
terms contained in this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, shall have the meaning provided by the Code to the extent such terms are defined therein. All references to   Dollars   or   $   are United States Dollars,
unless otherwise noted.        

2.  
   LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT         2.1 Promise to Pay.  Borrower hereby
unconditionally promises to pay each Lender, the outstanding principal amount of all Term Loans advanced to Borrower by such Lender and accrued and unpaid interest thereon and any other amounts due hereunder as and when due in accordance with this
Agreement.       2.2 Term Loans .    
 (a)  Availability . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Lenders agree, severally and not jointly, to make term
loans to Borrower on the Effective Date in an aggregate amount of Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000.00) according to each Lender s Term Loan Commitment as set forth on  Schedule 1.1  hereto (such term loans are hereinafter
referred to singly as a   Term Loan  , and collectively as the   Term Loans  ). After repayment, no Term Loan may be  re-borrowed.   
 (b)  Repayment . Borrower shall make monthly payments of interest only commencing on the first (1 st ) Payment Date following the Funding Date of the Term Loans, and continuing on the Payment Date of each successive month thereafter through and including the Payment Date immediately preceding
the Amortization Date. Borrower agrees to pay, on the Funding Date of the Term Loans, any initial partial monthly interest payment otherwise due for the period between the Funding Date of the Term Loans and the first Payment Date thereof. Commencing
on the Amortization Date, and continuing on the Payment Date of each month thereafter, Borrower shall make consecutive equal monthly payments of principal, together with applicable interest, in arrears, to each Lender, as calculated by Collateral
Agent (which calculations shall be deemed correct absent manifest error) based upon: (1) the amount of such Lender s Term Loan, (2) the effective rate of interest, as determined in Section 2.3(a), and (3) a repayment
schedule equal to thirty (30) months. All unpaid principal and accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the Term Loans is due and payable in full on the Maturity Date. The Term Loans may only be prepaid in accordance with Sections
2.2(c) and 2.2(d).    (c)  Mandatory Prepayments . If the Term Loans are accelerated following the occurrence of an Event of
Default, Borrower shall immediately pay to Lenders, payable to each Lender in accordance with its respective Pro Rata Share, an amount equal to the sum of: (i) all outstanding principal of the Term Loans plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon
through the prepayment date, (ii) the Final Payment, (iii) the Prepayment Fee, plus (iv) all other Obligations that are due and payable, including Lenders  Expenses and interest at the Default Rate (unless waived or reduced by
the Required Lenders in their sole discretion) with respect to any past due amounts. Notwithstanding (but without duplication with) the foregoing, on the Maturity Date, if the Final Payment had not  
      1  

previously been paid in full in connection with the prepayment of the Term Loans in full, Borrower shall pay to Collateral Agent, for payment to each Lender in accordance with its respective Pro
Rata Share, the Final Payment in respect of the Term Loans.    (d)  Permitted Prepayment of Term Loans . Borrower shall have the option
to prepay all, but not less than all, of the Term Loans advanced by the Lenders under this Agreement, provided Borrower (i) provides written notice to Collateral Agent of its election to prepay the Term Loans at least ten (10) days prior
to such prepayment, and (ii) pays to the Lenders on the date of such prepayment, payable to each Lender in accordance with its respective Pro Rata Share, an amount equal to the sum of (A) all outstanding principal of the Term Loans plus
accrued and unpaid interest thereon through the prepayment date, (B) the Final Payment, (C) the Prepayment Fee, plus (D) all other Obligations that are due and payable, including Lenders  Expenses and interest at the Default Rate
(unless waived or reduced by the Required Lenders in their sole discretion) with respect to any past due amounts.     2.3 Payment of
Interest on the Credit Extensions .      (a)  Interest Rate.  Subject to Section 2.3(b), the principal amount outstanding
under the Term Loans shall accrue interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the Basic Rate, as determined by Collateral Agent, which interest shall be payable monthly in arrears in accordance with Sections 2.2(b) and 2.3(e). Interest shall
accrue on each Term Loan commencing on, and including, the Funding Date of such Term Loan, and shall accrue on the principal amount outstanding under such Term Loan through and including the day on which such Term Loan is paid in full.  
 (b)  Default Rate . Immediately upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Obligations shall accrue interest
at a floating per annum rate equal to the rate that is otherwise applicable thereto plus five percentage points (5.00%) (the   Default Rate  ), unless the Required Lenders otherwise elect from time to time in their sole
discretion to impose a smaller increase or to waive such increase. Payment or acceptance of the increased interest rate provided in this Section 2.3(b) is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of
any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of Collateral Agent.    (c)
  360-Day  Year . Interest shall be computed on the basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year, and the actual number of days elapsed.  
 (d)  Debit of Accounts . Collateral Agent and each Lender may debit (or ACH) any deposit accounts, maintained by Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, including the Designated Deposit Account, for principal and interest payments or any other amounts Borrower owes the Lenders under the Loan Documents when due. Any such debits (or ACH activity) shall not constitute a  set-off.     (e)  Payments . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by Borrower
under the Loan Documents shall be made to the respective Lender to which such payments are owed, at such Lender s office in immediately available funds on the date specified herein. Unless otherwise provided, interest is payable monthly on the
Payment Date of each month. Payments of principal and/or interest received after 12:00 noon Eastern time are considered received at the opening of business on the next Business Day. When a payment is due on a day that is not a Business Day, the
payment is due the next Business Day and additional fees or interest, as applicable, shall continue to accrue until paid. All payments to be made by Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document, including payments of principal and interest,
and all fees, expenses, indemnities and reimbursements, shall be made without  set-off,  recoupment or counterclaim, in lawful money of the United States and in immediately available funds.  
  2.4 Secured Promissory Notes.  The Term Loans shall be evidenced by a Secured Promissory Note or Notes in the form attached as
 Exhibit D  hereto (each a   Secured Promissory Note  ), and shall be repayable as set forth in this Agreement. Borrower irrevocably authorizes each Lender to make or cause to be made, on or about the Funding Date of any
Term Loan or at the time of receipt of any payment of principal on such Lender s Secured Promissory Note, an appropriate notation on such Lender s Secured Promissory Note Record reflecting the making of such Term Loan or (as the case may
be) the receipt of such payment. The outstanding amount of each Term Loan set forth on such Lender s Secured Promissory Note Record shall be prima facie evidence (absent manifest error) of  
  
      2  

the principal amount thereof owing and unpaid to such Lender, but the failure to record, or any error in so recording, any such amount on such Lender s Secured Promissory Note Record
shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of Borrower under any Secured Promissory Note or any other Loan Document to make payments of principal of or interest on any Secured Promissory Note when due. Upon receipt of an affidavit of an
officer of a Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of its Secured Promissory Note ,  Borrower shall issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Secured Promissory Note in the same principal amount thereof and of like tenor. 
     2.5 Fees.  Borrower shall pay to Collateral Agent:  
 (a)  Facility Fee . A fully earned,  non-refundable  facility fee of One Hundred Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($150,000.00) to be shared between the Lenders pursuant to their respective Commitment Percentages due and payable on the Effective Date;  
 (b)  Final Payment . The Final Payment, when due hereunder, to be shared between the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata
Shares;    (c)  Prepayment Fee . The Prepayment Fee, when due hereunder, to be shared between the Lenders in accordance with their
respective Pro Rata Shares; and    (d)  Lenders  Expenses . All Lenders  Expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees
and expenses for documentation and negotiation of this Agreement) incurred through and after the Effective Date, when due.     2.6
Withholding.  Payments received by the Lenders from Borrower hereunder will be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other
charges imposed by any governmental authority (including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto). Specifically, however, if at any time any Governmental Authority, applicable law, regulation or international agreement
requires Borrower to make any withholding or deduction from any such payment or other sum payable hereunder to the Lenders, Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that the amount due from Borrower with respect to such payment or other sum payable
hereunder will be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after the making of such required withholding or deduction, each Lender receives a net sum equal to the sum which it would have received had no withholding or deduction been
required and Borrower shall pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority. Borrower will, upon request, furnish the Lenders with proof reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders indicating that Borrower has made such
withholding payment; provided, however, that Borrower need not make any withholding payment if the amount or validity of such withholding payment is contested in good faith by appropriate and timely proceedings and as to which payment in full is
bonded or reserved against by Borrower. The agreements and obligations of Borrower contained in this Section 2.6 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.        

3.  
   CONDITIONS OF LOANS         3.1 Conditions Precedent to Initial Credit Extension. 
Each Lender s obligation to make a Term Loan is subject to the condition precedent that Collateral Agent and each Lender shall consent to or shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to Collateral Agent and each Lender, such
documents, and completion of such other matters, as Collateral Agent and each Lender may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation:    
 (a) original Loan Documents, each duly executed by Borrower;  
 (b) duly executed original Control Agreements with respect to any Collateral Accounts maintained by Borrower;  
 (c) duly executed original Secured Promissory Notes in favor of each Lender according to its Term Loan Commitment Percentage;  
      3  

(d) the Operating Documents and good standing certificates of Borrower certified by the Secretary
of State (or equivalent agency) of Borrower s jurisdiction of organization or formation and each jurisdiction in which Borrower is qualified to conduct business, each as of a date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective
Date;    (e) a completed Perfection Certificate for Borrower;  
 (f) the Annual Projections, for the current calendar year;  
 (g) duly executed original officer s certificate for Borrower in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit E ;  
 (h) certified copies, dated as of date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date, of financing statement searches, as
Collateral Agent shall request, accompanied by written evidence (including any UCC termination statements) that the Liens indicated in any such financing statements either constitute Permitted Liens or have been or, in connection with the initial
Credit Extension, will be terminated or released;    (i) a landlord s consent executed in favor of Collateral Agent in respect of each
of Borrower s leased locations where Borrower maintains Collateral having a book value in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00);  
 (j) a bailee waiver executed in favor of Collateral Agent in respect of each third party bailee where Borrower maintains Collateral having a
book value in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00);    (k) a duly executed legal opinion of counsel to Borrower dated
as of the Effective Date;    (l) evidence satisfactory to Collateral Agent and the Lenders that the insurance policies required by
Section 6.5 hereof are in full force and effect, together with appropriate evidence showing loss payable and/or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor of Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders;  
 (m) a payoff letter from Oxford Finance LLC, as collateral agent and lender, in respect of the Existing Indebtedness;  
 (n) evidence that (i) the Liens securing the Existing Indebtedness will be terminated and (ii) the documents and/or filings
evidencing the perfection of such Liens, including without limitation any financing statements and/or control agreements, have or will, concurrently with the initial Credit Extension, be terminated; and  
 (o) payment of the fees and Lenders  Expenses then due as specified in Section 2.5 hereof.  
  3.2 Conditions Precedent to all Credit Extensions.  The obligation of each Lender to make each Credit Extension, including the initial
Credit Extension, is subject to the following conditions precedent:      (a) receipt by Collateral Agent of an executed Disbursement
Letter in the form of  Exhibit B  attached hereto;    (b) the representations and warranties in Section 5 hereof shall be
true, accurate and complete in all material respects on the date of the Disbursement Letter and on the Funding Date of each Credit Extension; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and
warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material
respects as of such date, and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the Credit Extension. Each Credit Extension is Borrower s representation and warranty on that date that the representations and warranties in
Section 5 hereof are true, accurate and complete in all material respects; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in
the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date;  
      4  

(c) in such Lender s sole discretion, there has not been any Material Adverse Change or any
material adverse deviation by Borrower from the Annual Projections of Borrower presented to and accepted by Collateral Agent and each Lender;  
 (d) to the extent not delivered at the Effective Date, duly executed original Secured Promissory Notes, in number, form and content acceptable
to each Lender, and in favor of each Lender according to its Commitment Percentage, with respect to each Credit Extension made by such Lender after the Effective Date; and  
 (e) payment of the fees and Lenders  Expenses then due as specified in Section 2.5 hereof.  
  3.3 Covenant to Deliver.  Borrower agrees to deliver to Collateral Agent and the Lenders each item required to be delivered to
Collateral Agent under this Agreement as a condition precedent to any Credit Extension. Borrower expressly agrees that a Credit Extension made prior to the receipt by Collateral Agent or any Lender of any such item shall not constitute a waiver by
Collateral Agent or any Lender of Borrower s obligation to deliver such item, and any such Credit Extension in the absence of a required item shall be made in each Lender s sole discretion.    
  3.4 Procedures for Borrowing.  Subject to the prior satisfaction of all other applicable conditions to the making of a Term Loan set
forth in this Agreement, to obtain a Term Loan, Borrower shall deliver to the Lenders by electronic mail or facsimile a completed Disbursement Letter executed by a Responsible Officer or his or her designee. The Lenders may rely on any telephone
notice given by a person whom a Lender reasonably believes is a Responsible Officer or designee. On the Funding Date, each Lender shall credit and/or transfer (as applicable) to the Designated Deposit Account, an amount equal to its Term Loan
Commitment.        

4.  
   CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST         4.1 Grant of Security Interest.  Borrower
hereby grants Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, to secure the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and pledges to Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the
Lenders, the Collateral, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof. Borrower represents, warrants, and covenants that the security interest granted herein is and shall at all times
continue to be a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, subject in priority only to the Liens described in clauses (c), (h), (j) and (k) of the definition of Permitted Liens. If Borrower shall acquire a commercial
tort claim (as defined in the Code) with a potential value in excess of Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($75,000.00), Borrower, shall promptly notify Collateral Agent in a writing signed by Borrower, as the case may be, of the general details thereof
(and further details as may be required by Collateral Agent) and grant to Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with
such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent.      If this Agreement is terminated, Collateral
Agent s Lien in the Collateral shall continue until the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) are repaid in full in cash. Upon payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) and at such
time as the Lenders  obligation to make Credit Extensions has terminated, Collateral Agent shall, at the sole cost and expense of Borrower, release its Liens in the Collateral and all rights therein shall revert to Borrower.  
  4.2 Authorization to File Financing Statements.  Borrower hereby authorizes Collateral Agent to file financing statements or take any
other action required to perfect Collateral Agent s security interests in the Collateral, without notice to Borrower, with all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect or protect Collateral Agent s interest or rights under the Loan Documents,
including a notice that any disposition of the Collateral, except to the extent permitted by the terms of this Agreement, by Borrower, or any other Person, shall be deemed to violate the rights of Collateral Agent under the Code.    
      5  

5.  
   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES        Borrower represents and warrants to Collateral
Agent and the Lenders as follows:     5.1 Due Organization, Authorization: Power and Authority.  Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries
is duly existing and in good standing as a Registered Organization in its jurisdictions of organization or formation and Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is qualified and licensed to do business and is in good standing in any jurisdiction in
which the conduct of its businesses or its ownership of property requires that it be qualified except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. In connection with this Agreement, Borrower and each
of its Subsidiaries has delivered to Collateral Agent a completed perfection certificate signed by an officer of Borrower or such Subsidiary (each a   Perfection Certificate   and collectively, the   Perfection
Certificates  ). Borrower represents and warrants that (a) Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries  exact legal name is that which is indicated on its respective Perfection Certificate and on the signature page of each Loan Document
to which it is a party; (b) Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is an organization of the type and is organized in the jurisdiction set forth on its respective Perfection Certificate; (c) each Perfection Certificate accurately sets forth
each of Borrower s and its Subsidiaries  organizational identification number or accurately states that Borrower or such Subsidiary has none; (d) each Perfection Certificate accurately sets forth Borrower s and each of its
Subsidiaries  place of business, or, if more than one, its chief executive office as well as Borrower s and each of its Subsidiaries  mailing address (if different than its chief executive office); (e) Borrower and each of its
Subsidiaries (and each of its respective predecessors) have not, in the past five (5) years, changed its jurisdiction of organization, organizational structure or type, or any organizational number assigned by its jurisdiction; and (f) all
other information set forth on the Perfection Certificates pertaining to Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, is accurate and complete in all material respects (it being understood and agreed that Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries may from
time to time update certain information in the Perfection Certificates (including the information set forth in clause (d) above) after the Effective Date to the extent permitted by one or more specific provisions in this Agreement); such
updated Perfection Certificates subject to the review and approval of Collateral Agent. If Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is not now a Registered Organization but later becomes one, Borrower shall notify Collateral Agent of such occurrence and
provide Collateral Agent with such Person s organizational identification number within five (5) Business Days of receiving such organizational identification number.    
 The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries of the Loan Documents to which it is a party have been duly
authorized, and do not (i) conflict with any of Borrower s or such Subsidiaries  organizational documents, including its respective Operating Documents, (ii) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default under or violate any
material Requirement of Law applicable thereto, (iii) contravene, conflict or violate any applicable order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Authority by which Borrower or such Subsidiary, or any of
their property or assets may be bound or affected, (iv) require any action by, filing, registration, or qualification with, or Governmental Approval from, any Governmental Authority (except such Governmental Approvals which have already been
obtained and are in full force and effect) or are being obtained pursuant to Section 6.1(b), or (v) constitute an event of default under any material agreement by which Borrower or any of such Subsidiaries, or their respective properties,
is bound. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default under any agreement to which it is a party or by which it or any of its assets is bound in which such default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.  
  5.2 Collateral.     (a)
Borrower and each its Subsidiaries have good title to, have rights in, and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien under the Loan Documents, free and clear of any and all Liens except Permitted Liens,
and neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries have any Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts, Commodity Accounts or other investment accounts other than the Collateral Accounts or the other investment accounts, if any, described in the Perfection
Certificates delivered to Collateral Agent in connection herewith with respect of which Borrower or such Subsidiary has given Collateral Agent notice and taken such actions as are necessary to give Collateral Agent a perfected security interest
therein to the extent required under Section 6.6. The Accounts are bona fide, existing obligations of the Account Debtors.  
      6  

(b) On the Effective Date, and except as disclosed on the Perfection Certificate (i) the
Collateral is not in the possession of any third party bailee (such as a warehouse), and (ii) no such third party bailee possesses components of the Collateral in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00). None of the
components of the Collateral shall be maintained at locations other than as disclosed in the Perfection Certificates on the Effective Date or as permitted pursuant to Section 6.11.  
 (c) All Inventory is in all material respects of good and marketable quality, free from material defects.  
 (d) Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is the sole owner of the Intellectual Property each respectively purports to own, free and clear of
all Liens other than Permitted Liens. Except as noted on the Perfection Certificates, neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, nor is bound by, any material license or other material agreement with respect to which Borrower or
such Subsidiary is the licensee that (i) prohibits or otherwise restricts Borrower or its Subsidiaries from granting a security interest in Borrower s or such Subsidiaries  interest in such material license or material agreement or
any other property, or (ii) for which a default thereunder or termination thereof could interfere with Collateral Agent s or any Lender s right to sell any Collateral. Borrower shall provide written notice to Collateral Agent and each
Lender within ten (10) days of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries entering into or becoming bound by any license or agreement with respect to which Borrower or any Subsidiary is the licensee (other than   over-the-counter   software that is commercially available to the public).     5.3 Litigation. 
Except as disclosed (i) on the Perfection Certificates, or (ii) in accordance with Section 6.9 hereof, there are no actions, suits, investigations, or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Responsible Officers, threatened in
writing by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries involving more than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00).       5.4
No Material Deterioration in Financial Condition; Financial Statements.  All consolidated financial statements for Borrower and its Subsidiaries, delivered to Collateral Agent fairly present, in conformity with GAAP, in all material respects the
consolidated financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and the consolidated results of operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries. There has not been any material deterioration in the consolidated financial condition of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries since the date of the most recent financial statements submitted to any Lender.       5.5 Solvency.  Borrower and
each of its Subsidiaries is Solvent.        5.6 Regulatory Compliance.  Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is an
 investment company  or a company  controlled  by an  investment company  under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged as one of its important activities
in extending credit for margin stock (under Regulations X, T and U of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors). Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act. Neither Borrower
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a  holding company  or an  affiliate  of a  holding company  or a  subsidiary company  of a  holding company  as each term is defined and used in the Public Utility
Holding Company Act of 2005. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has violated any laws, ordinances or rules, the violation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. Neither Borrower s nor any of its
Subsidiaries  properties or assets has been used by Borrower or such Subsidiary or, to Borrower s knowledge, by previous Persons, in disposing, producing, storing, treating, or transporting any hazardous substance other than in material
compliance with applicable laws. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has obtained all consents, approvals and authorizations of, made all declarations or filings with, and given all notices to, all Governmental Authorities that are necessary to
continue their respective businesses as currently conducted.      None of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of Borrower s
or its Subsidiaries  Affiliates or any of their respective agents acting or benefiting in any capacity in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is (i) in violation of any
 Anti-Terrorism  Law, (ii) engaging in or conspiring to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth
in any  Anti-Terrorism  Law, or (iii) is a Blocked Person. None of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or to the knowledge of Borrower and any of their Affiliates or agents, acting or benefiting in any
capacity in connection with  
      7  

the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (x) conducts any business or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Blocked
Person, or (y) deals in, or otherwise engages in any transaction relating to, any property or interest in property blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224, any similar executive order or other
 Anti-Terrorism  Law.     5.7 Investments.  Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any
stock, shares, partnership interests or other equity securities except for Permitted Investments.       5.8 Tax Returns and Payments;
Pension Contributions.  Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed all required tax returns and reports, and Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, has timely paid all foreign, federal, state, and material local taxes, assessments,
deposits and contributions owed by Borrower and such Subsidiaries, in all jurisdictions in which Borrower or any such Subsidiary is subject to taxes, including the United States, unless such taxes are being contested in accordance with the following
sentence. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, may defer payment of any contested taxes, provided that Borrower or such Subsidiary, (a) in good faith contests its obligation to pay the taxes by appropriate proceedings promptly and diligently
instituted and conducted, (b) notifies Collateral Agent in writing of the commencement of, and any material development in, the proceedings, and (c) posts bonds or takes any other steps required to prevent the Governmental Authority
levying such contested taxes from obtaining a Lien upon any of the Collateral that is other than a   Permitted Lien .  Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is aware of any claims or adjustments proposed for any of
Borrower s or such Subsidiaries , prior tax years which could result in additional taxes becoming due and payable by Borrower or its Subsidiaries. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have paid all amounts necessary to fund all present
pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with their terms, and neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries have, withdrawn from participation in, and have not permitted partial or complete termination of, or permitted
the occurrence of any other event with respect to, any such plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of Borrower or its Subsidiaries, including any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or its successors or
any other Governmental Authority.       5.9 Use of Proceeds.  Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions solely as
working capital and to fund its general business requirements in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, and not for personal, family, household or agricultural purposes. A portion of the proceeds of the Term Loans shall be used by
Borrower to repay the Existing Indebtedness in full on the Effective Date.       5.10 Full Disclosure.  No written representation,
warranty or other statement of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in any certificate or written statement given to Collateral Agent or any Lender, as of the date such representation, warranty, or other statement was made, taken together with all
such written certificates and written statements given to Collateral Agent or any Lender as a whole and in light of the circumstances in which made, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements contained in the certificates or statements not misleading (it being recognized that the projections and forecasts provided by Borrower in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that actual
results during the period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results).     
  5.11 Definition of    Knowledge.   For purposes of the Loan Documents, whenever a representation or warranty is made to
Borrower s knowledge or awareness, to the  best of  Borrower s knowledge, or with a similar qualification, knowledge or awareness means the actual knowledge, after reasonable investigation, of the Responsible Officers.  

6.  
   AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS        Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries
to, do all of the following:     6.1 Government Compliance.   
 (a) Maintain its and all its Subsidiaries  legal existence and good standing in their respective jurisdictions of organization and
maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify could  
      8  

reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. Comply with all laws, ordinances and regulations to which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, the noncompliance with which
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.    (b) Obtain and keep in full force and effect, all of the material
Governmental Approvals necessary for the performance by Borrower and its Subsidiaries of their respective businesses and obligations under the Loan Documents and the grant of a security interest to Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the
Lenders, in all of the Collateral. Borrower shall promptly provide copies to Collateral Agent of any material Governmental Approvals obtained by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.  
  6.2 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates.   
 (a) Deliver to each Lender:  
 (i) as soon as available, but no later than forty-five (45) days after the last day of each fiscal quarter, a company prepared
consolidated and consolidating (if applicable) balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement covering the consolidated operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such quarter certified by a Responsible Officer and in a form reasonably
acceptable to Collateral Agent;    (ii) as soon as available, but no later than one hundred twenty (120) days after the last day of
Borrower s fiscal year or within five (5) days of filing with the SEC, audited consolidated financial statements prepared under GAAP, consistently applied, together with an unqualified opinion on the financial statements from an
independent certified public accounting firm acceptable to Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion;    (iii) as soon as available
after approval thereof by Borrower s Board of Directors, but no later than ninety (90) days after the last day of each of Borrower s fiscal years, Borrower s annual financial projections for the entire current fiscal year as
approved by Borrower s Board of Directors, which such annual financial projections shall be set forth in a quarterly format (such annual financial projections as originally delivered to Collateral Agent and the Lenders are referred to herein as
the   Annual Projections   provided that, any revisions of the Annual Projections approved by Borrower s Board of Directors shall be delivered to Collateral Agent and the Lenders no later than seven (7) days after such
approval and, unless Collateral Agent notifies Borrower to the contrary in writing within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof, the term  Annual Projections  shall include such revisions);  
 (iv) within five (5) days of delivery, copies of all statements, reports and notices made available to Borrower s security holders
or holders of Subordinated Debt;    (v) within five (5) days of filing, all reports on Form
 10-K,   10-Q  and  8-K  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,  
 (vi) prompt notice of any event that could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the value of the Intellectual Property;
   (vii) as soon as available, but no later than thirty (30) days after the last day of each month, copies of the  month-end  account statements for each Collateral Account maintained by Borrower or its Subsidiaries, which statements may be provided to Collateral Agent and each Lender by Borrower or directly from the applicable
institution(s), and    (viii) other information as reasonably requested by Collateral Agent or any Lender.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, documents required to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof (to the extent any such documents are included in materials
otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, on Borrower s website on the internet at
Borrower s website address.  
      9  

(b) Concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements specified in
Section 6.2(a)(i) above but no later than forty-five (45) days after the last day of each quarter, deliver to each Lender, a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer.  
 (c) Keep proper books of record and account in accordance with GAAP in all material respects, in which full, true and correct entries shall be
made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, allow, at the sole cost of Borrower, Collateral Agent or any Lender, during regular business hours upon
reasonable prior notice (provided that no notice shall be required when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine and make abstracts or copies from any of its books and records, and
to conduct a collateral audit and analysis of its operations and the Collateral. Such audits shall be conducted no more often than twice every year unless (and more frequently if) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.  
  6.3 Inventory; Returns.  Keep all Inventory in good and marketable condition, free from material defects, except for obsolete Inventory
for which adequate reserves have been made. Returns and allowances between Borrower, or any of its Subsidiaries, and their respective Account Debtors shall substantially follow Borrower s, or such Subsidiary s, customary practices as they
exist at the Effective Date. Borrower must promptly notify Collateral Agent and the Lenders of all returns, recoveries, disputes and claims that involve more than Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) individually or in the aggregate in
any calendar year.       6.4 Taxes; Pensions.  Timely file and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely file, all required tax
returns and reports and timely pay, and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely pay, all foreign, federal, state, and material local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower or its Subsidiaries, except for deferred payment
of any taxes contested pursuant to the terms of Section 5.8 hereof, and shall deliver to Lenders, promptly upon demand, appropriate certificates attesting to such payments, and pay all amounts necessary to fund all present pension, profit
sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with the terms of such plans.       6.5 Insurance.  Keep Borrower s and
its Subsidiaries  business and the Collateral insured for risks and in amounts standard for companies in Borrower s and its Subsidiaries  industry and location and as Collateral Agent may reasonably request. Insurance policies shall
be in a form, with companies, and in amounts that are reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent and Lenders. All property policies shall have a lender s loss payable endorsement showing Collateral Agent as lender loss payee and waive
subrogation against Collateral Agent, and all liability policies shall show, or have endorsements showing, Collateral Agent, as additional insured. The Collateral Agent shall be named as lender loss payee and/or additional insured with respect to
any such insurance providing coverage in respect of any Collateral, and each provider of any such insurance shall agree, by endorsement upon the policy or policies issued by it or by independent instruments furnished to the Collateral Agent, that it
will give the Collateral Agent thirty (30) days prior written notice before any such policy or policies shall be materially altered or canceled. At Collateral Agent s request, Borrower shall deliver certified copies of policies and
evidence of all premium payments. Proceeds payable under any policy shall, at Collateral Agent s option, be payable to Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, on account of the Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(a) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower shall have the option of applying the proceeds of any casualty policy up to Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) with respect to any loss, but not exceeding
Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00), in the aggregate for all losses under all casualty policies in any one year, toward the replacement or repair of destroyed or damaged property; provided that any such replaced or repaired property
(i) shall be of equal or like value as the replaced or repaired Collateral and (ii) shall be deemed Collateral in which Collateral Agent has been granted a first priority security interest (subject only to Permitted Liens that are
permitted by the terms of this Agreement to have priority to Collateral Agent s Lien), and (b) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all proceeds payable under such casualty policy shall, at the option of
Collateral Agent, be payable to Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, on account of the Obligations. If Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries fails to obtain insurance as required under this Section 6.5 or to pay any amount or
furnish any required proof of payment to third persons, Collateral Agent and/or any Lender may make, at Borrower s expense, all or part of such payment or obtain such insurance policies required in this Section 6.5, and take any action
under the policies Collateral Agent or such Lender deems prudent in its good faith discretion.    
      10  

6.6 Operating Accounts.   
 (a) Maintain all of Borrower s and its Subsidiaries  Collateral Accounts in accounts which are subject to a Control Agreement in
favor of Collateral Agent, except as permitted in Section 6.6(b) below.    (b) Borrower shall provide Collateral Agent five
(5) days  prior written notice before Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries establishes any Collateral Account at or with any Person. In addition, subject to the terms of the Post Closing Letter (if applicable), for each Collateral Account
that Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, at any time maintains, Borrower or such Subsidiary shall cause the applicable bank or financial institution at or with which such Collateral Account is maintained to execute and deliver a Control Agreement
or other appropriate instrument with respect to such Collateral Account to perfect Collateral Agent s Lien in such Collateral Account in accordance with the terms hereunder prior to the establishment of such Collateral Account, which Control
Agreement may not be terminated without prior written consent of Collateral Agent. The provisions of the previous sentence shall not apply to (i) deposit accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit
payments to or for the benefit of Borrower s, or any of its Subsidiaries , employees and identified to Collateral Agent by Borrower as such in the Perfection Certificates, or (ii) accounts solely holding cash collateral permitted by
clause (j) of the definition of Permitted Liens, so long as the balance held in such cash collateral accounts does not at any time exceed the lesser of (A) the outstanding Indebtedness of Borrower under clause (l) of the definition of
Permitted Indebtedness or (B) Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00).    (c) Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
maintain any Collateral Accounts except Collateral Accounts maintained in accordance with Sections 6.6(a) and (b).     6.7 Protection
of Intellectual Property Rights.  Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to protect, defend and maintain the validity and enforceability of its Intellectual Property that is material to
Borrower s business; (b) promptly advise Collateral Agent in writing of material infringement by a third party of its Intellectual Property; and (c) not allow any Intellectual Property material to Borrower s business to be
abandoned, forfeited or dedicated to the public without Collateral Agent s prior written consent.     6.8 Litigation Cooperation. 
Commencing on the Effective Date and continuing through the termination of this Agreement, make available to Collateral Agent and the Lenders, without expense to Collateral Agent or the Lenders, Borrower and each of Borrower s officers,
employees and agents and Borrower s Books, to the extent that Collateral Agent or any Lender may reasonably deem them necessary to prosecute or defend any  third-party  suit or proceeding instituted by or
against Collateral Agent or any Lender with respect to any Collateral or relating to Borrower.     6.9 Notices of Litigation and
Default.  Borrower will give prompt written notice to Collateral Agent and the Lenders of any litigation or governmental proceedings pending or threatened (in writing) against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, which could reasonably be
expected to result in damages or costs to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) or more or which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. Without limiting or contradicting any other
more specific provision of this Agreement, promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business Days) upon Borrower becoming aware of the existence of any Event of Default or event which, with the giving of notice or passage of time, or both,
would constitute an Event of Default, Borrower shall give written notice to Collateral Agent and the Lenders of such occurrence, which such notice shall include a reasonably detailed description of such Event of Default or event which, with the
giving of notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default.     6.10 Intentionally Omitted.   
  6.11 Landlord Waivers; Bailee Waivers.  In the event that Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, after the Effective Date, intends to add
any new offices or business locations, including warehouses, or otherwise store any portion of the Collateral with, or deliver any portion of the Collateral to, a bailee, in each case pursuant to Section 7.2, then Borrower or such Subsidiary
will first notify Collateral Agent in writing and, in the event that the new location is the chief executive office of Borrower or such Subsidiary or the Collateral at any new location is valued in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
($250,000.00) in the aggregate, such bailee or landlord, as  
      11  

applicable, must execute and deliver a bailee waiver or landlord waiver, as applicable, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent prior to the addition of any new offices
or business locations, or any such storage with or delivery to any such bailee, as the case may be.     6.12 Creation/Acquisition of
Subsidiaries.  In the event Borrower, or any of its Subsidiaries creates or acquires any Subsidiary, Borrower shall provide prior written notice to Collateral Agent and each Lender of the creation or acquisition of such new Subsidiary and take
all such action as may be reasonably required by Collateral Agent or any Lender to cause each such Subsidiary to become a  co-Borrower  hereunder or to guarantee the Obligations of Borrower under the Loan
Documents and, in each case, grant a continuing pledge and security interest in and to the assets of such Subsidiary (substantially as described on  Exhibit A  hereto); and Borrower (or its Subsidiary, as applicable) shall grant and pledge
to Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, a perfected security interest in the stock, units or other evidence of ownership of each such newly created Subsidiary; provided, however, that solely in the circumstance in which Borrower
or any Subsidiary creates or acquires a Foreign Subsidiary in an acquisition approved by the Required Lenders, (i) such Foreign Subsidiary shall not be required to guarantee the Obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents and grant a
continuing pledge and security interest in and to the assets of such Foreign Subsidiary, and (ii) Borrower shall not be required to grant and pledge to Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders, a perfected security interest in more
than  sixty-five  percent (65%) of the stock, units or other evidence of ownership of such Foreign Subsidiary, if Borrower demonstrates to the reasonable satisfaction of Collateral Agent that such Foreign
Subsidiary providing such guarantee or pledge and security interest or Borrower providing a perfected security interest in more than  sixty-five  percent (65%) of the stock, units or other evidence of
ownership would create a present and existing adverse tax consequence to Borrower under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code.       6.13
Further Assurances .      (a) Execute any further instruments and take further action as Collateral Agent or any Lender reasonably
requests to perfect or continue Collateral Agent s Lien in the Collateral or to effect the purposes of this Agreement.    (b) Deliver
to Collateral Agent and Lenders, within five (5) days after the same are sent or received, copies of all material correspondence, reports, documents and other filings with any Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on any of the Governmental Approvals material to Borrower s business or otherwise could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.      

7.  
   NEGATIVE COVENANTS        Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, do any of the following without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders:     7.1 Dispositions.  Convey,
sell, lease, transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of (collectively,   Transfer  ), or permit any of its Subsidiaries to Transfer, all or any part of its business or property, except for Transfers (a) of Inventory in the
ordinary course of business; (b) of  worn-out  or obsolete Equipment; (c) in connection with Permitted Liens, Permitted Investments and Permitted Licenses; (d) consisting of cash payments
made in the ordinary course of Borrower s business and not otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, provided that such payments are reflected in the Annual Projections; and (e) of other property having a fair market value not
exceeding Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00) in the aggregate in any fiscal year of Borrower.       7.2 Changes in Business,
Management, Ownership, or Business Locations.  (a) Engage in or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business other than the businesses engaged in by Borrower as of the Effective Date or reasonably related thereto;
(b) liquidate or dissolve; or (c) (i) any Key Person shall cease to be actively engaged in the management of Borrower unless written notice thereof is provided to Collateral Agent within five (5) days of such change, or
(ii) enter into any transaction or series of related transactions in which the stockholders of Borrower who were not stockholders immediately prior to the first such transaction own more than forty nine percent (49%) of the voting stock of
Borrower immediately after giving effect to such transaction or related series of such transactions (other than by the sale of Borrower s equity securities in a public offering, a private placement of public equity or to venture capital
investors so long as Borrower identifies to Collateral Agent     
      12  

the venture capital investors prior to the closing of the transaction). Borrower shall not, without at least thirty (30) days  prior written notice to Collateral Agent: (A) add any
new offices or business locations, including warehouses (unless such new offices or business locations (i) contain less than Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) in assets or property of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and
(ii) are not Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  chief executive office); (B) change its jurisdiction of organization, (C) change its organizational structure or type, (D) change its legal name, or (E) change any
organizational number (if any) assigned by its jurisdiction of organization.     7.3 Mergers or Acquisitions.  Merge or consolidate, or
permit any of its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate, with any other Person, or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to acquire, all or substantially all of the capital stock, shares or property of another Person, except (i) for
Permitted Acquisitions, and (ii) that a Subsidiary may merge or consolidate into another Subsidiary (provided such surviving Subsidiary is a   co-Borrower   hereunder or has provided a secured
Guaranty of Borrower s Obligations hereunder) or with (or into) Borrower provided Borrower is the surviving legal entity, and as long as no Event of Default is occurring prior thereto or arises as a result therefrom. Without limiting the
foregoing, Borrower shall not, without Collateral Agent s prior written consent, enter into any binding contractual arrangement with any Person to attempt to facilitate a merger or acquisition of Borrower, unless (i) no Event of Default
exists when such agreement is entered into by Borrower, (ii) such agreement does not give such Person the right to claim any fees, payments or damages from Borrower in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00), and
(iii) Borrower notifies Collateral Agent in advance of entering into such an agreement.       7.4 Indebtedness.  Create,
incur, assume, or be liable for any Indebtedness, or permit any Subsidiary to do so, other than Permitted Indebtedness.       7.5
Encumbrance.  Create, incur, allow, or suffer any Lien on any of its property, or assign or convey any right to receive income, including the sale of any Accounts, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except for Permitted Liens, or permit
any Collateral not to be subject to the first priority security interest granted herein (except for Permitted Liens that are permitted by the terms of this Agreement to have priority over Collateral Agent s Lien), or enter into any agreement,
document, instrument or other arrangement (except with or in favor of Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders) with any Person which directly or indirectly prohibits or has the effect of prohibiting Borrower, or any of its
Subsidiaries, from assigning, mortgaging, pledging, granting a security interest in or upon, or encumbering any of Borrower s or such Subsidiary s Intellectual Property, except as is otherwise permitted in Section 7.1 hereof and the
definition of   Permitted Liens   herein.       7.6 Maintenance of Collateral Accounts.  Maintain any Collateral
Account except pursuant to the terms of Section 6.6 hereof.       7.7 Distributions; Investments.  (a) Pay any dividends
(other than dividends payable solely in capital stock) or make any distribution or payment in respect of or redeem, retire or purchase any capital stock (other than redemptions, retirements, or repurchases pursuant to the terms of employee stock
purchase plans, employee restricted stock agreements, stockholder rights plans, director or consultant stock option plans, or similar plans, provided such repurchases do not exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) in the aggregate per
fiscal year) or (b) directly or indirectly make any Investment other than Permitted Investments, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so.    
  7.8 Transactions with Affiliates.  Directly or indirectly enter into or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate of
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except for (a) transactions that are in the ordinary course of Borrower s or such Subsidiary s business, upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to Borrower or such Subsidiary
than would be obtained in an arm s length transaction with a  non-affiliated  Person, (b) Subordinated Debt or equity investments by Borrower s investors in Borrower or its Subsidiaries, and
(c) Investments permitted pursuant to clause (f) of the definition of Permitted Investments.       7.9 Subordinated
Debt.  (a) Make or permit any payment on any Subordinated Debt, except under the terms of the subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement to which such Subordinated Debt is subject, or (b) amend any provision in any
document relating to the Subordinated Debt which would increase the amount thereof or adversely affect the subordination thereof to Obligations owed to the Lenders.    
      13  

7.10 Compliance.  Become an  investment company  or a company controlled by an
 investment company , under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or undertake as one of its important activities extending credit to purchase or carry margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System), or use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for that purpose; fail to meet the minimum funding requirements of ERISA, permit a Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, as defined in ERISA, to occur; fail to comply with
the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act or violate any other law or regulation, if the violation could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so; withdraw or permit any Subsidiary to withdraw
from participation in, permit partial or complete termination of, or permit the occurrence of any other event with respect to, any present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any
liability of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or its successors or any other Governmental Authority.    
  7.11 Compliance with  Anti-Terrorism  Laws.  Collateral Agent hereby notifies Borrower and each of
its Subsidiaries that pursuant to the requirements of  Anti-Terrorism  Laws, and Collateral Agent s policies and practices, Collateral Agent is required to obtain, verify and record certain information and
documentation that identifies Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries and their principals, which information includes the name and address of Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries and their principals and such other information that will allow
Collateral Agent to identify such party in accordance with  Anti-Terrorism  Laws. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, nor shall Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries permit any Affiliate to,
directly or indirectly, knowingly enter into any documents, instruments, agreements or contracts with any Person listed on the OFAC Lists. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries shall immediately notify Collateral Agent if Borrower or such Subsidiary
has knowledge that Borrower, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of Borrower, is listed on the OFAC Lists or (a) is convicted on, (b) pleads    nolo contendere    to, (c) is indicted on, or (d) is arraigned and held
over on charges involving money laundering or predicate crimes to money laundering. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, nor shall Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, permit any Affiliate to, directly or indirectly, (i) conduct
any business or engage in any transaction or dealing with any Blocked Person, including, without limitation, the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Blocked Person, (ii) deal in, or
otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224 or any similar executive order or other  Anti-Terrorism  Law, or
(iii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in Executive Order No. 13224 or other  Anti-Terrorism  Law.        

8.  
   EVENTS OF DEFAULT        Any one of the following shall constitute an event of default
(an   Event of Default  ) under this Agreement:     8.1 Payment Default.  Borrower fails to (a) make any payment of
principal or interest on any Credit Extension on its due date, or (b) pay any other Obligations within three (3) Business Days after such Obligations are due and payable (which three (3) Business Day grace period shall not apply to
payments due on the Maturity Date or the date of acceleration pursuant to Section 9.1 (a) hereof). During the cure period, the failure to cure the payment default is not an Event of Default (but no Credit Extension will be made during the
cure period);       8.2 Covenant Default.   
 (a) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries fails or neglects to perform any obligation in Sections 6.2 (Financial Statements, Reports,
Certificates), 6.4 (Taxes), 6.5 (Insurance), 6.6 (Operating Accounts), 6.7 (Protection of Intellectual Property Rights), 6.9 (Notice of Litigation and Default), 6.11 (Landlord Waivers; Bailee Waivers), 6.12 (Creation/Acquisition of Subsidiaries) or
6.13 (Further Assurances) or Borrower violates any covenant in Section  or    (b) Borrower, or any of its Subsidiaries, fails or
neglects to perform, keep, or observe any other term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or any Loan Documents, and as to any default (other than those specified in this Section 8) under such other term,
provision, condition, covenant or agreement that can be cured, has failed to cure the default within ten (10) days after the occurrence thereof;  
      14  

provided, however, that if the default cannot by its nature be cured within the ten (10) day period or cannot after diligent attempts by Borrower be cured within such ten (10) day
period, and such default is likely to be cured within a reasonable time, then Borrower shall have an additional period (which shall not in any case exceed thirty (30) days) to attempt to cure such default, and within such reasonable time period
the failure to cure the default shall not be deemed an Event of Default (but no Credit Extensions shall be made during such cure period). Grace periods provided under this Section shall not apply, among other things, to financial covenants or
any other covenants set forth in subsection (a) above;     8.3 Material Adverse Change.  A Material Adverse Change occurs; 
     8.4 Attachment; Levy; Restraint on Business.   
 (a) (i) The service of process seeking to attach, by trustee or similar process, any funds of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or of
any entity under control of Borrower or its Subsidiaries on deposit with any Lender or any Lender s Affiliate or any bank or other institution at which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries maintains a Collateral Account, or (ii) a notice of
lien, levy, or assessment is filed against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective assets by any government agency, and the same under subclauses (i) and (ii) hereof are not, within ten (10) days after the occurrence
thereof, discharged or stayed (whether through the posting of a bond or otherwise); provided, however, no Credit Extensions shall be made during any ten (10) day cure period; and  
 (b) (i) any material portion of Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries  assets is attached, seized, levied on, or comes into
possession of a trustee or receiver, or (ii) any court order enjoins, restrains, or prevents Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from conducting any part of its business;  
  8.5 Insolvency.  (a) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is or becomes Insolvent; (b) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
begins an Insolvency Proceeding; or (c) an Insolvency Proceeding is begun against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and not dismissed or stayed within  forty-five  (45) days (but no Credit Extensions
shall be made while Borrower or any Subsidiary is Insolvent and/or until any Insolvency Proceeding is dismissed);       8.6 Other
Agreements.  There is a default in any agreement to which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party with a third party or parties resulting in a right by such third party or parties, whether or not exercised, to accelerate the maturity of
any Indebtedness in an amount in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) or that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change;    
  8.7 Judgments.  One or more judgments, orders, or decrees for the payment of money in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, of at
least Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) (not covered by independent  third-party  insurance as to which liability has been accepted by such insurance carrier) shall be rendered against Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries and shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated, or unstayed for a period of ten (10) days after the entry thereof (provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the satisfaction, vacation, or stay of such judgment,
order or decree);       8.8 Misrepresentations.  Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Person acting for Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries makes any representation, warranty, or other statement now or later in this Agreement, any Loan Document or in any writing delivered to Collateral Agent and/or Lenders or to induce Collateral Agent and/or the Lenders to enter this
Agreement or any Loan Document, and such representation, warranty, or other statement is incorrect in any material respect when made;    
  8.9 Subordinated Debt.  A default or breach occurs under any agreement between Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and any creditor of
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that signed a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement with Collateral Agent or the Lenders, or any creditor that has signed such an agreement with Collateral Agent or the Lenders breaches any
terms of such agreement;        8.10 Governmental Approvals.  Any Governmental Approval shall have been revoked, rescinded,
suspended, modified in an adverse manner, or not renewed in the ordinary course for a full term    and    such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or  non-renewal  has resulted in or
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; or    
      15  

8.11 Lien Priority . Any Lien created hereunder or by any other Loan Document shall at any
time fail to constitute a valid and perfected Lien on any of the Collateral purported to be secured thereby, subject to no prior or equal Lien, other than Permitted Liens which are permitted to have priority in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.       8.12 Delisting . The shares of common stock of Borrower are delisted from NASDAQ Capital Market because of
failure to comply with continued listing standards thereof or due to a voluntary delisting which results in such shares not being listed on any other nationally recognized stock exchange in the United States having listing standards at least as
restrictive as the NASDAQ Capital Market.        

9.  
   RIGHTS AND REMEDIES         9.1 Rights and Remedies .    
 (a) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Collateral Agent may, and at the written direction of Required
Lenders shall, without notice or demand, do any or all of the following: (i) deliver notice of the Event of Default to Borrower, (ii) by notice to Borrower declare all Obligations immediately due and payable (but if an Event of Default
described in Section 8.5 occurs all Obligations shall be immediately due and payable without any action by Collateral Agent or the Lenders) or (iii) by notice to Borrower suspend or terminate the obligations, if any, of the Lenders to
advance money or extend credit for Borrower s benefit under this Agreement or under any other agreement between Borrower and Collateral Agent and/or the Lenders (but if an Event of Default described in Section 8.5 occurs all obligations,
if any, of the Lenders to advance money or extend credit for Borrower s benefit under this Agreement or under any other agreement between Borrower and Collateral Agent and/or the Lenders shall be immediately terminated without any action by
Collateral Agent or the Lenders).    (b) Without limiting the rights of Collateral Agent and the Lenders set forth in
Section 9.1(a) above, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Collateral Agent shall have the right, without notice or demand, to do any or all of the following:  
 (i) foreclose upon and/or sell or otherwise liquidate, the Collateral;  
 (ii) apply to the Obligations any (a) balances and deposits of Borrower that Collateral Agent or any Lender holds or controls, or
(b) any amount held or controlled by Collateral Agent or any Lender owing to or for the credit or the account of Borrower; and/or  
 (iii) commence and prosecute an Insolvency Proceeding or consent to Borrower commencing any Insolvency Proceeding.  
 (c) Without limiting the rights of Collateral Agent and the Lenders set forth in Sections 9.1(a) and (b) above, upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Collateral Agent shall have the right, without notice or demand, to do any or all of the following:  
 (i) settle or adjust disputes and claims directly with Account Debtors for amounts on terms and in any order that Collateral Agent considers
advisable, notify any Person owing Borrower money of Collateral Agent s security interest in such funds, and verify the amount of such account;  
 (ii) make any payments and do any acts it considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral and/or its security interest in the
Collateral. Borrower shall assemble the Collateral if Collateral Agent requests and make it available in a location as Collateral Agent reasonably designates. Collateral Agent may enter premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain
possession of any part of the Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any Lien which appears to be prior or superior to its security interest and pay all expenses incurred. Borrower grants Collateral Agent a license to enter and occupy
any of its premises, without charge, to exercise any of Collateral Agent s rights or remedies;  
      16  

(iii) ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, and/or
advertise for sale, the Collateral. Collateral Agent is hereby granted a  non-exclusive,   royalty-free  license or other right to use, without charge, Borrower s and
each of its Subsidiaries  labels, patents, copyrights, mask works, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks, service marks, and advertising matter, or any similar property as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing
production of, advertising for sale, and selling any Collateral and, in connection with Collateral Agent s exercise of its rights under this Section 9.1, Borrower s and each of its Subsidiaries  rights under all licenses and all
franchise agreements inure to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders;    (iv) place a  hold  on any account maintained
with Collateral Agent or the Lenders and/or deliver a notice of exclusive control, any entitlement order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to any Control Agreement or similar agreements providing control of any Collateral;  
 (v) demand and receive possession of Borrower s Books;  
 (vi) appoint a receiver to seize, manage and realize any of the Collateral, and such receiver shall have any right and authority as any
competent court will grant or authorize in accordance with any applicable law, including any power or authority to manage the business of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; and  
 (vii) subject to clauses 9.1(a) and (b), exercise all rights and remedies available to Collateral Agent and each Lender under the Loan
Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code (including disposal of the Collateral pursuant to the terms thereof).  
   Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 9.1 to the contrary, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Collateral Agent shall have the
right to exercise any and all remedies referenced in this Section 9.1 without the written consent of Required Lenders following the occurrence of an Exigent Circumstance. As used in the immediately preceding sentence,   Exigent
Circumstance   means any event or circumstance that, in the reasonable judgment of Collateral Agent, imminently threatens the ability of Collateral Agent to realize upon all or any material portion of the Collateral, such as, without
limitation, fraudulent removal, concealment, or abscondment thereof, destruction or material waste thereof, or failure of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after reasonable demand to maintain or reinstate adequate casualty insurance coverage, or
which, in the judgment of Collateral Agent, could reasonably be expected to result in a material diminution in value of the Collateral.    
  9.2 Power of Attorney.  Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Collateral Agent as its lawful   attorney-in-fact,   exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to: (a) endorse Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries  name on any checks or other forms of
payment or security; (b) sign Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries  name on any invoice or bill of lading for any Account or drafts against Account Debtors; (c) settle and adjust disputes and claims about the Accounts directly
with Account Debtors, for amounts and on terms Collateral Agent determines reasonable; (d) make, settle, and adjust all claims under Borrower s insurance policies; (e) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance, security
interest, and adverse claim in or to the Collateral, or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate or discharge the same; and (f) transfer the Collateral into the name of Collateral Agent or a third party as the Code
or any applicable law permits. Borrower hereby appoints Collateral Agent as its lawful   attorney-in-fact   to sign Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries  name on
any documents necessary to perfect or continue the perfection of Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations)
have been satisfied in full and Collateral Agent and the Lenders are under no further obligation to make Credit Extensions hereunder. Collateral Agent s foregoing appointment as Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries  attorney in fact,
and all of Collateral Agent s rights and powers, coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been fully repaid and performed and Collateral Agent s and the Lenders 
obligation to provide Credit Extensions terminates.    
      17  

9.3 Protective Payments.  If Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries fail to obtain the
insurance called for by Section 6.5 or fails to pay any premium thereon or fails to pay any other amount which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to pay under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Collateral Agent may obtain
such insurance or make such payment, and all amounts so paid by Collateral Agent are Lenders  Expenses and immediately due and payable, bearing interest at the Default Rate, and secured by the Collateral. Collateral Agent will make reasonable
efforts to provide Borrower with notice of Collateral Agent obtaining such insurance or making such payment at the time it is obtained or paid or within a reasonable time thereafter. No such payments by Collateral Agent are deemed an agreement to
make similar payments in the future or Collateral Agent s waiver of any Event of Default.       9.4 Application of Payments and
Proceeds.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (a) Borrower irrevocably waives the right to direct the application of any and all
payments at any time or times thereafter received by Collateral Agent from or on behalf of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of all or any part of the Obligations, and, as between Borrower on the one hand and Collateral Agent and Lenders on the
other, Collateral Agent shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and to reapply any and all payments received against the Obligations in such manner as Collateral Agent may deem advisable notwithstanding any previous application by
Collateral Agent, and (b) the proceeds of any sale of, or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral shall be applied: first, to the Lenders  Expenses; second, to accrued and unpaid interest on the Obligations (including any
interest which, but for the provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code, would have accrued on such amounts); third, to the principal amount of the Obligations outstanding; and fourth, to any other indebtedness or obligations of Borrower owing
to Collateral Agent or any Lender under the Loan Documents. Any balance remaining shall be delivered to Borrower or to whoever may be lawfully entitled to receive such balance or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. In carrying out the
foregoing, (x) amounts received shall be applied in the numerical order provided until exhausted prior to the application to the next succeeding category, and (y) each of the Persons entitled to receive a payment in any particular category
shall receive an amount equal to its pro rata share of amounts available to be applied pursuant thereto for such category. Any reference in this Agreement to an allocation between or sharing by the Lenders of any right, interest or obligation
 ratably,   proportionally  or in similar terms shall refer to Pro Rata Share unless expressly provided otherwise. Collateral Agent, or if applicable, each Lender, shall promptly remit to the other Lenders such sums as may be
necessary to ensure the ratable repayment of each Lender s portion of any Term Loan and the ratable distribution of interest, fees and reimbursements paid or made by Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Lender receiving a scheduled
payment shall not be responsible for determining whether the other Lenders also received their scheduled payment on such date; provided, however, if it is later determined that a Lender received more than its ratable share of scheduled payments made
on any date or dates, then such Lender shall remit to Collateral Agent or other Lenders such sums as may be necessary to ensure the ratable payment of such scheduled payments, as instructed by Collateral Agent. If any payment or distribution of any
kind or character, whether in cash, properties or securities, shall be received by a Lender in excess of its ratable share, then the portion of such payment or distribution in excess of such Lender s ratable share shall be received by such
Lender in trust for and shall be promptly paid over to the other Lender for application to the payments of amounts due on the other Lenders  claims. To the extent any payment for the account of Borrower is required to be returned as a voidable
transfer or otherwise, the Lenders shall contribute to one another as is necessary to ensure that such return of payment is on a pro rata basis. If any Lender shall obtain possession of any Collateral, it shall hold such Collateral for itself and as
agent and bailee for Collateral Agent and other Lenders for purposes of perfecting Collateral Agent s security interest therein.    
  9.5 Liability for Collateral.  So long as Collateral Agent and the Lenders comply with reasonable banking practices regarding the
safekeeping of the Collateral in the possession or under the control of Collateral Agent and the Lenders, Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall not be liable or responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; (b) any loss or
damage to the Collateral; (c) any diminution in the value of the Collateral; or (d) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, or other Person. Borrower bears all risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral. 
     9.6 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative.  Failure by Collateral Agent or any Lender, at any time or times, to require strict
performance by Borrower of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of Collateral Agent or any Lender thereafter to demand strict performance and compliance herewith or therewith. No
waiver hereunder shall be effective unless signed by     
      18  

Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders and then is only effective for the specific instance and purpose for which it is given. The rights and remedies of Collateral Agent and the Lenders under
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative. Collateral Agent and the Lenders have all rights and remedies provided under the Code, any applicable law, by law, or in equity. The exercise by Collateral Agent or any Lender of one right
or remedy is not an election, and Collateral Agent s or any Lender s waiver of any Event of Default is not a continuing waiver. Collateral Agent s or any Lender s delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver, election, or
acquiescence.     9.7 Demand Waiver.  Borrower waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, demand, notice of default or dishonor,
notice of payment and nonpayment, notice of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees held by Collateral Agent or any Lender on
which Borrower or any Subsidiary is liable.        
     All notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other
communication (collectively,   Communication  ) by any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of actual
receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified mail return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid; (b) upon transmission, when sent by facsimile transmission; (c) one
(1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or (d) when delivered, if  hand-delivered  by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be
notified and sent to the address, facsimile number, or email address indicated below. Any of Collateral Agent, Lender or Borrower may change its mailing address or facsimile number by giving the other party written notice thereof in accordance with
the terms of this Section 10.        

11.  
   CHOICE OF LAW, VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER, AND JUDICIAL REFERENCE        California
law governs the Loan Documents without regard to principles of conflicts of law. Borrower, Collateral Agent and each Lender each submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State and Federal courts in Santa
 
      19  

Clara County, California; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to operate to preclude Collateral Agent or any Lender from bringing suit or taking other legal action
in any other jurisdiction to realize on the Collateral or any other security for the Obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of Collateral Agent or any Lender. Borrower expressly submits and consents in advance to such
jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in any such court, and Borrower hereby waives any objection that it may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non conveniens and hereby consents to the granting of such
legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such court. Borrower hereby waives personal service of the summons, complaints, and other process issued in such action or suit and agrees that service of such summons, complaints, and other
process may be made by registered or certified mail addressed to Borrower at the address set forth in, or subsequently provided by Borrower in accordance with, Section 10 of this Agreement and that service so made shall be deemed completed upon
the earlier to occur of Borrower s actual receipt thereof or three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mails, proper postage prepaid.     TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER, COLLATERAL AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED
TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF DUTY AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS. THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR EACH PARTY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL.   
 WITHOUT INTENDING IN ANY WAY TO LIMIT THE PARTIES  AGREEMENT TO WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, if the above waiver of the right to a
trial by jury is not enforceable, the parties hereto agree that any and all disputes or controversies of any nature between them arising at any time shall be decided by a reference to a private judge, mutually selected by the parties (or, if they
cannot agree, by the Presiding Judge of the Santa Clara County, California Superior Court) appointed in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Section 638 (or pursuant to comparable provisions of federal law if the dispute falls
within the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts), sitting without a jury, in Santa Clara County, California; and the parties hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such court. The reference proceedings shall be conducted pursuant to and in
accordance with the provisions of California Code of Civil Procedure    638 through 645.1, inclusive. The private judge shall have the power, among others, to grant provisional relief, including without limitation, entering temporary
restraining orders, issuing preliminary and permanent injunctions and appointing receivers. All such proceedings shall be closed to the public and confidential and all records relating thereto shall be permanently sealed. If during the course of any
dispute, a party desires to seek provisional relief, but a judge has not been appointed at that point pursuant to the judicial reference procedures, then such party may apply to the Santa Clara County, California Superior Court for such relief. The
proceeding before the private judge shall be conducted in the same manner as it would be before a court under the rules of evidence applicable to judicial proceedings. The parties shall be entitled to discovery which shall be conducted in the same
manner as it would be before a court under the rules of discovery applicable to judicial proceedings. The private judge shall oversee discovery and may enforce all discovery rules and orders applicable to judicial proceedings in the same manner as a
trial court judge. The parties agree that the selected or appointed private judge shall have the power to decide all issues in the action or proceeding, whether of fact or of law, and shall report a statement of decision thereon pursuant to
California Code of Civil Procedure   644(a). Nothing in this paragraph shall limit the right of any party at any time to exercise  self-help  remedies, foreclose against collateral, or obtain provisional
remedies. The private judge shall also determine all issues relating to the applicability, interpretation, and enforceability of this paragraph.      
    12.1 Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement binds and
is for the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each party. Borrower may not transfer, pledge or assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations under it without Collateral Agent s and each Lender s prior written consent
(which may be granted or withheld in Collateral Agent s and each Lender s discretion, subject to Section 12.6). The Lenders have the right, without the consent of or notice to Borrower, to sell, transfer, assign, pledge, negotiate, or
grant participation in (any such sale, transfer, assignment, negotiation ,  or grant of a participation, a   Lender Transfer  ) all or any part of, or any interest in, the Lenders  obligations, rights, and benefits under
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;    provided   ,    however   , that any such Lender Transfer (other than a transfer, pledge, sale or assignment to an Eligible  
  
      20  

Assignee) of its obligations, rights, and benefits under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall require the prior written consent of the Required Lenders (such approved assignee,
an   Approved Lender  ). Borrower and Collateral Agent shall be entitled to continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with the interests so assigned until Collateral Agent shall have received and accepted an
effective assignment agreement in form satisfactory to Collateral Agent executed, delivered and fully completed by the applicable parties thereto, and shall have received such other information regarding such Eligible Assignee or Approved Lender as
Collateral Agent reasonably shall require. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no Lender Transfer (other than a Lender Transfer in connection with
(x) assignments by a Lender due to a forced divestiture at the request of any regulatory agency; or (y) upon the occurrence of a default, event of default or similar occurrence with respect to a Lender s own financing or
securitization transactions) shall be permitted, without Borrower s consent, to any Person which is an Affiliate or Subsidiary of Borrower, a direct competitor of Borrower or a vulture hedge fund, each as determined by Collateral Agent. 
     12.2 Indemnification.  Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Collateral Agent and the Lenders and their respective
directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, or any other Person affiliated with or representing Collateral Agent or the Lenders (each, an   Indemnified Person  ) harmless against: (a) all obligations, demands, claims, and
liabilities (collectively,   Claims  ) asserted by any other party in connection with; related to; following; or arising from, out of or under, the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents; and (b) all losses or
Lenders  Expenses incurred, or paid by Indemnified Person in connection with; related to; following; or arising from, out of or under, the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents between Collateral Agent, and/or the Lenders and Borrower
(including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses), in each case, except for Claims and/or losses directly caused by such Indemnified Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Borrower hereby further indemnifies, defends and holds
each Indemnified Person harmless from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the fees and
disbursements of counsel for such Indemnified Person) in connection with any investigative, response, remedial, administrative or judicial matter or proceeding, whether or not such Indemnified Person shall be designated a party thereto and including
any such proceeding initiated by or on behalf of Borrower, and the reasonable expenses of investigation by engineers, environmental consultants and similar technical personnel and any commission, fee or compensation claimed by any broker (other than
any broker retained by Collateral Agent or Lenders) asserting any right to payment for the transactions contemplated hereby which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnified Person as a result of or in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby and the use or intended use of the proceeds of the loan proceeds except, in each case, for liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, expenses and disbursements
directly caused by such Indemnified Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct.       12.3 Time of Essence . Time is of
the essence for the performance of all Obligations in this Agreement.     12.4 Severability of Provisions.  Each provision of this
Agreement is severable from every other provision in determining the enforceability of any provision.       12.5 Correction of Loan
Documents.  Collateral Agent and the Lenders may correct patent errors and fill in any blanks in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents consistent with the agreement of the parties .   
  12.6 Amendments in Writing; Integration.  (a) No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, no approval or consent thereunder, or any consent to any departure by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Borrower, Collateral
Agent and the Required Lenders provided that:      (i) no such amendment, waiver or other modification that would have the effect of
increasing or reducing a Lender s Term Loan Commitment or Commitment Percentage shall be effective as to such Lender without such Lender s written consent;  
 (ii) no such amendment, waiver or modification that would affect the rights and duties of Collateral Agent shall be effective without
Collateral Agent s written consent or signature;  
      21  

(iii) no such amendment, waiver or other modification shall, unless signed by all the Lenders
directly affected thereby, (A) reduce the principal of, rate of interest on or any fees with respect to any Term Loan or forgive any principal, interest (other than default interest) or fees (other than late charges) with respect to any Term
Loan (B) postpone the date fixed for, or waive, any payment of principal of any Term Loan or of interest on any Term Loan (other than default interest) or any fees provided for hereunder (other than late charges or for any termination of any
commitment); (C) change the definition of the term  Required Lenders  or the percentage of Lenders which shall be required for the Lenders to take any action hereunder; (D) release all or substantially all of any material portion
of the Collateral, authorize Borrower to sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all or any material portion of the Collateral or release any Guarantor of all or any portion of the Obligations or its guaranty obligations with respect
thereto, except, in each case with respect to this clause (D), as otherwise may be expressly permitted under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including in connection with any disposition permitted hereunder); (E) amend, waive or
otherwise modify this Section 12.6 or the definitions of the terms used in this Section 12.6 insofar as the definitions affect the substance of this Section 12.6; (F) consent to the assignment, delegation or other transfer by
Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under any Loan Document or release Borrower of its payment obligations under any Loan Document, except, in each case with respect to this clause (F), pursuant to a merger or consolidation permitted
pursuant to this Agreement; (G) amend any of the provisions of Section 9.4 or amend any of the definitions of Pro Rata Share, Term Loan Commitment, Commitment Percentage or that provide for the Lenders to receive their Pro Rata Shares of
any fees, payments, setoffs or proceeds of Collateral hereunder; (H) subordinate the Liens granted in favor of Collateral Agent securing the Obligations; or (I) amend any of the provisions of Section 12.10. It is hereby understood and
agreed that all Lenders shall be deemed directly affected by an amendment, waiver or other modification of the type described in the preceding clauses (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) and (H) of the preceding sentence;  
 (iv) the provisions of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) are subject to the provisions of any interlender or agency
agreement among the Lenders and Collateral Agent pursuant to which any Lender may agree to give its consent in connection with any amendment, waiver or modification of the Loan Documents only in the event of the unanimous agreement of all Lenders.
   (b) Other than as expressly provided for in  Section 12.6(a)(i)-(iii),  Collateral Agent
may, if requested by the Required Lenders, from time to time designate covenants in this Agreement less restrictive by notification to a representative of Borrower.  
 (c) This Agreement and the Loan Documents represent the entire agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior negotiations or
agreements. All prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties about the subject matter of this Agreement and the Loan Documents merge into this Agreement and the Loan Documents.  
  12.7 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each
of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement.     12.8 Survival.  All
covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement continue in full force and effect until this Agreement has terminated pursuant to its terms and all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations and any other obligations
which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement) have been satisfied. The obligation of Borrower in Section 12.2 to indemnify each Lender and Collateral Agent, as well as the confidentiality provisions in
Section 12.9 below, shall survive until the statute of limitations with respect to such claim or cause of action shall have run.  
  12.9 Confidentiality.  In handling any confidential information of Borrower, the Lenders and Collateral Agent shall exercise the same
degree of care that it exercises for their own proprietary information, but disclosure of information may be made: (a) subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to the Lenders  and Collateral Agent s Subsidiaries or
Affiliates, or in connection with a Lender s own financing or securitization transactions and upon the occurrence of a default, event of default or similar occurrence with respect to such financing or securitization transaction; (b) to
prospective transferees (other than those identified in (a) above) or purchasers of any interest in the Credit Extensions (provided, however, the Lenders and Collateral Agent shall, except upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an
Event of Default, obtain such prospective transferee s  
      22  

or purchaser s agreement to the terms of this provision or to similar confidentiality terms); (c) as required by law, regulation, subpoena, or other order; (d) to Lenders  or
Collateral Agent s regulators or as otherwise required in connection with an examination or audit; (e) as Collateral Agent reasonably considers appropriate in exercising remedies under the Loan Documents; and (f) to third party
service providers of the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent so long as such service providers have executed a confidentiality agreement with the Lenders and Collateral Agent with terms no less restrictive than those contained herein. Confidential
information does not include information that either: (i) is in the public domain or in the Lenders  and/or Collateral Agent s possession when disclosed to the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent, or becomes part of the public domain
after disclosure to the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent; or (ii) is disclosed to the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent by a third party, if the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent does not know that the third party is prohibited from disclosing the
information. Collateral Agent and the Lenders may use confidential information for any purpose, including, without limitation, for the development of client databases, reporting purposes, and market analysis. The provisions of the immediately
preceding sentence shall survive the termination of this Agreement. The agreements provided under this Section 12.9 supersede all prior agreements, understanding, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties about the
subject matter of this Section 12.9.     12.10 Right of Set Off.  Borrower hereby grants to Collateral Agent and to each Lender, a
lien, security interest and right of set off as security for all Obligations to Collateral Agent and each Lender hereunder, whether now existing or hereafter arising upon and against all deposits, credits, collateral and property, now or hereafter
in the possession, custody, safekeeping or control of Collateral Agent or the Lenders or any entity under the control of Collateral Agent or the Lenders (including a Collateral Agent affiliate) or in transit to any of them. At any time after the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without demand or notice, Collateral Agent or the Lenders may set off the same or any part thereof and apply the same to any liability or obligation of Borrower even though unmatured and
regardless of the adequacy of any other collateral securing the Obligations. ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO REQUIRE COLLATERAL AGENT TO EXERCISE ITS RIGHTS OR REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER COLLATERAL WHICH SECURES THE OBLIGATIONS, PRIOR TO EXERCISING
ITS RIGHT OF SETOFF WITH RESPECT TO SUCH DEPOSITS, CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF BORROWER ARE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVED.    
  12.11 Cooperation of Borrower.  If necessary, Borrower agrees to (i) execute any documents (including new Secured Promissory Notes)
reasonably required to effectuate and acknowledge each assignment of a Term Loan Commitment or Loan to an assignee in accordance with Section 12.1, (ii) make Borrower s management available to meet with Collateral Agent and
prospective participants and assignees of Term Loan Commitments or Credit Extensions (which meetings shall be conducted no more often than twice every twelve months unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), and (iii) assist
Collateral Agent or the Lenders in the preparation of information relating to the financial affairs of Borrower as any prospective participant or assignee of a Term Loan Commitment or Term Loan reasonably may request. Subject to the provisions of
Section 12.9, Borrower authorizes each Lender to disclose to any prospective participant or assignee of a Term Loan Commitment, any and all information in such Lender s possession concerning Borrower and its financial affairs which has
been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, or which has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of Borrower in connection with such Lender s credit evaluation of Borrower prior to entering into
this Agreement.        
    13.1 Definitions.  As used in this Agreement, the following
terms have the following meanings:        Account   is any  account  as defined in the Code with such
additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes, without limitation, all accounts receivable and other sums owing to Borrower.    
     Account Debtor   is any  account debtor  as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may
hereafter be made.          Affiliate   of any Person is a Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly the
Person, any Person that controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the Person, and each of that Person s senior executive officers, directors, partners and, for any Person that is a limited liability company, that
Person s managers and members.    
      23  

Agreement   is defined in the preamble hereof.  
   Amortization Date   is March 1, 2018.  
   Annual Projections   is defined in Section 6.2(a).  
      Anti-Terrorism  Laws   are any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering,
including Executive Order No. 13224 (effective September 24, 2001), the USA PATRIOT Act, the laws comprising or implementing the Bank Secrecy Act, and the laws administered by OFAC.    
     Approved Fund   is any (i) investment company, fund, trust, securitization vehicle or conduit that is (or will
be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business or (ii) any Person (other than a natural person) which temporarily warehouses loans
for any Lender or any entity described in the preceding clause (i) and that, with respect to each of the preceding clauses (i) and (ii), is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) a
Person (other than a natural person) or an Affiliate of a Person (other than a natural person) that administers or manages a Lender.    
     Approved Lender   is defined in Section 12.1.    
   Basic Rate   is, with respect to a Term Loan, the per annum rate of interest (based on a year of three hundred sixty
(360) days) equal to the greater of (i) seven and ninety-five one hundredths of one percent (7.95%), or (ii) the sum of (a) the one (1) month U.S. LIBOR rate reported in  The Wall Street Journal  on the last Business
Day of the month that immediately precedes the month in which the interest will accrue, plus (b) seven and thirty-one one hundredths of one percent (7.31%). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Basic Rate for the Term Loan for the period from the
Effective Date through and including July 31, 2016 shall be seven and ninety-five one hundredths of one percent (7.95%).  
     Blocked Person   is any Person: (a) listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of,
Executive Order No. 13224, (b) a Person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any Person that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, Executive Order No. 13224, (c) a Person with
which any Lender is prohibited from dealing or otherwise engaging in any transaction by any  Anti-Terrorism  Law, (d) a Person that commits, threatens or conspires to commit or supports
 terrorism  as defined in Executive Order No. 13224, or (e) a Person that is named a  specially designated national  or  blocked person  on the most current list published by OFAC or other similar list. 
        Borrower   is defined in the preamble hereof.    
     Borrower s Books   are Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries  books and records including ledgers,
federal, and state tax returns, records regarding Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  assets or liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition, and all computer programs or storage or any equipment containing such
information.          Business Day   is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Collateral Agent
is closed.          Cash Equivalents   are (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally
guaranteed by the United States or any agency or any State thereof having maturities of not more than one (1) year from the date of acquisition; (b) commercial paper maturing no more than one (1) year after its creation and having the
highest rating from either Standard   Poor s Ratings Group or Moody s Investors Service, Inc., and (c) certificates of deposit maturing no more than one (1) year after issue provided that the account in which any such
certificate of deposit is maintained is subject to a Control Agreement in favor of Collateral Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the direct purchase by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any Auction Rate Securities, or purchasing participations
in, or     
      24  

entering into any type of swap or other derivative transaction, or otherwise holding or engaging in any ownership interest in any type of Auction Rate Security by Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries shall be conclusively determined by the Lenders as an ineligible Cash Equivalent, and any such transaction shall expressly violate each other provision of this Agreement governing Permitted Investments. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Cash Equivalents does not include and Borrower, and each of its Subsidiaries, are prohibited from purchasing, purchasing participations in, entering into any type of swap or other equivalent derivative transaction, or otherwise holding or engaging
in any ownership interest in any type of debt instrument, including, without limitation, any corporate or municipal bonds with a  long-term  nominal maturity for which the interest rate is reset through a dutch
auction and more commonly referred to as an auction rate security (each, an   Auction Rate Security  ).    
     Claims   are defined in Section 12.2.    
   Code   is the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the State of
California; provided, that, to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Loan Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article
or Division 9 shall govern; provided further, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection, or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Collateral Agent s Lien on any Collateral is
governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of California, the term  Code  shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the
provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions.  
     Collateral   is any and all properties, rights and assets of Borrower described on  Exhibit A .    
     Collateral Account   is any Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account, or any other bank account
maintained by Borrower or any Subsidiary at any time.          Collateral Agent   is, Oxford, not in its individual
capacity, but solely in its capacity as agent on behalf of and for the benefit of the Lenders.          Commitment
Percentage   is set forth in  Schedule 1.1 , as amended from time to time.          Commodity
Account   is any  commodity account  as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.    
     Communication   is defined in Section 10.    
   Compliance Certificate   is that certain certificate in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit C .  
     Contingent Obligation   is, for any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or not, of that Person for
(a) any indebtedness, lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation of another such as an obligation directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed,  co-made,  discounted or sold with recourse by that
Person, or for which that Person is directly or indirectly liable; (b) any obligations for undrawn letters of credit for the account of that Person; and (c) all obligations from any interest rate, currency or commodity swap agreement,
interest rate cap or collar agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person against fluctuation in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices; but  Contingent Obligation  does not include
endorsements in the ordinary course of business. The amount of a Contingent Obligation is the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation for which the Contingent Obligation is made or, if not determinable, the maximum reasonably
anticipated liability for it determined by the Person in good faith; but the amount may not exceed the maximum of the obligations under any guarantee or other support arrangement.    
     Control Agreement   is any control agreement entered into among the depository institution at which Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries maintains a Deposit Account or the securities intermediary or commodity intermediary at which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries maintains a Securities Account or a Commodity Account, Borrower and such Subsidiary, and Collateral
Agent pursuant to which Collateral Agent obtains control (within the meaning of the Code) for the benefit of the Lenders over such Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account.    
      25  

Copyrights   are any and all copyright rights, copyright applications,
copyright registrations and like protections in each work or authorship and derivative work thereof, whether published or unpublished and whether or not the same also constitutes a trade secret.    
     Credit Extension   is any Term Loan or any other extension of credit by Collateral Agent or Lenders for
Borrower s benefit.          Default Rate   is defined in Section 2.3(b).    
     Deposit Account   is any  deposit account  as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may
hereafter be made.          Designated Deposit Account   is Borrower s deposit account, account number ending
in 0495, maintained with Citibank, N.A.          Disbursement Letter   is that certain form attached hereto as
 Exhibit B .          Dollars  ,       dollars   and  $  each mean
lawful money of the United States.          Effective Date   is defined in the preamble of this Agreement. 
        Eligible Assignee   is (i) a Lender, (ii) an Affiliate of a Lender, (iii) an Approved Fund and
(iv) any commercial bank, savings and loan association or savings bank or any other entity which is an  accredited investor  (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) and which extends credit or buys
loans as one of its businesses, including insurance companies, mutual funds, lease financing companies and commercial finance companies, in each case, which either (A) has a rating of BBB or higher from Standard   Poor s Rating
Group and a rating of Baa2 or higher from Moody s Investors Service, Inc. at the date that it becomes a Lender or (B) has total assets in excess of Five Billion Dollars ($5,000,000,000.00), and in each case of clauses (i) through
(iv), which, through its applicable lending office, is capable of lending to Borrower without the imposition of any withholding or similar taxes; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing,  Eligible Assignee  shall not include, unless an
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) Borrower or any of Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (ii) a direct competitor of Borrower or a vulture hedge fund, each as determined by Collateral Agent. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, (x) in connection with assignments by a Lender due to a forced divestiture at the request of any regulatory agency, the restrictions set forth herein shall not apply and Eligible Assignee shall mean any Person or party and
(y) in connection with a Lender s own financing or securitization transactions, the restrictions set forth herein shall not apply and Eligible Assignee shall mean any Person or party providing such financing or formed to undertake such
securitization transaction and any transferee of such Person or party upon the occurrence of a default, event of default or similar occurrence with respect to such financing or securitization transaction; provided that no such sale, transfer, pledge
or assignment under this clause (y) shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such Person or party for such Lender as a party hereto until Collateral Agent shall have received and accepted an effective
assignment agreement from such Person or party in form satisfactory to Collateral Agent executed, delivered and fully completed by the applicable parties thereto, and shall have received such other information regarding such Eligible Assignee as
Collateral Agent reasonably shall require.          Equipment   is all  equipment  as defined in the Code
with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all machinery, fixtures, goods, vehicles (including motor vehicles and trailers), and any interest in any of the foregoing.    
     Equity Interest   is, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, partnership interests (whether
general or limited), membership interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such Person, and any other interest
or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such Person, including, convertible and exchangeable debt securities.    
      26  

ERISA   is the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended, and its regulations.          Event of Default   is defined in Section 8.    
     Existing Indebtedness   is the Indebtedness of Borrower to Oxford Finance LLC as of the Effective Date pursuant to
that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2014, entered into by and between Borrower and Oxford Finance LLC, as collateral agent and the lender thereunder, as amended.    
   Final Payment   is a payment (in addition to and not a substitution for the regular monthly payments of principal and accrued
interest) due on the earliest to occur of (a) the Maturity Date, or (b) the acceleration of any Term Loan, or (c) the prepayment of a Term Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(c), and equal to the original principal amount of such
Term Loan multiplied by the Final Payment Percentage, payable to Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares.  
   Final Payment Percentage   is nine and one-quarter percent (9.25%).  
     Foreign Subsidiary   is a Subsidiary that is not an entity organized under the laws of the United States or any
territory thereof.          Funding Date   is any date on which a Credit Extension is made to or on account of
Borrower which shall be a Business Day.          GAAP   is generally accepted accounting principles set forth in
the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other
Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination.    
     General Intangibles   are all  general intangibles  as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with
such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation, all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship and derivative work, whether published or
unpublished, any patents, trademarks, service marks and, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any applications therefor, whether registered or not, any trade secret rights, including any rights to unpatented inventions, payment intangibles,
royalties, contract rights, goodwill, franchise agreements, purchase orders, customer lists, route lists, telephone numbers, domain names, claims, income and other tax refunds, security and other deposits, options to purchase or sell real or
personal property, rights in all litigation presently or hereafter pending (whether in contract, tort or otherwise), insurance policies (including without limitation key man, property damage, and business interruption insurance), payments of
insurance and rights to payment of any kind.          Governmental Approval   is any consent, authorization,
approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority.    
     Governmental Authority   is any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency,
authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any  self-regulatory  organization.          Guarantor   is any Person providing a
Guaranty in favor of Collateral Agent.          Guaranty   is any guarantee of all or any part of the Obligations,
as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented.    
      27  

Indebtedness   is (a) indebtedness for borrowed money or the
deferred price of property or services, such as reimbursement and other obligations for surety bonds and letters of credit, (b) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) capital lease obligations, and
(d) Contingent Obligations.          Indemnified Person   is defined in Section 12.2.    
     Insolvency Proceeding   is any proceeding by or against any Person under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any
other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, extensions generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other relief.    
     Insolvent   means not Solvent.    
   Intellectual Property   means all of Borrower s or any Subsidiary s right, title and interest in and to the
following:    (a) its Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents;  
 (b) any and all trade secrets and trade secret rights, including, without limitation, any rights to unpatented inventions,  know-how,  operating manuals;    (c) any and all source code;  
 (d) any and all design rights which may be available to Borrower;  
 (e) any and all claims for damages by way of past, present and future infringement of any of the foregoing, with the right, but not the
obligation, to sue for and collect such damages for said use or infringement of the Intellectual Property rights identified above; and  
 (f) all amendments, renewals and extensions of any of the Copyrights, Trademarks or Patents.  
     Inventory   is all  inventory  as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to
such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all merchandise, raw materials, parts, supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in process and finished products, including without limitation such inventory as is temporarily
out of any Person s custody or possession or in transit and including any returned goods and any documents of title representing any of the above.    
     Investment   is any beneficial ownership interest in any Person (including stock, partnership interest or other
securities), and any loan, advance, payment or capital contribution to any Person.          Key Person   is each of
Borrower s (i) President and Chief Executive Officer, who is James E. Brown as of the Effective Date, and (ii) Chief Financial Officer, who is Matthew J. Hogan as of the Effective Date.    
     Lender   is any one of the Lenders.    
   Lenders   are the Persons identified on  Schedule 1.1  hereto and each assignee that becomes a party to this
Agreement pursuant to Section 12.1.        Lenders  Expenses   are all audit fees and expenses, costs, and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses, as well as appraisal fees, fees incurred on account of lien searches, inspection fees, and filing fees) for preparing, amending, negotiating, administering, defending and enforcing
the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, those incurred in connection with appeals or Insolvency Proceedings) or otherwise incurred by Collateral Agent and/or the Lenders in connection with the Loan Documents.    
      28  

Lien   is a claim, mortgage, deed of trust, levy, charge, pledge,
security interest, or other encumbrance of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise against any property.    
     Loan Documents   are, collectively, this Agreement, the Perfection Certificates, each Compliance Certificate, each
Disbursement Letter, any subordination agreements, any note, or notes or guaranties executed by Borrower or any other Person, and any other present or future agreement entered into by Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Person for the benefit of
the Lenders and Collateral Agent in connection with this Agreement; all as amended, restated, or otherwise modified.    
     Material Adverse Change   is (a) a material impairment in the perfection or priority of Collateral Agent s
Lien in the Collateral or in the value of such Collateral; (b) a material adverse change in the business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower or any Subsidiary; or (c) a material impairment of the prospect of
repayment of any portion of the Obligations.          Maturity Date   is August 1, 2020.    
     Obligations   are all of Borrower s obligations to pay when due any debts, principal, interest, Lenders 
Expenses, the Prepayment Fee, the Final Payment, and other amounts Borrower owes the Lenders now or later, in connection with, related to, following, or arising from, out of or under, this Agreement or, the other Loan Documents, or otherwise, and
including interest accruing after Insolvency Proceedings begin (whether or not allowed) and debts, liabilities, or obligations of Borrower assigned to the Lenders and/or Collateral Agent, and the performance of Borrower s duties under the Loan
Documents.          OFAC   is the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control.    
     OFAC Lists   are, collectively, the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by OFAC
pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (Sept. 25, 2001) and/or any other list of terrorists or other restricted Persons maintained pursuant to any of the rules and regulations of OFAC or pursuant to any other applicable
Executive Orders.          Operating Documents   are, for any Person, such Person s formation documents, as
certified by the Secretary of State (or equivalent agency) of such Person s jurisdiction of organization on a date that is no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date, and, (a) if such Person is a corporation, its
bylaws in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar agreement), each of
the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications thereto.          Patents   means all patents, patent
applications and like protections including without limitation improvements, divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues, extensions and continuations-in-part of the same.    
     Payment Date   is the first (1 st ) calendar day of each
calendar month.          Perfection Certificate   and   Perfection Certificates   is defined in
Section 5.1.          Permitted Acquisition   is any transaction or series of related transactions resulting
in the acquisition by Borrower or any Subsidiary, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, all of the Equity Interests of, or a business line or unit or a division of, any Person, provided that: 
    (a) immediately prior to, and after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result
therefrom;    (b) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable
law;  
      29  

(c) all acquisition consideration for each Permitted Acquisition shall consist solely of Equity
Interests of Borrower, subject to the limitation on changes of ownership of Borrower set forth in Section 7.2;    (d) in the case of
the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests, all of the Equity Interests (except for any such Equity Interest in the nature of directors  qualifying shares required pursuant to applicable law) acquired or otherwise issued by such
Person or any newly formed Subsidiary in connection with such acquisition shall be wholly owned by Borrower or a Subsidiary;    (e) Borrower
shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent and Lenders at least fifteen (15) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to Collateral Agent and Lenders) prior to such proposed acquisition (i) a copy of the purchase
agreement related to the proposed acquisition (and any related documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent and Lenders), (ii) a general description of the acquired assets or acquired business line or unit or division and the
competitive position of such business line or unit or division within the industry, (iii) the sources and uses of funds to finance the proposed acquisition and (iv) to the extent available, quarterly and annual audited financial statements
of the Person whose Equity Interests or assets are being acquired for the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to such proposed acquisition;  
 (f) such Permitted Acquisition shall only involve assets located in the United States and comprising a business, or those assets of a
business, in substantially the same business or lines of business in which Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged;    (g) the assets
being acquired or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired shall not have negative consolidated EBITDA (as determined in accordance with Borrower s standard or customary accounting procedures) during the twelve (12) consecutive
month period most recently concluded prior to the date of such acquisition;    (h) such Permitted Acquisition shall be consensual and shall
have been approved by the target s board of directors;    (i) no additional Indebtedness shall be incurred, assumed or otherwise be
reflected on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and target after giving effect to such Permitted Acquisition.    Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, in order for any acquisition of Equity Interests or assets of another Person to constitute a  Permitted Acquisition , Borrower must comply with all of the following:  
 (A) concurrent with the closing of such Permitted Acquisition, the applicable Borrower (or Subsidiary) making such Permitted Acquisition and
the target shall have executed such documents and taken such actions as may be required under Section 6.12;    (B) the applicable
Borrower shall have delivered to Collateral Agent and Lenders, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and Lenders and sufficiently in advance (and in any case no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to such Permitted
Acquisition), such other financial information, financial analysis, documentation or other information relating to such Permitted Acquisition and the pro forma certifications required by clause (C) below, in each case, as Collateral Agent and
Lenders shall reasonably request; and    (C) on or prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition, the Collateral Agent and Lenders shall
have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and Lenders, a certificate of the chief financial officer of Borrower certifying compliance with the requirements contained in this definition of  Permitted
Acquisitions  and with the other terms of the Loan Documents (before and after giving effect to such Permitted Acquisition).  
      30  

Permitted Indebtedness   is:  
 (a) Borrower s Indebtedness to the Lenders and Collateral Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;  
 (b) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and disclosed on the Perfection Certificate(s);  
 (c) Subordinated Debt;    (d)
unsecured Indebtedness to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business;    (e) Indebtedness consisting of capitalized lease
obligations and purchase money Indebtedness, in each case incurred by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to finance the acquisition, repair, improvement or construction of fixed or capital assets of such person, provided that (i) the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of all such Indebtedness does not exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) at any time and (ii) the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the lower of the cost or fair market value of
the property so acquired or built or of such repairs or improvements financed with such Indebtedness (each measured at the time of such acquisition, repair, improvement or construction is made);  
 (f) Indebtedness incurred as a result of endorsing negotiable instruments received in the ordinary course of Borrower s business;  
 (g) Indebtedness of a Borrower or any Subsidiary owing to a Borrower;  
 (h) Indebtedness in respect of advance payments by customers under purchase contracts in the ordinary course of business;  
 (i) Indebtedness consisting of guaranty obligations in respect of loans and advances to employees, officers or directors of any Borrower or
Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and permitted pursuant to clause (f) of the definition of  Permitted Investments  (including for travel, entertainment and relocation expenses);  
 (j) unsecured Indebtedness in respect of corporate credit card programs (including American Express   , Visa    and MasterCard    products) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) in the aggregate at any time;    (k) Indebtedness in respect of interest rate, currency or
commodity swap agreement, interest rate cap or collar agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person against fluctuation in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, entered into in the ordinary course
of Borrower s business and not for speculative purposes;    (l) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit not issued by Bank
supporting trade payables or leases entered into in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) at any time; and  
 (m) extensions, refinancings, modifications, amendments and restatements of any items of Permitted Indebtedness (a) through
(e) above, provided that the principal amount thereof is not increased or the terms thereof are not modified to impose materially more burdensome terms upon Borrower, or its Subsidiary, as the case may be.  
      31  

Permitted Investments   are:    
 (a) Investments disclosed on the Perfection Certificate(s) and existing on the Effective Date;  
 (b) (i) Investments consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents, and (ii) any Investments permitted by Borrower s investment
policy, as amended from time to time, provided that such investment policy (and any such amendment thereto) has been approved in writing by Collateral Agent;  
 (c) Investments consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary
course of Borrower;    (d) Investments consisting of Deposit Accounts in which Collateral Agent has a perfected security interest;  
 (e) Investments in connection with Transfers permitted by Section 7.1;  
 (f) Investments consisting of (i) travel advances and employee relocation loans and other employee loans and advances in the ordinary
course of business, and (ii) loans to employees, officers or directors relating to the purchase of equity securities of Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee stock purchase plans or agreements approved by Borrower s Board of
Directors; not to exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) in the aggregate for (i) and (ii) in any fiscal year;  
 (g) Investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and in
settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business;    (h)
Investments consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions, to customers and suppliers who are not Affiliates, in the ordinary course of business; provided that this paragraph (h) shall not apply to
Investments of Borrower in any Subsidiary;    (i) non-cash Investments in joint ventures or strategic alliances in the ordinary course of
Borrower s business consisting of Permitted Licenses of technology, the development of technology or the providing of technical support;  
 (j) Permitted Acquisitions; and  
 (k) in addition to Investments otherwise permitted by clauses (a) through (i) above, Investments by Borrower or any Subsidiary in an
aggregate amount not to exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) in any fiscal year.        Permitted
Licenses   are (A) licenses of over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public, and (B) non-exclusive and exclusive licenses for the use of the Intellectual Property of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
entered into in the ordinary course of business, provided, that, with respect to each such license described in clause (B), (i) no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing at the time of such license; (ii) the license constitutes an
arms-length transaction, the terms of which, on their face, do not provide for a sale or assignment of any Intellectual Property; (iii) in the case of any exclusive license, (x) Borrower delivers copies of the final executed licensing
documents in connection with the exclusive license promptly upon consummation thereof, (y) any such license is made in connection with a bona fide corporate collaboration or partnership, and is approved by Borrower s (or the applicable
Subsidiary s) board of directors, and (z) any such license could not result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed property but (a) may be exclusive as to a particular field of use and/or geographic territory outside of the
United States; or (b) may be exclusive for a particular field of use within the geographic territory of the United States; and (iv) all upfront payments, royalties, milestone payments or other proceeds arising from the licensing agreement
that are payable to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are paid to a Deposit Account that is governed by a Control Agreement.    
      32  

Permitted Liens   are:    
 (a) Liens existing on the Effective Date and disclosed on the Perfection Certificates or arising under this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents;    (b) Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other government charges or levies, either (i) not due and payable or
(ii) being contested in good faith and for which Borrower maintains adequate reserves on its Books, provided that no notice of any such Lien has been filed or recorded under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury
Regulations adopted thereunder;    (c) liens securing Indebtedness permitted under clause (e) of the definition of   Permitted
Indebtedness ,  provided that (i) such liens exist prior to the acquisition of, or attach substantially simultaneous with, or within twenty (20) days after the, acquisition, lease, repair, improvement or construction of, such
property financed or leased by such Indebtedness and (ii) such liens do not extend to any property of Borrower other than the property (and proceeds thereof) acquired, leased or built, or the improvements or repairs, financed by such
Indebtedness;    (d) Liens of carriers, warehousemen, suppliers, or other Persons that are possessory in nature arising in the ordinary
course of business so long as such Liens attach only to Inventory, securing liabilities in the aggregate amount not to exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00), and which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty or which
are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject thereto;  
 (e) Liens to secure payment of workers  compensation, employment insurance,  old-age  pensions,
social security and other like obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business (other than Liens imposed by ERISA);    (f) Liens
incurred in the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens described in (a) through (c),  but  any extension, renewal or replacement Lien must be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the
principal amount of the indebtedness may not increase;    (g) leases or subleases of real property granted in the ordinary course of
Borrower s business (or, if referring to another Person, in the ordinary course of such Person s business), and leases, subleases,  non-exclusive  licenses or sublicenses of personal property (other
than Intellectual Property) granted in the ordinary course of Borrower s business (or, if referring to another Person, in the ordinary course of such Person s business), if the leases, subleases, licenses and sublicenses do not prohibit
granting Collateral Agent or any Lender a security interest therein;    (h) banker s liens, rights of setoff and Liens in favor of
financial institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business arising in connection with Borrower s deposit accounts or securities accounts held at such institutions solely to secure payment of fees and similar costs and expenses and
provided such accounts are maintained in compliance with Section 6.6(b) hereof;    (i) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or
attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.4 or 8.7;    (j) Liens on cash collateral securing
Borrower s Indebtedness under clause (l) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness; provided that the amount of such cash collateral shall not exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) in the aggregate at any time; and  
 (k) Liens consisting of Permitted Licenses.  
     Person   is any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, company,
trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government agency.    
      33  

Prepayment Fee   is, with respect to any Term Loan subject to prepayment
prior to the Maturity Date, whether by mandatory or voluntary prepayment, acceleration or otherwise, an additional fee payable to the Lenders in amount equal to:    
 (i) for a prepayment made on or after the Funding Date of such Term Loan through and including the first anniversary of the Funding Date of
such Term Loan, three percent (3.00%) of the principal amount of such Term Loan prepaid;    (ii) for a prepayment made after the date
which is after the first anniversary of the Funding Date of such Term Loan through and including the second anniversary of the Funding Date of such Term Loan, two percent (2.00%) of the principal amount of such Term Loan prepaid; and  
 (iii) for a prepayment made after the second anniversary of the Funding Date of such Term Loan and prior to the Maturity Date, one percent
(1.00%) of the principal amount of such Term Loan prepaid.        Pro Rata Share   is, as of any date of
determination, with respect to each Lender, a percentage (expressed as a decimal, rounded to the ninth decimal place) determined by dividing the outstanding principal amount of Term Loans held by such Lender by the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of all Term Loans.          Registered Organization   is any  registered organization  as defined
in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.          Required Lenders   means
(i) for so long as all of the Persons that are Lenders on the Effective Date (each an   Original Lender  ) have not assigned or transferred any of their interests in their Term Loan, Lenders holding one hundred percent
(100%) of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan, or (ii) at any time from and after any Original Lender has assigned or transferred any interest in its Term Loan, Lenders holding at least sixty six percent
(66%) of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan and, in respect of this clause (ii), (A) each Original Lender that has not assigned or transferred any portion of its Term Loan, (B) each assignee or transferee of
an Original Lender s interest in the Term Loan, but only to the extent that such assignee or transferee is an Affiliate or Approved Fund of such Original Lender, and (C) any Person providing financing to any Person described in clauses
(A) and (B) above; provided, however, that this clause (C) shall only apply upon the occurrence of a default, event of default or similar occurrence with respect to such financing.    
   Requirement of Law   is as to any Person, the organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law (statutory or
common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is
subject.        Responsible Officer   is any of the President, Chief Executive Officer, or Chief Financial Officer of
Borrower acting alone.          Secured Promissory Note   is defined in Section 2.4.    
     Secured Promissory Note Record   is a record maintained by each Lender with respect to the outstanding Obligations
owed by Borrower to Lender and credits made thereto.          Securities Account   is any  securities
account  as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.          Solvent  
is, with respect to any Person: the fair salable value of such Person s consolidated assets (including goodwill minus disposition costs) exceeds the fair value of such Person s liabilities; such Person is not left with unreasonably small
capital after the transactions in this Agreement; and such Person is able to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they mature.    
     Subordinated Debt   is indebtedness incurred by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries subordinated to all Indebtedness
of Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries to the Lenders (pursuant to a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Collateral Agent and the Lenders entered into between Collateral Agent, Borrower, and/or
any of its Subsidiaries, and the other creditor), on terms acceptable to Collateral Agent and the Lenders.    
      34  

Subsidiary   is, with respect to any Person, any Person of which more
than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock or other equity interests (in the case of Persons other than corporations) is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or through one or more intermediaries.    
     Term Loan   is defined in Section 2.2(a) hereof.    
     Term Loan Commitment   is, for any Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make a Term Loan, up to the principal
amount shown on  Schedule 1.1  .    Term Loan Commitments   means the aggregate amount of such commitments of all Lenders.    
     Trademarks   means any trademark and servicemark rights, whether registered or not, applications to register and
registrations of the same and like protections, and the entire goodwill of the business of Borrower connected with and symbolized by such trademarks.    
     Transfer   is defined in Section 7.1.    
      [   Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank   ]       
      35  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the
Effective Date.      

BORROWER:   

DURECT CORPORATION  

By 
   
   /s/ Matthew J. Hogan   
 
 Name: 
   
   Matthew J. Hogan   
 
 Title: 
   
   Chief Financial Officer   

COLLATERAL AGENT AND LENDER:   

OXFORD FINANCE LLC  

By 
   
   /s/ Mark Davis   
 
 Name: 
   
   Mark Davis   
 
 Title: 
   
   Vice President  Finance, Secretary and Treasurer   
 
       [   Signature
Page to Loan and Security Agreement   ]   

SCHEDULE 1.1   
   Lenders and Commitments    
  Term Loans       

EXHIBIT A   
   Description of Collateral      The
Collateral consists of all of Borrower s right, title and interest in and to the following personal property:    All goods, Accounts
(including  health-care  receivables), Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements, franchise agreements, General Intangibles (except as noted below),
commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts and other Collateral Accounts, all certificates of deposit, fixtures, letters of credit rights
(whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and  
 All Borrower s Books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions
for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral does not include (i) more than sixty five percent (65%) of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote the shares of capital stock (the  Shares ) of any Foreign Subsidiary, if Borrower demonstrates to Collateral Agent s reasonable satisfaction that a pledge of more than sixty five percent
(65%) of the Shares of such Subsidiary creates a present and existing adverse tax consequence to Borrower under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code; and (ii) any Intellectual Property; provided, however, the Collateral shall include all
Accounts and all proceeds of Intellectual Property. If a judicial authority (including a U.S. Bankruptcy Court) would hold that a security interest in the underlying Intellectual Property is necessary to have a security interest in such Accounts and
such property that are proceeds of Intellectual Property, then the Collateral shall automatically, and effective as of the Effective Date, include the Intellectual Property to the extent necessary to permit perfection of Collateral Agent s
security interest in such Accounts and such other property of Borrower that are proceeds of the Intellectual Property.    Pursuant to the
terms of a certain negative pledge arrangement with Collateral Agent and the Lenders, Borrower has agreed not to encumber any of its Intellectual Property.  

EXHIBIT B   
   Form of Disbursement Letter    
 [see attached]  

DISBURSEMENT LETTER   
 July       , 2016  
   The undersigned, being the duly elected and acting
                       of DURECT Corporation, a Delaware corporation with offices located at 10260 Bubb Road, Cupertino, CA 95014
(  Borrower  ), does hereby certify to  OXFORD FINANCE LLC  (  Oxford   and   Lender  ), as collateral agent (the   Collateral Agent  ) in connection with that certain Loan and
Security Agreement dated as of July       , 2016, by and among Borrower, Collateral Agent and the Lenders from time to time party thereto (the   Loan Agreement   with other capitalized terms used below having
the meanings ascribed thereto in the Loan Agreement) that:      1. The representations and warranties made by Borrower in
Section 5 of the Loan Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof.  
 2. No event or condition has occurred that would constitute an Event of Default under the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document.  
 3. Borrower is in compliance with the covenants and requirements contained in Sections 4, 6 and 7 of the Loan Agreement.  
 4. All conditions referred to in Section 3 of the Loan Agreement to the making of the Loan to be made on or about the date hereof have
been satisfied or waived by Collateral Agent.    5. No Material Adverse Change has occurred.  
 6. The undersigned is a Responsible Officer.  
   [Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank]    

7. The proceeds of the Term Loan shall be disbursed as follows:  

Disbursement from Oxford:   

Loan Amount  
    
 $ 
 20,000,000.00 

Less:  

Facility Fee  
    
 ($ 
 150,000.00 
 )   
 
    Interim Interest  
    
 ($   
                            
   )   
 
    Lender s Legal Fees  
    
 ($   
                            
   )*   
 
    Payoff of Existing Indebtedness  
    
 ($   
                            
   )   

Net Proceeds due from Oxford:   
    
  $    

TOTAL TERM LOAN NET PROCEEDS FROM LENDERS   
    
  $    

8. The Term Loan shall amortize in accordance with the Amortization Table attached hereto.  
 9. The aggregate net proceeds of the Term Loans shall be transferred to the Designated Deposit Account as follows:  

Account Name:  
    
 DURECT Corporation  

Bank Name:  

Bank Address:  

Account Number:  

ABA Number:  

[Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank]    

* 
 Legal fees and costs are through the Effective Date.  Post-closing  legal fees and costs, payable after the Effective Date, to be invoiced and paid
 post-closing.     

Dated as of the date first set forth above.  

BORROWER:   

DURECT CORPORATION  

By                                     

Name:                                    

Title:                                    

COLLATERAL AGENT AND LENDER:   

OXFORD FINANCE LLC  

By:                                    

Name:                                    

Title:                                    
                                
        [   Signature Page to Disbursement Letter   ]       

AMORTIZATION TABLE   
 (Term Loan)    [see attached]  

EXHIBIT C   
   Compliance Certificate        

TO:                 OXFORD FINANCE LLC, as Collateral Agent and Lender  

FROM:         DURECT CORPORATION  
     The undersigned authorized officer (  Officer  ) of DURECT Corporation (  Borrower  ),
hereby certifies that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan and Security Agreement by and among Borrower, Collateral Agent, and the Lenders from time to time party thereto (the   Loan Agreement ;  capitalized terms
used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Loan Agreement),      (a) Borrower is in complete
compliance for the period ending                        with all required covenants except as noted below;  
 (b) There are no Events of Default, except as noted below;  
 (c) Except as noted below, all representations and warranties of Borrower stated in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material
respects on this date and for the period described in (a), above; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text
thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date.  
 (d) Borrower, and each of Borrower s Subsidiaries, has timely filed all required tax returns and reports, Borrower, and each of
Borrower s Subsidiaries, has timely paid all foreign, federal, state, and material local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower, or Subsidiary, except as otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of Section 5.8 of
the Loan Agreement;    (e) No Liens have been levied or claims made against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to unpaid employee
payroll or benefits of which Borrower has not previously provided written notification to Collateral Agent and the Lenders.    Attached are the required
documents, if any, supporting our certification(s). The Officer, on behalf of Borrower, further certifies that the attached financial statements are prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and are consistently
applied from one period to the next except as explained in an accompanying letter or footnotes and except, in the case of unaudited financial statements, for the absence of footnotes and subject to  year-end 
audit adjustments as to the interim financial statements.     Please indicate compliance status since the last Compliance Certificate by circling Yes, No,
or N/A under  Complies  column.       

Reporting Covenant  
   
  Requirement  
      
  Actual  

Complies  

1)  
    
 Financial statements 
   
 Quarterly within 45 days 

Yes 
   
 No 
   
 N/A  

2)  
    
 Annual (CPA Audited) statements 
   
 Within 120 days after FYE 

Yes 
   
 No 
   
 N/A  

3)  
    
 Annual Financial Projections/Budget (prepared on a quarterly basis) 
   
 Annually (within 90 days of FYE), and when revised 

Yes 
   
 No 
   
 N/A  

4)  
    
  8-K,   10-K  and  10-Q  Filings 
   
 If applicable, within 5 days of filing 

Yes 
   
 No 
   
 N/A  

5)  
    
 Compliance Certificate 
   
 Quarterly within 45 days 

Yes 
    
 No 
      
 N/A  

6)  
    
 IP Report 
   
 When required 

Yes 
    
 No 
      
 N/A  

7)  
    
 Total amount of Borrower s cash and cash equivalents at the last day of the measurement period 

$   

Yes 
    
 No 
      
 N/A  

8)  
    
 Total amount of Borrower s Subsidiaries  cash and cash equivalents at the last day of the measurement period 

$   

Yes 
    
 No 
      
 N/A  
     Deposit and Securities Accounts    
   (Please list all accounts; attach separate sheet if additional space needed)    

Institution Name  
   
  Account Number  
    
  New Account?  

Account Control Agreement in place?   

1)  

Yes 

No 

Yes 

No  

2)  

Yes 

No 

Yes 

No  

3)  

Yes 

No 

Yes 

No  

4)  

Yes 

No 

Yes 

No  
     Other Matters        

1)  
    
 Has any Key Person ceased to be actively engaged in the management of Borrower since the last Compliance Certificate? 

Yes 

No 

2)  
    
 Have there been any transfers/sales/disposals/retirement of Collateral or IP prohibited by the Loan Agreement? 

Yes 

No 

3)  
    
 Have there been any new or pending claims or causes of action against Borrower that involve more than Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00)? 

Yes 

No 

Exceptions    
 Please explain any exceptions with respect to the certification above: (If no exceptions exist, state  No exceptions.  Attach separate sheet if
additional space needed.)      

DURECT Corporation  

By:

Name:

Title:

Date:                                    

LENDER USE ONLY   

Received
by:                                         

Date:                         

Verified by:                                    

Date:                         

Compliance Status:            Yes            No 

EXHIBIT D   
   Form of Secured Promissory Note    
 [see attached]  

SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE   
  (Term Loan)       
     FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, DURECT Corporation, a Delaware corporation with offices located at
10260 Bubb Road, Cupertino, CA 95014 (  Borrower  ) HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY to the order of OXFORD FINANCE LLC (  Lender  ) the principal amount of
                       MILLION DOLLARS ($          ) or such lesser amount as shall equal the
outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan made to Borrower by Lender, plus interest on the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Term Loan, at the rates and in accordance with the terms of the Loan and Security Agreement dated
July       , 2016, by and among Borrower, Lender, Oxford Finance LLC, as Collateral Agent, and the other Lenders from time to time party thereto (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
the   Loan Agreement  ). If not sooner paid, the entire principal amount and all accrued and unpaid interest hereunder shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date as set forth in the Loan Agreement. Any capitalized term not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to such term in the Loan Agreement.        Principal, interest and all other amounts
due with respect to the Term Loan, are payable in lawful money of the United States of America to Lender as set forth in the Loan Agreement and this Secured Promissory Note (this   Note  ). The principal amount of this Note and
the interest rate applicable thereto, and all payments made with respect thereto, shall be recorded by Lender and, prior to any transfer hereof, endorsed on the grid attached hereto which is part of this Note.    
 The Loan Agreement, among other things, (a) provides for the making of a secured Term Loan by Lender to Borrower, and (b) contains provisions
for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events.    This Note may not be prepaid except as set forth in Section 2.2
(c) and Section 2.2(d) of the Loan Agreement.    This Note and the obligation of Borrower to repay the unpaid principal amount of the
Term Loan, interest on the Term Loan and all other amounts due Lender under the Loan Agreement is secured under the Loan Agreement.    Presentment
for payment, demand, notice of protest and all other demands and notices of any kind in connection with the execution, delivery, performance and enforcement of this Note are hereby waived.  
 Borrower shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and costs, incurred by Lender in the
enforcement or attempt to enforce any of Borrower s obligations hereunder not performed when due.    This Note shall be governed by, and construed and
interpreted in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of California.    The ownership of an interest in this Note shall be registered on a record
of ownership maintained by Lender or its agent. Notwithstanding anything else in this Note to the contrary, the right to the principal of, and stated interest on, this Note may be transferred only if the transfer is registered on such record of
ownership and the transferee is identified as the owner of an interest in the obligation. Borrower shall be entitled to treat the registered holder of this Note (as recorded on such record of ownership) as the owner in fact thereof for all purposes
and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in this Note on the part of any other person or entity.  
   [Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank]    

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be duly executed by one of its officers
thereunto duly authorized on the date hereof.       

BORROWER:   

DURECT Corporation  

By                   

Name:                   

Title:                   

Oxford Finance LLC      
     Term Loan Secured Promissory Note      

LOAN INTEREST RATE AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL   

Date           
    
  Principal           Amount          
    
          Interest Rate          
    
  Scheduled           Payment Amount          
    
          Notation By           

EXHIBIT E   
  CORPORATE BORROWING CERTIFICATE       

B ORROWER       :          
   DURECT CORPORATION  

D ATE :  July       , 2016 

L ENDER       :          
       OXFORD FINANCE LLC, as Collateral Agent and Lender  

I hereby certify as follows, as of the date set forth above:  
 1. I am the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other officer of Borrower. My title is as set forth below.  
 2. Borrower s exact legal name is set forth above. Borrower is a corporation existing under the laws of the State of Delaware.  
 3. Attached hereto as  Exhibit A  and  Exhibit B , respectively, are true, correct and complete copies of (i) Borrower s
Certificate of Incorporation (including amendments), as filed with the Secretary of State of the state in which Borrower is incorporated as set forth in paragraph 2 above; and (ii) Borrower s Bylaws. Neither such Certificate of
Incorporation nor such Bylaws have been amended, annulled, rescinded, revoked or supplemented, and such Certificate of Incorporation and such Bylaws remain in full force and effect as of the date hereof.  
 4. The following resolutions were duly and validly adopted by Borrower s Board of Directors at a duly held meeting of such directors (or pursuant to a
unanimous written consent or other authorized corporate action). Such resolutions are in full force and effect as of the date hereof and have not been in any way modified, repealed, rescinded, amended or revoked, and the Lenders may rely on them
until each Lender receives written notice of revocation from Borrower.         [   Balance of Page Intentionally Left
Blank   ]       

R ESOLVED    , that  any one  of the following officers or
employees of Borrower, whose names, titles and signatures are below, may act on behalf of Borrower:        

Name  
    
   Title  
    
   Signature  

Authorized to Add or Remove Signatories   

R ESOLVED  F URTHER ,  that  any one  of the persons designated above
with a checked box beside his or her name may, from time to time, add or remove any individuals to and from the above list of persons authorized to act on behalf of Borrower.    
  R ESOLVED  F URTHER ,  that such individuals may, on behalf of Borrower:    
  Borrow Money . Borrow money from the Lenders.    
  Execute Loan Documents . Execute any loan documents any Lender requires.     
  Grant Security . Grant Collateral Agent a security interest in any of Borrower s assets.    
  Negotiate Items . Negotiate or discount all drafts, trade acceptances, promissory notes, or other indebtedness in which Borrower has an
interest and receive cash or otherwise use the proceeds.       Further Acts . Designate other individuals to request advances, pay
fees and costs and execute other documents or agreements (including documents or agreement that waive Borrower s right to a jury trial) they believe to be necessary to effectuate such resolutions.    
  R ESOLVED  F URTHER ,  that all acts authorized by the above resolutions and any prior acts relating thereto
are ratified.           [   Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank   ]       

5. The persons listed above are Borrower s officers or employees with their titles and signatures shown next
to their names.       

By:                                    

Name:                                    

Title:                                    

***  
  If the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other certifying officer executing above is designated by the resolutions set forth in paragraph 4 as one of the authorized signing officers, this Certificate must also be
signed by a second authorized officer or director of Borrower.       I, the
                                          
of Borrower, hereby certify as to paragraphs 1 through 5 above, as  
                           
              [print title]    of the date set forth above.  

By:                                    

Name:                                    

Title:                                    

EXHIBIT A   
   Certificate of Incorporation (including amendments)    
 [see attached]  

EXHIBIT B   
   Bylaws       [see
attached]   

DEBTOR:  
    
  DURECT CORPORATION   
 
  SECURED PARTY:  
    
  OXFORD FINANCE LLC,   

as Collateral Agent   
    EXHIBIT A TO UCC FINANCING STATEMENT   
   Description of Collateral      The
Collateral consists of all of Debtor s right, title and interest in and to the following personal property:    All goods, Accounts
(including  health-care  receivables), Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements, franchise agreements, General Intangibles (except as noted below),
commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts and other Collateral Accounts, all certificates of deposit, fixtures, letters of credit rights
(whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and  
 All Borrower s Books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions
for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral does not include (i) more than sixty five percent (65%) of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote the shares of capital stock (the  Shares ) of any Foreign Subsidiary, if Debtor demonstrates to Secured Party s reasonable satisfaction that a pledge of more than sixty five percent
(65%) of the Shares of such Subsidiary creates a present and existing adverse tax consequence to Debtor under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code; and (ii) any Intellectual Property; provided, however, the Collateral shall include all Accounts
and all proceeds of Intellectual Property. If a judicial authority (including a U.S. Bankruptcy Court) would hold that a security interest in the underlying Intellectual Property is necessary to have a security interest in such Accounts and such
property that are proceeds of Intellectual Property, then the Collateral shall automatically, and effective as of the Effective Date, include the Intellectual Property to the extent necessary to permit perfection of Collateral Agent s security
interest in such Accounts and such other property of Debtor that are proceeds of the Intellectual Property.    Pursuant to the terms of a
certain negative pledge arrangement with Collateral Agent and the Lenders, Debtor has agreed not to encumber any of its Intellectual Property.  
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed in the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of California
as in effect from time to time (the  Code ) or, if not defined in the Code, then in the Loan and Security Agreement by and between Debtor, Secured Party and the other Lenders party thereto (as modified, amended and/or restated from time to
time).  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d259942dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Rule 13a-14(a) Section 302 Certification   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, James E. Brown, certify that:  

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of DURECT Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 November 1, 2016      

/S/ J AMES  E. B ROWN    
 
  James E. Brown   
 
  Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d259942dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Rule 13a-14(a) Section 302 Certification   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Matthew J. Hogan, certify that:  

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of DURECT Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 November 1, 2016      

/S/ M ATTHEW  J. H OGAN    
 
  Matthew J. Hogan   
 
    Chief Financial Officer and  
  Principal Accounting Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d259942dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of DURECT Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James E. Brown, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    
 November 1, 2016       

/ S / J AMES  E. B ROWN    
 
  James E. Brown   
 
  Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d259942dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of DURECT Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Matthew J. Hogan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to
  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    
 November 1, 2016       

/ S / M ATTHEW  J. H OGAN    
 
  Matthew J. Hogan   
 
  Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 drrx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 drrx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 drrx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 drrx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 drrx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 drrx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

