<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_707388_0000707388-16-000084_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5983420</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112046</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>314297</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2031752</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2497042</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>916882</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000707388-16-000084.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031154404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000707388-16-000084
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DIGIRAD CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000707388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				330145723
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35947
		FILM NUMBER:		161961541

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1048 INDUSTRIAL COURT
		CITY:			SUWANEE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 726-1600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13100 GREGG STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			POWAY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92064

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000707388-16-000084.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 drad-9302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
    
  __________________________________  
  FORM 10-Q 
     __________________________________ 
  (Mark One) 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
        
    FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM              TO              

Commission file number: 001-35947 
  __________________________________  
  
  Digirad Corporation 
    
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  __________________________________  

(858) 726-1600 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).       Yes No     
  As of October 31, 2016 the registrant had 19,679,640 shares of Common Stock ($0.0001 par value) outstanding. 

DIGIRAD CORPORATION 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                 IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    3 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    4 
       Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    4 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    19 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    28 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    28 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
    30 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    30 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    30 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    30 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    30 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    30 
       Item 5. Other Information  
    30 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    31 
      EXHIBIT 31.1 
      
      EXHIBIT 31.2 
      
      EXHIBIT 32.1 
      
      EXHIBIT 32.2 
      
      EXHIBIT 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 
      
      EXHIBIT 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      
      EXHIBIT 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      
      EXHIBIT 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      
      EXHIBIT 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
      
      EXHIBIT 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

2 

Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
  Portions of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (including information incorporated by reference) include  forward-looking statements  based on our current beliefs, expectations, and projections regarding our business strategies, market potential, future financial performance, industry, and other matters. This includes, in particular,  Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as other portions of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The words  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   project,   could,   would,  and similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward-looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated, or implied in the forward-looking statements. The most significant of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in  Item 1A   Risk Factors  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2016. Except to the limited extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  
  
   3 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
           ITEM 1.   
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
      
  DIGIRAD CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS  
  OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (Unaudited)   

  See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

DIGIRAD CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited)      

  See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

DIGIRAD CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited)    

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

DIGIRAD CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  Note 1. The Company 
  Digirad delivers convenient, effective, and efficient healthcare solutions on an as needed, when needed, and where needed basis. Digirad's diverse portfolio of mobile healthcare solutions and medical equipment and services, including diagnostic imaging and patient monitoring, provides hospitals, physician practices, and imaging centers throughout the United States access to technology and services necessary to provide exceptional patient care in the rapidly changing healthcare environment. 
  On January 1, 2016, we acquired Project Rendezvous Holding Corporation, the holding company of DMS Health Technologies.  DMS Health Technologies ( DMS Health ) offers mobile diagnostic imaging across multiple imaging modalities, including Positron Emission Tomography ( PET ), Computed Tomography ( CT ), Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) as well as other imaging and healthcare services.  These services are provided to regional and rural hospitals and institutions throughout the United States.  In addition, DMS Health, through an exclusive relationship with Philips Healthcare, sells and services Philips' imaging and patient monitoring equipment within a defined region of the upper Midwest region of the United States.  
  With the acquisition of DMS Health, we now operate the Company in   four   reportable segments: 
  1.  Diagnostic Services 
  2.  Diagnostic Imaging 
  3.  Mobile Healthcare 
  4.  Medical Device Sales and Service 
  These four reportable segments are collectively referred to herein as the  Company.  See Note 11 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for more information related to the Company's segments. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the operations of all reportable segments. Intercompany accounts and transactions are accounted for at cost and have been eliminated in consolidation. All our long-lived assets are located in the United States and substantially all of our revenues arise from sales in the United States.  
  Basis of Presentation 
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") instructions for Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Accordingly, the condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited and do not contain all the information required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") to be included in a full set of financial statements. The unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet at   December 31, 2015   has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for a complete set of financial statements. The audited consolidated financial statements for our fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the SEC on Form 10-K on March 1, 2016, include a summary of our significant accounting policies and should be read in conjunction with this Form 10-Q. In the opinion of management, all material adjustments necessary to present fairly the results of operations, cash flows, and balance sheets for such periods have been included in this Form 10-Q. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for the entire year.  
  Preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. By their nature, estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Actual results could differ from management s estimates. 
  The financial results for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   include the financial results of DMS Health. See Note 3 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for more information related to the acquisition of DMS Health. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued new guidance related to the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The pronouncement provides clarification guidance on eight specific cash flow presentation issues that have developed due to diversity in practice. The issues include, but are not limited to, debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, and cash receipts from payments on beneficial interests in securitization transactions. The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, of adopting this guidance on our financial statements.  
  In June 2016, the FASB issued new guidance that changes the accounting for recognizing impairments of financial assets. Under the new guidance, credit losses for certain types of financial instruments will be estimated based on expected losses. The new guidance also modifies the impairment models for available-for-sale debt securities and for purchased financial assets with  
  
   7 

credit deterioration since their origination. This guidance will be effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted beginning for periods after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact of the guidance on our financial statements.  
  In March 2016, the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. This update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. This guidance will be applied either prospectively, retrospectively, or using a modified retrospective transition method, depending on the area covered in this update. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the alternative transition methods and the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on our financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for the accounting for leases. The amendments are based on the principle that assets and liabilities arising from leases should be recognized within the financial statements. The Company is required to adopt the amendments beginning in 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments must be applied using a modified retrospective transition approach and the FASB decided not to permit a full retrospective transition approach. We are currently evaluating the impact these amendments will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In January 2016, the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for the accounting for financial instruments. The amendments require equity investments, with certain exceptions, to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The new standard is effective prospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, of adopting this guidance on our financial statements.  
  In September 2015, the FASB issued guidance which eliminates the requirement for an acquirer to retrospectively adjust provisional amounts recorded in a business combination to reflect new information about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and that, if known, would have affected measurement or recognition of amounts initially recognized. As an alternative, the amendment requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments require that the acquirer record, in the financial statements of the period in which adjustments to provisional amounts are determined, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The new standard is effective prospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2016 and this guidance was applied to the manner in which adjustments to provisional amounts in the DMS Health acquisition have been recognized (See Note 3). 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance that amends the guidelines for the measurement of inventory from lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value ("NRV"). NRV is defined as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Under existing standards, inventory is measured at lower of cost or market, which requires the consideration of replacement cost, NRV, and NRV less an amount that approximates a normal profit margin. This ASU eliminates the requirement to determine and consider replacement cost or NRV less an approximately normal profit margin for inventory measurement. The new standard is effective prospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, of adopting this guidance on our financial statements.  
  In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability rather than as an asset. The update requires retrospective application and represents a change in accounting principle. The guidance does not specifically address requirements for the presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance clarifying that debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements could be presented as an asset and amortized over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of 2016 for the presentation of our debt issuance costs incurred in connection with our new credit facility entered into on January 1, 2016 (See Note 8).  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance that outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers which supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The guidance provides that an entity recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The guidance allows for either full retrospective or modified retrospective adoption and is currently scheduled to become effective for us in the first quarter of 2018. We are currently evaluating the alternative transition methods and the potential effects of the adoption of this guidance on our financial statements. 
   
  Note 2. Basic and Diluted Net Income Per Share 
  For the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , basic net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and vested restricted stock units outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per common share is calculated to give effect to all dilutive securities, if applicable, using the treasury stock method.  
  The following table sets forth the reconciliation of shares used to compute basic and diluted net income per share for the periods indicated: 

The following weighted average outstanding common stock equivalents were not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share because their effect was anti-dilutive: 

Note 3. Acquisitions  
  DMS Health Technologies   (2016) 
  On January 1, 2016, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2015 and as amended on December 31, 2015 and June 7, 2016 (the  Purchase Agreement ), we completed the acquisition of all issued and outstanding stock of Project Rendezvous Holding Corporation ("PRHC"), the ultimate parent company of DMS Health Technologies (collectively referred to hereinafter as "DMS Health Technologies" or "DMS Health"). DMS Health Technologies offers mobile diagnostic imaging across multiple imaging modalities as well as other imaging and healthcare services.  These services are provided to regional and rural hospitals and institutions throughout the United States.  In addition, DMS Health, through an exclusive relationship with Philips Healthcare, sells and services Philips' imaging and patient monitoring equipment within a defined region of the upper Midwest region of the United States. With the addition of DMS Health, we added two new reportable segments to Digirad: Mobile Healthcare and Medical Device Sales and Service.  
  The preliminary aggregate purchase price paid at closing was approximately   $32.9 million  , which included adjustments for pre-existing debt, cash and preliminary working capital adjustments.  In June 2016, we agreed on the final working capital adjustment as outlined in the Purchase Agreement.  As a result of the settlement, we received proceeds of   $0.6 million   which was recorded as a reduction to goodwill in the second quarter of 2016.  The adjusted preliminary purchase price after settlement of the working capital adjustment was   $32.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , which consisted of the following:  

8 

Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company paid   $1.6 million   to settle DMS Health's pre-existing employee stock award plan which included a provision for the acceleration of vesting of awards under certain circumstances in connection with a change in control. The amount paid was associated with pre-combination services and included as a component of the purchase price reflected in the table above.  
  The acquisition was funded with a combination of cash-on-hand and the financing made available under the credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as further described in Note 8 of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. At closing, we also paid $  9.4 million   for long-term debt outstanding on DMS Health's balance sheet, which was recognized separately from the business combination and presented as a financing activity in the statement of cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, we incurred transaction and integration related costs of $  1.7 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively, and   $3.1 million   cumulative to date. These costs are classified as general and administrative expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
  The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. The allocations of the purchase price below represent the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based upon the information available as of   September 30, 2016  . These estimates could be adjusted during the measurement period of up to twelve months based on further information regarding events or circumstances which existed at the acquisition date.  Such changes could be significant.  
  The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price to the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the closing date:  

(1)         Includes amounts payable to former PRHC stockholders related to tax refund receivables under the terms of the Purchase Agreement.  
  During the second quarter of 2016, in addition to the working capital settlement adjustment of   $0.6 million   recorded as a reduction to goodwill, the Company adjusted amounts related to the valuation of property and equipment that was recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. Such adjustments resulted in a net decrease of   $0.2 million   in property and equipment.  Depreciation expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was decreased by less than   $0.1 million   to reflect the effect on earnings as a result of the change to the provisional amounts recognized.  
  Intangible assets are recorded at estimated fair value, as determined by management based on available information which includes a preliminary valuation prepared by an independent third party. The fair values assigned to identifiable intangible assets were determined through the use of the income approach. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible asset values included management s preliminary estimates of future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate rate of return as well as projected customer attrition rates. The useful lives for intangible assets were determined based upon the remaining useful economic lives of the intangible assets that are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows. 

9 

The following table summarizes the fair value of acquired identifiable intangible assets as of the acquisition date: 

The goodwill arising from the acquisition relates to the synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the operations of Digirad and DMS Health.  The goodwill will be allocated to our Mobile Healthcare and Medical Device Sales and Service segments upon finalization of the purchase price allocation and will not be deductible for federal and state tax reporting purposes.   
  DMS Health's operating results were included in the Company's consolidated results of operations beginning on January 1, 2016.  Revenues and operating income for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   include revenues and operating income attributable to DMS Health of   $48.1 million   and   $2.0 million  , respectively.   
  The following table represents the unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 as if the acquisition of DMS Health operations had occurred as of January 1, 2015.  

The pro forma information has been adjusted to eliminate acquisition-related costs of $  1.7 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively, during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. The income tax benefit of   $12.1 million   related to the release of valuation allowance as a result of the acquisition (See Note 10) has also been excluded to give effect to pro forma results that are expected to have a continuing impact on the combined results.  
  The pro forma information for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   also include primarily adjustments for depreciation related to the fair value of property and equipment acquired, amortization expense related to acquired intangibles, and additional interest expense associated with the Company's financing arrangements relating to this acquisition.  
  The pro forma supplemental information is for informational purposes only, and is not necessarily indicative of what the combined company s results actually would have been had the acquisition been completed as of the beginning of the periods as indicated. In addition, the pro forma supplemental information does not purport to project the future results of the combined company. 
  MD Office Solutions   (2015) 
  On March 5, 2015, we entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the "Merger Agreement") to acquire MD Office Solutions ("MD Office"). MD Office is a provider of in-office nuclear cardiology imaging in the northern and central California regions. The acquisition expands the geographical region in which we are able to provide our in-office nuclear cardiology imaging services.  
  Total consideration related to the Merger Agreement paid to the sellers was   610,000   shares of common stock of Digirad Corporation, with a total value at closing of   $2.7 million  .  The Company issued new shares for the consideration.  In addition, there is an earn-out opportunity of up to   $0.4 million   in cash over approximately three years based on the MD Office business meeting certain earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") milestones. The sellers will receive   fifty percent   of the EBITDA generated by the MD Office business in excess of the EBITDA milestone amounts, which are   $0.7 million   for each of the annual periods ending December 31, 2015, 2016, and 2017, with the target for 2015 being prorated based on the close date.   
  At   September 30, 2016  , we have estimated the fair value of the contingent earn-out opportunity to be   $0.1 million  . The earn-out opportunity is estimated based on the expected performance of the business over the period from the acquisition date through  
  
   10 

December 31, 2017, utilizing an income approach. It is reasonably possible that our estimate of the earn-out potential could change in the near term. Any adjustment in the estimated earn-out opportunity until settled will be recorded as a gain or loss to current operations in the period the estimate changes. 
  The below tables display estimated pro forma results for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   had the business acquisition been completed as of January 1, 2014. In deriving the pro forma results, we utilized the historical operating results of MD Office and adjusted for the impact of the purchase accounting and transaction costs as if the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2014. 

Included within our consolidated operating results for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   are MD Office operations for the period March 6, 2015 through   September 30, 2015   as follows: 

Included within the results for MD Office for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   is approximately   $0.2 million   of transaction costs related to the acquisition.  These costs are classified as general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
   
  Note 4. Inventories 
  Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market (net realizable value) and we review inventory balances for excess and obsolete inventory levels on a quarterly basis. The components of inventory are as follows:  

Note 5. Property and Equipment 
    
  Property and equipment consists of the following:  

11 

Note 6. Intangibles and Goodwill 
  Intangibles and goodwill consists of the following:  

(2) 
    As a result of our acquisition of DMS Health Technologies on January 1, 2016, we recorded certain intangible assets (See Note 3). 

12 

Note 7. Financial Instruments 
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis.  
  The following table presents information about our financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques we utilize to determine such fair value at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

The fair value of our corporate debt securities is determined using proprietary valuation models and analytical tools. These valuation models and analytical tools use market pricing or prices for similar instruments that are both objective and publicly available, including matrix pricing or reported trades, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, and/or offers. We did not reclassify any investments between levels in the fair value hierarchy during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Equity securities consist of shares of Perma-Fix Medical S.A. ("Perma-Fix Medical") a publicly traded company listed on the NewConnect market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange. Fair value of the Perma-Fix Medical investment is based on the closing price observed on   September 30, 2016  .  
  The acquisition related contingent consideration is related to our acquisition of Telerhythmics on March 13, 2014 and acquisition of MD Office on March 5, 2015 (See Note 3).  We reassess the fair value of the contingent consideration to be settled in cash related to our acquisitions of Telerhythmics and MD Office on a quarterly basis using the income approach, which is a Level 3 measurement.  Significant assumptions used in the measurement include probabilities of achieving the EBITDA milestones. 
  Changes in estimated fair value of contingent consideration liabilities from December 31, 2015 to   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands): 

The fair values of the Company's term loans and revolving credit facility approximate carrying value due to the variable rate nature of these instruments. 
  
   13 

Securities Available-for-Sale 
  Securities available-for-sale primarily consist of investment grade corporate debt securities. In addition, we own shares of common stock issued by Perma-Fix Medical, a publicly traded company on the NewConnect market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange. We classify all debt securities as available-for-sale and as current assets, as the sale of such securities may be required prior to maturity to execute management strategies. The Perma-Fix Medical equity securities are classified as an other asset (non-current), as the investment is strategic in nature and our current intent is to hold the investment over a several year period. Securities available-for-sale are carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders' equity until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis.  
  It is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell investments before recovery of their amortized costs. Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related security as an adjustment to yield using the straight-line method and included in interest income. Interest income is recognized when earned. Realized gains and losses on investments in securities are included in other expense, net within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). The realized gains and losses on these sales were minimal for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is determined to be other than temporary will result in an impairment charge to earnings and a new cost basis for the security is established.  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized an other-than-temporary impairment charge of   $0.4 million  , reflecting the write-down of this investment to its fair market value of approximately   $0.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  . The Company reviewed various factors in making its determination, including the duration in the decline of value and volatility of the Perma-Fix Medical stock price.  While the Company has the intent and ability to hold this investment, there is no indication that the Perma-Fix Medical stock price will rise above the Company's adjusted cost basis within the foreseeable future. The loss is included as a component in other expense, net in the unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).  
  The following table sets forth the composition of securities available-for-sale as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Note 8. Debt 
  On January 1, 2016, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) by and among the Company, and the subsidiaries of the Company, and the lenders party thereto (the  Lenders ), with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ( Wells Fargo ) as administrative agent. The Credit Agreement is a   five  -year credit facility, maturing on January 1, 2021, with a maximum credit amount of   $40.0 million   (the  Credit Facility ). It consisted of a term loan of   $20.0 million   ( Term Loan A ), a second term loan of   $7.5 million   ( Term Loan B ), and a revolving credit facility with a maximum commitment of   $12.5 million   (the  Revolver ).  Commitments under Term Loan A and the Revolver are subject to underlying eligible assets of the Company.  In the case of the Term Loan A, underlying property, plant and equipment, and in the case of the Revolver, eligible accounts receivable and inventory, all as defined in the Credit Agreement. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $5.3 million   available under our revolving credit facility.   
  At the Company s option, the Credit Facility will bear interest at a floating rate of either (i) the LIBOR Rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus an applicable margin depending on the borrowing type as follows:   2.5%   for Term Loan A;   5.0%   for  
  
   14 

Term Loan B; and   2.0%   for the Revolver; or (ii) the Base Rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus an applicable margin depending on the borrowing type as follows:   1.5%   for Term Loan A;   4.0%   for Term Loan B; and   1.0%   for the Revolver. As further defined in the Credit Agreement,  Base Rate  means the greatest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus   0.5%  , (b) the LIBOR Rate (which rate will be calculated based upon an interest period of one month and will be determined on a daily basis), plus   1.0%  , and (c) the rate of interest announced, from time to time, within Wells Fargo at its principal office in San Francisco as its  prime rate.   In addition to interest on outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility, the Revolver bears an unused line fee of   0.25%  , which is presented as interest expense. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the total outstanding borrowings on the Credit Agreement, net of associated deferred financing costs, was as follows: 

Total interest expense associated with the Credit Facility for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $0.3 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively. 
  The Credit Agreement contains certain representations, warranties, events of default, mandatory prepayment requirements, as well as certain affirmative and negative covenants customary for Credit Agreements of this type. These covenants include restrictions on borrowings, investments, and divestitures, as well as limitations on the Company s ability to make certain restricted payments, including payment of dividends. These restrictions do not prevent or prohibit the payment of dividends by the Company consistent with past practice, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. Further, the Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain certain restricted cash, cash equivalents, and securities available-for-sale balances, at various decreasing levels through January 1, 2018, as cash collateral under the agreement.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was required to maintain $  4.0 million   as cash collateral, consisting of $  2.7 million   which has been classified as long-term restricted cash and   $1.3 million   as available for-sale securities in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
  The Company is permitted to make voluntary prepayments on amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement at any time, in whole or in part, without penalty unless in connection with the full repayment of all amounts owed under the Credit Agreement.  In the event that the Company fully repays all obligations and terminates the Credit Agreement prior to January 1, 2017, the Company shall be required to pay a prepayment penalty in the amount equal to   1.0%   times the maximum credit amount of the Credit Agreement. After January 2, 2017, the Company shall not be required to pay a prepayment penalty. Furthermore, the Company shall be required to prepay amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement in the event that the Company receives cash flows in excess of specified percentages upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the sale or disposition of assets or other property, legal judgments or settlements, sale of equity, and other payments received not in the ordinary course of business.  
  Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default under the Credit Agreement, the Lenders may, among other things, declare the loans and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement immediately due and payable and increase the interest rate at which loans and obligations under the Credit Agreement bear interest. If an event of default occurs related to the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, the loans and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement shall automatically become due and payable.  The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Pursuant to a separate Guaranty and Security Agreement dated January 1, 2016, between the Company, its subsidiaries and Wells Fargo, the Credit Facility is secured by a first-priority security interest on substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries and a pledge of all shares and membership interests of the Company s subsidiaries.   
  
   15 

Debt maturities.    As of   September 30, 2016  , maturities of long-term obligations for the next five years and thereafter are as follows: 

Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Leases 
  We currently lease facilities and certain automotive equipment under non-cancelable operating leases expiring from December 14, 2016 through November 30, 2021. Rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease term and those renewal periods that are reasonably assured as determined at lease inception. The difference between rent expense and rent paid is recorded as deferred rent and is included in other liabilities. Rent expense was approximately   $0.9 million   for each of the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we financed certain information technology and medical equipment and vehicles under capital leases. These obligations are secured by the specific equipment financed under each lease and will be repaid monthly over the remaining lease terms through July 31, 2020. 
  The future minimum lease payments due under both non-cancelable operating leases and capital leases having initial or remaining lease terms in excess of one year as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands): 

Other matters.   In the normal course of business, we have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to litigation or administrative proceedings incidental to our business, such as claims related to customer disputes, employment practices, wage and hour disputes, product liability, professional liability, commercial disputes, licensure restrictions or denials, and warranty or patent infringement. Responding to litigation or administrative proceedings, regardless of whether they have merit, can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. We are not able to predict the timing or outcome of these matters.  
   
  Note 10. Income Taxes 
    
  We provide for income taxes under the asset and liability method. This approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the tax basis of assets or liabilities and their carrying  
  
   16 

amounts in the financial statements. We provide a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will expire before we are able to realize their benefit. We calculate the valuation allowance in accordance with the authoritative guidance relating to income taxes, which requires an assessment of both positive and negative evidence regarding the realizability of these deferred tax assets, when measuring the need for a valuation allowance.  Significant judgment is required in determining any valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. Previously, as of December 31, 2015, we had established a valuation allowance against a portion of our deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance was provided against deferred tax assets that were projected to expire before being utilized. As a result of the acquisition of DMS Health Technologies on January 1, 2016 (See Note 3), the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that additional deferred tax assets will be realized due to the increases in the Company's forecasted taxable income.   
    
  The Company projects to realize approximately   $13.0 million   of additional deferred tax assets as a result of forecasted future income and the reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities.  Approximately   $12.1 million   of the valuation allowance release was recorded as a discrete income tax benefit in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The remaining   $0.9 million   of income tax benefit associated with the valuation allowance release will be recorded in 2016 ratably as income is generated throughout the year.  The release of the valuation allowance will not affect the amount of cash paid for income taxes. We will continue to maintain a valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets that are projected to expire before being utilized. We will reassess the ability to realize the deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. If it is more likely than not that we will not realize the recognized deferred tax assets, then all or a portion of the valuation allowance may need to be re-established, which would result in a charge to tax expense. Conversely if new events indicate that it is more likely than not that we will realize additional deferred tax assets, then all or a portion of the remaining valuation allowance may be released, which would result in a tax benefit.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had unrecognized tax benefits of approximately   $4.1 million   related to uncertain tax positions. Included in the unrecognized tax benefits were   $3.4 million   of tax benefits that, if recognized, would reduce our annual effective tax rate, subject to the valuation allowance. 
    
  We file income tax returns in the US and in various state jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. We are no longer subject to income tax examination by tax authorities for years prior to 2011; however, our net operating loss and research credit carryovers arising prior to that year are subject to adjustment. It is our policy to recognize interest expense and penalties related to uncertain income tax matters as a component of income tax expense. 
   
  Note 11. Segments  
  On January 1, 2016, we acquired DMS Health. With the acquisition of DMS Health, we now operate the Company in   four   reportable segments: 
  1.  Diagnostic Services 
  2.  Diagnostic Imaging 
  3.  Mobile Healthcare 
  4.  Medical Device Sales and Service 
  Diagnostic Services.     Through Diagnostic Services, we offer a convenient and economically efficient imaging and monitoring services program as an alternative to purchasing equipment or outsourcing the procedures to another physician or imaging center. For physicians who wish to perform nuclear imaging, echocardiography, vascular or general ultrasound tests, we provide the ability for them to engage our services, which includes the use of our imaging system, qualified personnel, and related items required to perform imaging in their own offices and bill Medicare, Medicaid, or one of the third-party healthcare insurers directly for those services. These services are primarily provided to smaller cardiology and related physician practice customers, though we do provide some services to hospital systems. 
  Diagnostic Imaging.   Through Diagnostic Imaging, we sell our internally developed solid-state gamma cameras and camera maintenance contracts. Our systems include nuclear cardiac imaging and general purposes nuclear imaging as well. We sell our imaging systems to physician offices and hospitals primarily in the United States, although we have sold a small number of imaging systems internationally. 
  Mobile Healthcare.   Through our Mobile Healthcare business unit, we provide outsourced diagnostic imaging, including PET, CT, MRI, and healthcare expertise to hospitals, integrated delivery networks ( IDNs ), and federal institutions on a long-term contract basis, but can also provide provisional services to institutions that are in transition.  These services are provided primarily when there is a cost, ease and efficiency component of providing the services directly rather than owning and operating the related services and equipment directly by our customers. 
  Medical Device Sales and Service.   Through Medical Device Sales and Service, we provide outsourced sales and service efforts with our exclusive contract with Philips Healthcare within a defined region in the upper Midwest region of the United States.  We primarily sell Philips branded imaging and patient monitoring systems, and collect a commission on these sales, though we never  
  
   17 

take title to the underlying equipment.  We also warranty and service certain Philips equipment within this territory related to equipment we have sold or other equipment sold in the territory. 
  Our reporting segments have been determined based on the nature of the products and/or services offered to customers or the nature of their function in the organization. We evaluate performance based on the gross profit and operating income (loss) by each segment.  Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, the definition of our segment operating income excludes transaction and integration costs of DMS Health Technologies.  Prior periods have been recast to retroactively reflect this change.  The Company does not identify or allocate its assets by operating segments. 

(1)    Includes transaction and integration costs associated with the DMS Health acquisition.  

Note 12. Subsequent Events 
    On October 28, 2016, the Company announced a cash dividend of   $0.05   per share payable on November 28, 2016 to shareholders of record on November 17, 2016.  
  
   18 

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ( MD A ), contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see  Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks, and assumptions that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and the other disclosures contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  , which were included in our Form 10-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on March 1, 2016.  
  The results of operations for the periods reflected herein are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for future periods.  
  Overview 
  Digirad delivers convenient, effective, and efficient healthcare solutions on an as needed, when needed, and where needed basis. Digirad's diverse portfolio of mobile healthcare solutions and medical equipment and services, including diagnostic imaging and patient monitoring, provides hospitals, physician practices, and imaging centers throughout the United States access to technology and services necessary to provide exceptional patient care in the rapidly changing healthcare environment. 
  Strategy 
  For many years since our Initial Public Offering in 2004, we focused significant efforts on research and development activities to develop and further enhance our nuclear imaging cameras, primarily for alternative uses within the healthcare environment.  These efforts, along with a fixed infrastructure that was sized for a much higher volume of manufacturing and sales of our nuclear imaging cameras than we had experienced, resulted in several years of financial losses. On February 28, 2013, we announced a plan to restructure our Diagnostic Imaging business to significantly reduce costs and improve profitability (the "Diagnostic Imaging restructuring initiative"). The Diagnostic Imaging restructuring initiative involved a reduction in force focused on manufacturing, research and development, and administrative personnel. In addition, we entered into an agreement in September 2013 with a third party to outsource the majority of the manufacturing associated with our cameras. All restructuring efforts associated with this initiative were complete as of June 30, 2014. Further, on January 27, 2014, we entered into a termination agreement to end the lease on our 47,000 square foot former headquarters facility in Poway, California (the  Facilities restructuring initiative ) and moved our Diagnostic Imaging operations into a separate 21,300 square foot facility. All restructuring efforts associated with the Facilities restructuring initiative were complete as of December 31, 2014. We believe that our cameras have underlying technology and related patents that make them relevant for many years into the future, negating the need for a fixed cost research and development infrastructure. 
  Our main strategic focus as the Company moves into the future is to grow the Company into an integrated healthcare services company that addresses the rapidly changing healthcare environment. We believe that there are many opportunities to provide outsourced and mobile healthcare services and solutions in the current healthcare environment.  We believe this strategy will be accomplished by: 
  1.  Focused organic growth on our core businesses; 
  2.  Introducing new service offerings through our existing businesses or through acquisition; and  
  3.  Acquisition of similar or complimentary healthcare service companies. 
  Recent Acquisitions 
  On March 13, 2014, we acquired Telerhythmics, LLC ("Telerhythmics"), which broadened our suite of service offerings provided through the Diagnostic Services segment, enabling the provision of outsourced cardiac event monitoring services. Providing these services offers flexibility and convenience to our customers who do not have to incur the costs of staffing, equipment, and logistics to monitor patients as part of their standard of care. Our cardiac event monitoring services are provided primarily through an independent diagnostic testing facility model which allows us to bill Medicare, Medicaid, or one of the third-party healthcare insurers directly for services provided. As such, our cardiac event monitoring services are subject to reimbursements from Medicare, Medicaid, and third-party insurers which are subject to change on a periodic basis. Our cardiac event monitoring services are mainly provided to physician practices and hospitals. 
  On March 5, 2015, we acquired MD Office Solutions ("MD Office"), a provider of in-office nuclear cardiology imaging in the northern and central California regions, which broadened our footprint in California and was incorporated into our Diagnostic Services segment. 
  
   19 

On January 1, 2016, we acquired Project Rendezvous Holding Corporation, the holding company of DMS Health Technologies.  DMS Health Technologies ( DMS Health ) offers mobile diagnostic imaging across multiple imaging modalities, including Positron Emission Tomography ( PET ), Computed Tomography ( CT ), Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) as well as other imaging and healthcare services.  These services are provided to regional and rural hospitals and institutions throughout the United States.  In addition, DMS Health, through an exclusive relationship with Philips Healthcare, services and sells Philips' imaging and patient monitoring equipment within a defined region of the upper Midwest region of the United States. With the addition of DMS Health, we added two new reportable segments to Digirad: Mobile Healthcare and Medical Device Sales and Service. Further, the addition of DMS is expected to approximately double the revenue of the Company from the 2015 levels, as well as have a significant impact on all major categories of our financial statements. 
  Business Segments 
  With the acquisition of DMS Health, we now operate the Company in four reportable segments: 
  1.  Diagnostic Services 
  2.  Diagnostic Imaging 
  3.  Mobile Healthcare 
  4.  Medical Device Sales and Service 
  Diagnostic Services.     Through Diagnostic Services, we offer a convenient and economically efficient imaging and monitoring services program as an alternative to purchasing equipment or outsourcing the procedures to another physician or imaging center. For physicians who wish to perform nuclear imaging, echocardiography, vascular or general ultrasound tests, we provide the ability for them to engage our services, which includes the use of our imaging system, qualified personnel, and related items required to perform imaging in their own offices and bill Medicare, Medicaid, or one of the third-party healthcare insurers directly for those services. These services are primarily provided to smaller cardiology and related physician practice customers, though we do provide some services to hospital systems. 
  Diagnostic Imaging.   Through Diagnostic Imaging, we sell our internally developed solid-state gamma cameras and camera maintenance contracts. Our systems include nuclear cardiac imaging and general purposes nuclear imaging as well. We sell our imaging systems to physician offices and hospitals primarily in the United States, although we have sold a small number of imaging systems internationally. 
  Mobile Healthcare.   Through our Mobile Healthcare business unit, we provide outsourced diagnostic imaging, including PET, CT, MRI, and healthcare expertise to hospitals, integrated delivery networks ( IDNs ), and federal institutions on a long-term contract basis, but can also provide provisional services to institutions that are in transition.  These services are provided primarily when there is a cost, ease and efficiency component of providing the services directly rather than owning and operating the related services and equipment directly by our customers. 
  Medical Device Sales and Service.   Through Medical Device Sales and Service, we provide outsourced sales and service efforts with our exclusive contract with Philips Healthcare within a defined region in the upper Midwest region of the United States.  We primarily sell Philips branded imaging and patient monitoring systems, and collect a commission on these sales, though we never take title to the underlying equipment.  We also warranty and service certain Philips equipment within this territory related to equipment we have sold or other equipment sold in the territory. 
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
  In preparing our financial statements, we make estimates, assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on our revenue and net income or loss, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our balance sheet. We believe that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in the accounting policies described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements, so we consider them to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. We believe that there were no significant changes in those critical accounting policies and estimates during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

20 

Results of Operations 
  The following tables set forth our results from operations for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :    

21 

In the context of results of operations discussions, the reportable segments Diagnostic Services and Mobile Healthcare are considered "Services," and Diagnostic Imaging and Medical Device Sales and Service are considered "Product and Product-Related." All results for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   include the associated revenues and expenses related to the DMS Health acquisition since January 1, 2016. 
  Comparison of the   Three Months Ended September 30,     2016   and   2015    
  Revenues 
  Consolidated.   Consolidated revenue was   $31.1 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $15.2 million  , or   96.0%   compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to the acquisition of DMS Health, which occurred on January 1, 2016. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, revenue decreased   $1.1 million   due to a decrease in revenue in our Diagnostic Imaging segment compared to the prior year quarter. Our Diagnostic Imaging revenue decreased primarily due to a decrease in the number of cameras sold and lower revenue associated with camera maintenance contracts. The decrease in our Diagnostic Imaging segment was partially offset by an increase in our Diagnostic Services segment revenue. In the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our Diagnostic Services segment experienced higher volume of imaging days ran from both new and existing customers as compared to the prior year quarter, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from our Telerhythmics business.  
  Including the acquisition of DMS Health, services revenue accounted for   76.6%   of total revenues for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   75.5%   for the prior year quarter. We expect our Services revenue to continue to represent the larger percentage of our consolidated revenue; however, the percentage will fluctuate quarter by quarter given the significant variability in the timing and volume of product sales associated with our Diagnostic Imaging and Medical Device Sales and Service segments. 
  
   22 

Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
  Consolidated.   Consolidated gross profit was   $8.3 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $3.5 million  , or   72.9%  , compared to the prior year quarter primarily due to the acquisition of DMS Health. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, consolidated gross profit decreased   $1.1 million   driven by a fewer number of cameras sold, lower revenue associated with camera maintenance contracts, and a decrease in the average mobile imaging rate per day, partially offset by a greater number of imaging days provided. Consolidated gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased to   26.7%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   30.3%   for the prior year quarter. This decrease in gross profit percentage was primarily due to the relative lower gross profit percentage associated with our new Mobile Healthcare segment from the acquisition of DMS Health, as well as unfavorability in our Diagnostic Services and Diagnostic Imaging segments.  
  Services  . Cost of Services revenue primarily consists of labor, equipment depreciation, radiopharmaceuticals, and other costs associated with the provision of services within our Diagnostic Services and Mobile Healthcare segments. Cost of Services revenue was   $19.1 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $9.9 million  , or   107.7%  , compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to the acquisition of DMS Health. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, cost of Services revenue increased   $0.4 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year quarter, primarily as a result of the increased amount of imaging days provided. Services gross profit was   $4.7 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.9 million  , or   69.5%  , compared to the prior year quarter, primarily as a result of the DMS Health acquisition, as well as increased revenue volume. Services gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased to   19.8%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   23.2%   for the prior year quarter primarily due to the acquisition of DMS Health and its relative contribution to gross profit, as well as slight unfavorability in our Diagnostic Services segment gross profit percentage due to the decrease in the average mobile imaging rate per day and an unfavorable mix of services provided in our Telerhythmics business. 
  Product and Product-Related.   Cost of Product revenue primarily consists of labor, parts, materials, and overhead costs associated with our product and services contract offerings. Cost of Product revenue was   $3.7 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.8 million  , or   97.7%  , compared to the prior year quarter, primarily as a result of the acquisition of DMS Health. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, cost of Product revenue decreased   $0.3 million   primarily due to a fewer number of cameras sold and lower revenue associated with camera maintenance contracts, partially offset by an increase of   $0.3 million   due to a lower benefit from the release of excess inventory reserves due to the sale of previously reserved inventory compared to the prior year quarter. Product gross profit was   $3.6 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.6 million  , or   77.4%  , compared to the prior year quarter primarily as a result of the DMS Health acquisition. Product gross profit as a percentage of revenue was   49.4%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   52.1%   for the prior year quarter, primarily due to a lower benefit from the release of excess inventory reserves due to the sale of previously reserved inventory in the prior year quarter and higher service part costs in our product-related services businesses.  
  Operating Expenses 
  Marketing and Sales.   Marketing and sales expenses consist primarily of salaries, commissions, bonuses, recruiting costs, travel, marketing and collateral materials, and trade show costs. Marketing and sales expenses were   $2.4 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.2 million  , or   100.2%  , compared to the prior year quarter, primarily as a result of the acquisition of DMS Health. On a go forward basis, we expect marketing and sales expense to generally approximate the level of expense noted in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   on an annualized basis.  
  General and Administrative.   General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related costs for accounting, human resources, information technology, executive personnel, legal related costs, professional fees, outside services, insurance, and costs related to our board of directors. General and administrative expenses were   $4.6 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $2.1 million  , or   83.7%  , compared to the prior year quarter primarily as a result of the acquisition of DMS Health; partially offset by a decrease of   $0.3 million   as a result of lower legal and professional fees related to the acquisition and integration of DMS Health.  On a go forward basis, we expect general and administrative expense to generally approximate the level of expense noted in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   on an annualized basis, notwithstanding any one-time initiatives or costs associated with the integration of DMS Health. For the remainder of   2016  , we expect to incur approximately $0.2 million in additional integration-related costs associated with DMS Health. 
  Amortization of Intangible Assets.   The amortization of intangible assets resulted in   $0.6 million   of expense for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $0.4 million  , or   331.3%  , compared to the prior year quarter, primarily as a result of intangibles acquired as part of the acquisition of DMS Health. 
  
   23 

Other Expense 
  Other Expense, net.   Other expense, net was   $0.4 million   during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $0.4 million   compared to the prior year quarter.  The increase was primarily due to a non-cash impairment charge recognized during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   on our investment in Perma-Fix Medical, S.A. See Note 7 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
  Interest Expense, net.   Interest expense was   $0.3 million   during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $0.3 million   compared to the prior year quarter, due to the interest and amortization of debt issuance costs related to our Credit Facility entered into on January 1, 2016.  See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" for a more detailed description of our current outstanding debt. 
  Income Tax Expense  
  Consolidated.   Income tax expense was   $0.2 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a benefit of   $18.2 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . During the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  , we concluded that it was more likely than not that a portion of our deferred tax assets would be realized through future taxable income. This conclusion was based on our restructuring efforts in 2013 and 2014 and resulting sustained profitability for the second half of 2013, 2014, and 2015, as well as our projections of positive future earnings and other key operating factors. As of September 30, 2015, we had generated cumulative pretax income over the preceding twelve quarter period, and therefore the objective negative evidence of a history of operating losses was no longer present. The release of the associated valuation allowance resulted in an income tax benefit of $18.2 million, which was recorded as a discrete item in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  See Note 10 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information related to the Company's income taxes.  
  Comparison of the   Nine Months Ended September 30,     2016   and   2015    
  Revenues 
  Consolidated.   Consolidated revenue was   $94.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $49.1 million  , or   108.5%   compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to the acquisition of DMS Health, as well as   $0.6 million   of incremental revenue associated with the MD Office acquisition, which occurred on March 5, 2015. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, revenue increased   $0.4 million   due to increases in revenue in our Diagnostic Services segment, partially offset by a decrease in revenue in our Diagnostic Imaging segment, compared to the prior year period. In our Diagnostic Services segment, excluding the impact of the MD Office acquisition, revenue increased by   $0.6 million   compared to the prior year period due to a greater number of imaging days provided and increased revenue from our Telerhythmics business, partially offset by a decrease in the average mobile imaging rate per day. In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we experienced higher volume of imaging days ran from both new and existing customers as compared to the prior year period. In addition, in the prior year period we experienced a high rate of cancellations that did not occur during the same period in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . In our Diagnostic Imaging segment, revenue decreased   $0.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period due to a decrease in the number of cameras sold and lower revenue associated with camera maintenance contracts, partially offset by a more favorable product mix.  
  Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
  Consolidated.   Consolidated gross profit was   $27.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $13.9 million  , or   105.3%  , compared to the prior year period primarily due to the acquisitions of DMS Health and MD Office. Excluding the impact of these acquisitions, consolidated gross profit decreased   $0.8 million   as a result of fewer camera sales and lower revenue associated with camera maintenance contracts, a decrease in the average mobile imaging rate per day, and a lower benefit from a release of excess inventory reserves compared to the prior year period. Consolidated gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased to   28.8%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   29.2%   for the prior year period. This decrease in gross profit was primarily due to a lower benefit from the release of excess inventory reserves due to the sale of previously reserved inventory compared to the prior year period.  
  Services  . Cost of Services revenue was   $56.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $29.9 million  , or   111.0%  , compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the acquisitions of DMS Health and MD Office. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, cost of Services revenue increased   $1.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period, primarily as a result the increased amount of imaging days provided. Services gross profit was   $15.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $7.9 million  , or   101.2%  , compared to the prior year period, primarily as a result of the DMS Health acquisition. Services gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased to   21.7%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   22.5%   for the prior year period due to the decrease in the average mobile imaging rate per day and the acquisition of DMS Health. Excluding the acquisition of DMS Health, Services gross profit as a percentage  
  
   24 

of revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased slightly due to the decrease in the average mobile imaging rate per day and from an unfavorable mix of services provided in our Telerhythmics business. 
  Product and Product-Related.   Cost of Product revenue was   $10.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $5.3 million  , or   103.6%  , compared to the prior year period, primarily as a result of the acquisition of DMS Health. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, cost of Product revenue decreased   $0.2 million   due to fewer camera sales and lower revenue associated with camera maintenance contracts, partially offset by a decrease in release of excess inventory reserves in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the prior year period. In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , we benefited from a release of   $0.2 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively, of excess inventory reserves due to the sale of previously reserved inventory. Product gross profit was   $11.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $6.0 million  , or   111.2%  , compared to the prior year period primarily as a result of the DMS Health acquisition. Product gross profit as a percentage of revenue was   52.3%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   51.4%   for the prior year period, due to the acquisition of DMS Health. Excluding the acquisition of DMS Health, Product gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased to   48.9%   from   51.4%   primarily due to a lower benefit from the release of excess inventory reserves due to the sale of previously reserved inventory compared to the prior year period. 
  Operating Expenses 
  Marketing and Sales.   Marketing and sales expenses were   $7.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $4.2 million  , or   113.8%  , compared to the prior year period, primarily as a result of the acquisition of DMS Health.  
  General and Administrative.   General and administrative expenses were   $15.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $9.0 million  , or   131.1%  , compared to the prior year period primarily as a result of the acquisition of DMS Health, an increase in legal and professional fees related to the acquisition and integration of DMS Health acquisition, and an increase in variable compensation compared to the prior year period.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   we incurred transaction and integration related costs of $  1.7 million  , compared to   $0.7 million   in the prior year period. 
  Amortization of Intangible Assets.   The amortization of intangible assets resulted in   $1.7 million   of expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.4 million  , or   366.4%  , compared to the prior year period, primarily as a result of intangibles acquired as part of the acquisition of DMS Health. 
  Other Expense 
  Other Expense, net.   Other expense, net was   $0.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $0.4 million   compared to the prior year period. The increase was due to an impairment charge recognized during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   on our investment in Perma-Fix Medical, S.A. See Note 7 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
  Interest Expense, net.   Interest expense was   $1.1 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.1 million   compared to the prior year period, due to interest and amortization of debt issuance costs related to our Credit Facility entered into on January 1, 2016.  See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" for a more detailed description of our current outstanding debt. 
  Income Tax Benefit  
        Consolidated.   Income tax benefit was   $12.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $6.5 million   compared to the prior year period. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as a result of the DMS Health acquisition on January 1, 2016, we determined that it is more likely than not that additional deferred tax assets will be realized due to increases in the Company's projected taxable income. The release of the associated valuation allowance resulted in an income tax benefit of approximately   $13.0 million  , of which   $12.1 million   was recorded as a discrete item in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The remaining benefit of approximately   $0.9 million   will be recorded in 2016 ratably as income is generated throughout the year.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , we concluded that it was more likely than not that a portion of our deferred tax assets would be realized through future taxable income. This conclusion was based on our restructuring efforts in 2013 and 2014 and resulting sustained profitability for the second half of 2013, 2014, and 2015, as well as our projections of positive future earnings and other key operating factors. As of September 30, 2015, we had generated cumulative pretax income over the preceding twelve quarter period, and therefore the objective negative evidence of a history of operating losses was no longer present. The release of the associated valuation allowance resulted in an income tax benefit of $18.2 million, which was recorded as a discrete item in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  See Note 10 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information related to the Company's income taxes.  
  
   25 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  We generated   $6.8 million   of positive cash flow from operations during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and expect to continue to generate positive cash flow from operations on an annual basis in the future. Cash flows from operations primarily represent inflows from net income (adjusted for depreciation, amortization, and other non-cash items), as well as the net effect of changes in working capital. Cash flows from investing activities primarily represent our investment in capital equipment required to maintain and grow our business, as well as acquisitions. Cash flows from financing activities primarily represent net proceeds from borrowings under our Credit Agreement and receipt of cash related to the exercise of stock options, offset by outflows related to dividend payments and repayments of long-term borrowings.  
  Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash generated from operations and availability on our revolving line of credit from our Credit Agreement. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $3.7 million   of cash, cash equivalents, and securities available-for-sale and   $5.3 million   available under our revolving line of credit. Though we had   $3.7 million   of cash and securities available-for-sale as of   September 30, 2016  , we expect in future periods to utilize most of our available cash and securities available-for-sale to reduce our outstanding balances under our Credit Agreement in order to minimize interest expense. If we have excess cash balances beyond any outstanding balances on our line of credit, we may generally invest these cash reserves in short-term money market funds, U.S. treasury, and corporate debt securities. We also have available a shelf registration statement that provides us with increased capital flexibility to pursue corporate objectives by allowing us to offer and sell up to   $20.0 million   of securities.  
   We require capital principally for capital expenditures, acquisition activity, dividend payments, and to finance accounts receivable and inventory. Our working capital requirements vary from period to period depending on inventory requirements, the timing of deliveries, and the payment cycles of our customers. Our capital expenditures consist primarily of medical imaging and diagnostic devices utilized in the provision of our services, as well as vehicles and information technology hardware and software. Based upon our current level of expenditures, we believe our current working capital, together with cash flows from operating activities, will be more than adequate to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
  Sources and Uses of Cash 
  The following table shows cash flow information for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :    

Operating Activities 
  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $6.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $3.0 million   in the prior year period.  The increase in cash was primarily related to an increase of net income adjusted for non-cash items, partially offset by unfavorable working capital changes.   
  Investing Activities 
  Net cash used in investing activities was   $27.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to net cash provided by investing activities of   $0.3 million   in the prior year period. The increase in cash used in investing activities in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily attributable to the outlay of cash to acquire DMS Health, as well as an increase in purchases of capital equipment. See Note 3 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information related to the acquisition of DMS Health. We expect to spend an additional $1.0 to $3.0 million on capital asset purchases during the year ended   December 31, 2016   related to the acquisition of DMS Health. 
  Financing Activities 
  Net cash provided by financing activities was   $7.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to net cash used in financing activities of   $2.8 million   in the prior year period. The increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to proceeds, net of issuance costs, of   $33.8 million   received to finance the acquisition of DMS Health, partially offset by   $20.7 million   of repayments of long-term borrowings (including approximately   $9.4 million   for the repayment of outstanding debt acquired in the DMS Health acquisition), an increase of restricted cash of   $2.7 million   associated with the maintenance of cash collateral requirements under our new credit facility, and   $2.9 million   of dividend payments. In future periods, we expect our financing activities to primarily consist of payments of long-term borrowings and dividend payments.  
  
   26 

Financing Transactions 
  On January 1, 2016, in connection with the acquisition of DMS Health, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement by and among the Company, and the subsidiaries of the Company, and the lenders party thereto, with Wells Fargo Bank as administrative agent. The Credit Agreement is a five-year credit facility, maturing on January 1, 2021, with a maximum credit amount of $40.0 million. It consisted of a term loan of $20.0 million (Term Loan A), a second term loan of $7.5 million (Term Loan B), and a revolving credit facility with a maximum commitment of $12.5 million (the Revolver). Commitments under Term Loan A and the Revolver are subject to underlying eligible assets of the Company.  In the case of the Term Loan A, underlying property, plant and equipment, and in the case of the Revolver, eligible accounts receivable and inventory, all as defined in the Credit Agreement.  
  At our option, the Credit Facility will bear interest at a floating rate of either (i) the LIBOR Rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus an applicable margin depending on the borrowing type as follows: 2.5% for Term Loan A; 5.0% for Term Loan B; and 2.0% for the Revolver; or (ii) the Base Rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus an applicable margin depending on the borrowing type as follows: 1.5% for Term Loan A; 4.0% for Term Loan B; and 1.0% for the Revolver. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $23.3 million   of outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement at a weighted average interest rate of   3.6%  .   
  We are permitted to make voluntary prepayments on amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement at any time, in whole or in part, without penalty unless in connection with the full repayment of all amounts owed under the Credit Agreement. In the event that we fully repay all obligations and terminate the Credit Agreement prior to January 1, 2017, we will be required to pay a prepayment penalty in the amount equal to 1.0% times the maximum credit amount of the Credit Agreement. Furthermore, we will be required to prepay amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement in the event that we receive cash flows in excess of specified percentages upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the sale or disposition of assets or other property, legal judgments or settlements, of the sale of equity, and other payments received not in the ordinary course of business.  
  Debt Covenants 
  The Credit Agreement contains certain representations, warranties, events of default, mandatory prepayment requirements, as well as certain affirmative and negative covenants customary for Credit Agreements of this type. These covenants include restrictions on borrowings, investments, and divestitures, as well as limitations on our ability to make certain restricted payments, including payment of dividends. These restrictions do not prevent or prohibit our payment of dividends consistent with past practice, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. Further, the Credit Agreement requires us to maintain certain restricted cash balances through January 1, 2018. Finally, the Credit Agreement requires us to comply with certain financial covenants, including minimum liquidity and fixed charge coverage and leverage ratios. The fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated as the ratio of EBITDA less any unfinanced capital expenditures made or incurred during the period to fixed charges for such period (as defined in the credit agreement), measured on a month-end basis. Per the Credit Agreement, the fixed charge coverage ratio must be at least 1:00 to 1:00 for each trailing twelve month period ending as of the end of a month. The leverage ratio is calculated as the ratio of consolidated debt to EBITDA for the twelve month period ended as of such date.  
  The leverage ratio requirements, as defined in the Credit Agreement, are set forth in the table below: 

Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default under the Credit Agreement, the Lenders may, among other things, declare the loans and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement immediately due and payable and increase the interest rate at which loans and obligations under the Credit Agreement bear interest. If an event of default occurs related to the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, the loans and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement shall automatically become due and payable.  
  We were in compliance with all covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
  As part of our ongoing business, we do not participate in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, or SPEs, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were not involved in any unconsolidated SPE transactions. 
  
   27 

Contractual Obligations 
  Due to our acquisition of DMS Health and related financing arrangements entered into during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there have been significant changes to our contractual obligations from those disclosed within "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," as contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2016. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of   September 30, 2016   (amounts in thousands): 

(1)    The table excludes   $0.1 million   of contingent consideration related to the acquisition of MD Office. 
   (2)    Interest on variable rate debt was estimated using rates in effect as of   September 30, 2016  .  
   (3)    Capital lease obligations include related interest obligations. 
   (4)    Amounts include noncancellable service agreements to maintain portions of the fleet of imaging machines in our DMS Health business.  
    
    In the schedule of estimated future payments related to our contractual obligations, we excluded unrecognized tax benefits due to the uncertainty of the amount and the period of payment.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had unrecognized tax benefits of approximately   $4.1 million  .  
   
  ITEM 3.        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  Our exposure to market risk due to changes in interest rates relates primarily to the increase or decrease in the value of debt securities in our investment portfolio, as well as interest expense under our credit facility. Under our current policies, we do not use interest rate derivative instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes on our investments or debt. 
  For our investments, our risk associated with fluctuating interest rates is limited to investments in interest rate sensitive financial instruments. We attempt to increase the safety and preservation of our invested principal funds by limiting default risk, market risk, and reinvestment risk. We mitigate default risk by investing in investment grade securities. A 100 basis point adverse move in interest rates along the entire interest rate yield curve would not materially affect the fair value of our interest sensitive financial instruments. Changes in interest rates over time will increase or decrease our interest income. 
  Borrowings under the Company's credit facility bear interest at floating rates plus an applicable margin, based on LIBOR or the base or prime rate. Accordingly, we are exposed to market risk for fluctuations in interest rates. The effect of a 100 basis point change in current interest rates on interest expense would be approximately $0.2 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
   
           ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
       
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission Act of 1934 reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
  As required by Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance  
  
   28 

that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  Except as described below, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
  On January 1, 2016, we completed the acquisition of DMS Health. We are in the process of integrating the operations of DMS Health into our overall internal control over financial reporting process.  
  
   29 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
     See Note 9 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for a summary of legal proceedings. 
   
           ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 
     In evaluating us and our common stock, we urge you to carefully consider the risks and other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which we filed with the SEC on March 1, 2016. Beyond what is described below, the risks and uncertainties described in  Item 1A - Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K have not materially changed. Any of the risks discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or any of the risks disclosed in Item 1A to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.  
  Our relationship with Philips North America could be canceled with a short notice period, severely impacting our revenues and costs. 
  Through our recent acquisition of DMS Health Technologies, we enjoy a long-standing relationship with Philips Healthcare to sell and service certain imaging and patient monitoring devices in defined region in the upper-Midwest area of the United States.  Commissions and servicing revenues from this relationship are a substantial component of our revenues. Though our current agreement with Philips Healthcare continues into 2019, the contract can be canceled for various reasons with a 90-day notice period. If this contract was canceled, we would likely experience revenue declines and increased costs associated with personnel and infrastructure changes related to the contract termination, and we likely would not be able to replace this lost revenue in the near term. 
  Our Mobile Healthcare mobile fleet is highly utilized; any downtime in our assets can have a material impact on our revenues and costs. 
  Our Mobile Healthcare business unit utilizes a fleet of highly sophisticated imaging and related transportation assets that require nearly 100% uptime to service our customer needs. Though we utilize an array of highly competent service providers to support our imaging fleet, imaging and related transportation machines can experience unproductive downtime. Any downtime of our imaging fleet can have near term impacts on our revenues and underlying costs.  
   
           ITEM 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
     None. 
   
           ITEM 3. 
    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
     None. 
   
           ITEM 4. 
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
     Not applicable.  
   
           ITEM 5. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
     None.  
  
   30 

ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS 
       
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 

31.1* 
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
      31.2* 
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
      32.1** 
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.2** 
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101.INS* 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
      101.CAL* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
      101.LAB* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 
      101.PRE* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
      101.DEF* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

_________________  
           * 
    Filed herewith. 
              ** 
    This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this quarterly report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Digirad Corporation, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

31 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

DIGIRAD CORPORATION 

Date: 
    October 31, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/    MATTHEW G. MOLCHAN 

Matthew G. Molchan President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    October 31, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/     JEFFRY R. KEYES 

Jeffry R. Keyes 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 drad-9302016xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF  
  PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, Matthew G. Molchan, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Digirad Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

October 31, 2016 
        
      /s/    Matthew G. Molchan 
      Matthew G. Molchan 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 drad-9302016xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION OF  
  PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, Jeffry R. Keyes, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Digirad Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

October 31, 2016 
        
      /s/    Jeffry R. Keyes 
      Jeffry R. Keyes 
      Chief Financial Officer 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 drad-9302016xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF  
  PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
  (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)  
  In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Digirad Corporation for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , I, Matthew G. Molchan, President and Chief Executive Officer of Digirad Corporation, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  
           (1) 
    such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Digirad Corporation for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Digirad Corporation for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Digirad Corporation at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
       
  This certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
  October 31, 2016    
                  /s/     Matthew G. Molchan 
      Matthew G. Molchan 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Digirad Corporation and will be retained by Digirad Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 drad-9302016xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF  
  PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
  (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)  
  In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Digirad Corporation for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , I, Jeffry R. Keyes, Chief Financial Officer of Digirad Corporation, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  
           (1) 
    such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Digirad Corporation for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Digirad Corporation for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Digirad Corporation at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
       
  This certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
  October 31, 2016    
                  /s/    Jeffry R. Keyes 
      Jeffry R. Keyes 
      Chief Financial Officer 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Digirad Corporation and will be retained by Digirad Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 digirad-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 digirad-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 digirad-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 digirad-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 digirad-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 digirad-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

