<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_845091_0001193125-16-767852_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11206454</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146625</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>556503</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2826669</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5282390</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1963755</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-767852.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114164425
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-767852
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANSAMERICA ADVISORS LIFE INSURANCE Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000845091
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				911325756
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-26322
		FILM NUMBER:		161995516

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		425 WEST CAPITAL AVENUE
		CITY:			LITTLE ROCK
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		319-355-8427

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4333 EDGEWOOD ROAD, NE
		CITY:			CEDAR RAPIDS
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52499-0001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MERRILL LYNCH LIFE INSURANCE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-767852.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 d188999d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

UNITED STATES    
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549        FORM
 10-Q         QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)    
   OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934        FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016        COMMISSION FILE
NUMBERS  33-26322         TRANSAMERICA ADVISORS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)       

ARKANSAS  
     
   91-1325756    
 
    (State or other jurisdiction     of incorporation or organization)   
     
    (IRS Employer     Identification No.)    
    4333 Edgewood Road, NE      Cedar Rapids, Iowa      52499-0001   
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)      (800)  346-3677       (Registrant telephone
number including area code)      Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed
by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.      Yes     No    
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).      Yes     No          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a  non-accelerated  filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act. (Check one):       

Large accelerated filer      
      
  Accelerated filer      
      
   Non-accelerated  filer      
      
  Smaller reporting company       

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act).      Yes     No          APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS   
  DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:      Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of
securities under a plan confirmed by a court.      Yes     No          APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:   
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.
     COMMON 250,000      REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTION H(1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM  10-Q  AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM WITH THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE
FORMAT.           

FINAL       PART 1. Financial Information       Item 1. Financial Statements    
   TRANSAMERICA ADVISORS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY        (A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF TRANSAMERICA CORPORATION)        BALANCE SHEETS

See Notes to Financial Statements       
  1   

TRANSAMERICA ADVISORS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    
   (A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF TRANSAMERICA CORPORATION)        BALANCE SHEETS - Continued          

See Notes to Financial Statements       
  2   

TRANSAMERICA ADVISORS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    
   (A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF TRANSAMERICA CORPORATION)        STATEMENTS OF INCOME        

See Notes to Financial Statements       
  3   

TRANSAMERICA ADVISORS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    
   (A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF TRANSAMERICA CORPORATION)        STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME        

See Notes to Financial Statements       
  4   

TRANSAMERICA ADVISORS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    
   (A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF TRANSAMERICA CORPORATION)        STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY        
             
      See Notes to Financial Statements   
         5   

TRANSAMERICA ADVISORS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    
   (A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF TRANSAMERICA CORPORATION)        STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS        
         
      See Notes to Financial Statements   
          
  6   

TRANSAMERICA ADVISORS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    
   (A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF TRANSAMERICA CORPORATION)        STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - Continued          

(a)  
  Not included in return of capital to Transamerica Corporation is the amount payable to Transamerica Corporation in connection with the tax allocation agreement of
$5,750. The amount payable is presented on the Balance Sheets within the affiliated payables - net line item.         
           
  See Notes to Financial Statements   
          
  7   

TRANSAMERICA ADVISORS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    
   (A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF TRANSAMERICA CORPORATION)        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)       (dollars in thousands)
              Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies        
   Basis of Presentation    
  Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company ( TALIC  or the  Company ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Transamerica
Corporation which is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AEGON N.V., a limited liability share company organized under Dutch law. The Company was formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of AEGON USA, LLC ( AUSA ) which merged into
Transamerica Corporation effective December 31, 2015. AEGON N.V. and its subsidiaries and joint ventures have life insurance and pension operations in over twenty countries in Europe, the Americas, and Asia and are also active in savings and
investment operations, accident and health insurance, and general insurance and have limited banking operations in a number of these countries.      The accompanying Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). The Company also submits financial statements to
insurance industry regulatory authorities, which are prepared on the basis of statutory accounting principles ( SAP ). The interim Financial Statements are unaudited; all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary for
a fair presentation of the Financial Statements have been included. These unaudited Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the audited Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. For a complete discussion of the Company s 2015 Financial Statements and accounting policies, refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. The nature of the Company s business is such that results of any
interim period are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year.      The Company is a life insurance company that
conducts its business primarily in the annuity markets and to a lesser extent in the life insurance markets of the financial services industry. The Company is domiciled in the State of Arkansas and is currently licensed to sell insurance and
annuities in forty-nine states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam. Currently, the Company is not issuing new life insurance, variable annuity and market value adjusted annuity products. In 2012, the Company began selling a
fixed contingent annuity (also sometimes referred to as a contingent deferred annuity ( CDA )) that includes a stand-alone living benefit ( SALB ). A SALB is essentially a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit which exists
independently and is applied to mutual funds and exchange traded funds. As of November 22, 2015, the Company no longer issues CDAs to new investors. Existing certificate owners of CDAs may continue to make subsequent contributions, as permitted
by the terms of their CDA contracts.       Subsequent Events       The Financial Statements are adjusted to reflect events that occurred between the balance sheet date and the date when the Financial Statements are issued, provided they give evidence of conditions that
existed at the balance sheet date. No subsequent events have been identified that require adjustments to the Financial Statements.   
         8   

Current Accounting Guidance         Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-07,  Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its
Equivalent)       In May 2015, the Financial Accounting Standard Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2015-07,  Fair Value
Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent) . The amendments in this Update remove the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all
investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value ( NAV ) per share as a practical expedient. The amendments also remove the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured
at fair value using the NAV per share practical expedient. Rather, those disclosures are limited to investments for which the entity has elected to measure the fair value using that practical expedient. The amendments are effective for public
business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. A reporting entity should apply the amendments retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company adopted the standard on January
1, 2016. The amendments have been applied retrospectively to all periods presented. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the Company s Financial Statements. See Note 2 for disclosure impacts.   
   Future Accounting Guidance       ASU
2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flow (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments        In August
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flow (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , to reduce diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this Update provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with
coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the
settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and
application of the predominance principle. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and they should be applied using a retrospective transition
method to each period presented unless impracticable. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that adoption of this Update will have on its Financial Statements.
     ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments . The amendments in this Update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and
supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off-balance-sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not
excluded from the scope that have the contractual right to receive cash. The following are the main provisions. The amendments in this Update require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented
at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial asset(s) to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected on
the financial asset. Although credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities are measured in a manner similar to current GAAP, the amendments in this Update require that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down.
The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application of this Update is permitted only as of fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity will apply the amendments in this Update through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is
effective (that is, a modified-retrospective approach). The Company is currently evaluating the impact that adoption of this Update will have on its Financial Statements.   
         9   

ASU 2016-06,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instrument 
     In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) :  Contingent Put and Call Options in
Debt Instruments . The amendments in this Update clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts.
That is, when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to assess whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. An entity is required to
assess the embedded call (put) options solely in accordance with the existing four-step decision sequence, which are whether (1) the payoff is adjusted based on changes in an index, (2) the payoff is indexed to an underlying other than interest
rates or credit risk, (3) the debt involves a substantial premium or discount, and (4) the call (put) option is contingently exercisable. The amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. An entity should apply the amendments in this Update on a modified retrospective basis to existing debt instruments as of the beginning of the fiscal year
for which the amendments are effective. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that adoption of this Update will have on its Financial Statements.      ASU 2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations        In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships . The amendments in this Update
clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument under Topic 815 does not, in and of itself, require de-designation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge
accounting criteria continue to be met. That is, the reporting entity must still consider whether there is a change in the counterparty s creditworthiness in determining whether the hedging relationship continues to qualify for hedge
accounting. The amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. An entity has an option to apply
the amendments in this Update on either a prospective basis or a modified retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that adoption of this Update will have on its Financial Statements.   
  ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)       In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . The guidance in this Update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic
605,  Revenue Recognition , and most industry-specific guidance unless the contracts are within the scope of other standards (for example, financial instruments, insurance contracts or lease contracts). The core principle of the guidance
is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The
guidance establishes a five-step process to achieve this core principle. An entity may use either of two transition methods: retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with certain practical expedients, or retrospective with the
cumulative effect of initial application recognized at the date of initial application subject to certain additional disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) , which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations in Topic 606. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , which clarifies the following two aspects of Topic 606: identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. In
May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients , which provides clarifying guidance in a few narrow areas and adds some practical expedients to the
guidance. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Deferral of the Effective Date , which defers the effective date by one year. As a result, these Updates will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application of these Updates is permitted only as of fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that
adoption of these Updates will have on its Financial Statements.      ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall    
  In January 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities , which addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. For the Company, the amendments in this guidance are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. With certain exceptions, early adoption is not permitted. The amendments in this guidance are to be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet
as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption, except for those related to equity securities without readily determinable fair values (including disclosure requirements) which are to be applied prospectively to equity investments that exist as
of the date of adoption of the Update. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that adoption of these Updates will have on its Financial Statements and disclosures.   
         10   

Note 2. Fair Value of Financial Instruments    
       Fair Value Measurements    
  ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy based on the
quality of inputs used to measure fair value and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements.       Fair Value Hierarchy
      The Company has categorized its financial instruments into the three-level hierarchy based on the priority of the inputs
to the valuation technique. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). If the inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the category level is based on the lowest priority level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.   
  Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on the Balance Sheets are categorized as follows:   
   Level 1 . Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market.   
   Level 2 . Quoted prices in markets that are not active or inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly
for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include the following:       

a)  
    Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets      

b)  
    Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets      

c)  
    Inputs other than quoted market prices that are observable      

d)  
    Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data through correlation or other means      
   Level 3 . Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the
overall fair value measurement. They reflect management s own assumptions about the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability.      The Company recognizes transfers between levels at the beginning of the quarter.   
         11   

The following tables present the Company s hierarchy for its assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       
 
         12   

(a)  
    The fair values of debt securities are determined by management after taking into consideration several sources of data. When available, the Company
uses quoted market prices in active markets to determine the fair value of its debt securities. The Company s valuation policy utilizes a pricing hierarchy which dictates that publicly available prices are initially sought from indices and
third party pricing services. In the event that pricing is not available from these sources, those securities are submitted to brokers to obtain quotes. The majority of brokers  quotes are non-binding. As part of the pricing process, the
Company assesses the appropriateness of each quote (i.e., as to whether the quote is based on observable market transactions or not) to determine the most appropriate estimate of fair value. Lastly, securities are priced using internal cash flow
modeling techniques. These valuation methodologies commonly use the following inputs: reported trades, bids, offers, issuer spreads, benchmark yields, estimated prepayment speeds, and/or estimated cash flows.      
  Third-party pricing services and brokers will often determine prices using recently reported trades for identical or
similar securities. The third-party pricing services and brokers make adjustments for the elapsed time from the trade date to the balance sheet date to take into account available market information. Lacking recently reported trades, third-party
pricing services and brokers will use modeling techniques to determine a security price where expected future cash flows are developed based on the performance of the underlying collateral and discounted using an estimated market rate.   
  Periodically, the Company performs an analysis of the inputs obtained from third-party pricing services and brokers to
ensure that the inputs are reasonable and produce a reasonable estimate of fair value. The Company s asset specialists and investment valuation specialists consider both qualitative and quantitative factors as part of this analysis. Several
examples of analytical procedures performed include, but are not limited to, recent transactional activity for similar debt securities, review of pricing statistics and trends and consideration of recent relevant market events. Other controls and
procedures over pricing received from indices, third-party pricing services, or brokers include validation checks such as exception reports that highlight significant price changes, stale prices or un-priced securities.   
  Following is additional discussion of the valuation methodologies for certain types of debt securities:   
   Corporate securities -  Valuations of corporate securities are monitored and reviewed on a monthly basis. The
pricing hierarchy is dependent on the possibility of corroboration of market prices when available. If no market prices are available, valuations are determined by a discounted cash flow methodology using an internally calculated yield. The yield is
comprised of a credit spread over a given benchmark.       Residential mortgage-backed securities
( RMBS ), commercial mortgage-backed securities ( CMBS ) and asset backed securities ( ABS )  - Valuations of RMBS, CMBS and ABS are monitored and reviewed on a monthly basis. Valuations are based on a pricing
hierarchy and depending on the asset type, the pricing hierarchy consists of a waterfall that starts with making use of market prices from indices and follows with making use of third-party pricing services or brokers. The pricing hierarchy is
dependent on the possibilities of corroboration of the market prices. If no market prices are available, the Company uses either internal models or another available pricing source to determine fair value. Significant inputs included in the internal
models are generally determined based on relative value analyses, which incorporate comparisons to instruments with similar collateral and risk profiles. Market standard models may be used to model the specific collateral composition and cash flow
structure of each transaction. The most significant unobservable input is the illiquidity premium, which is embedded in the discount rate.       Government and government agencies -  When available, the Company uses quoted market prices in active markets to determine the fair value of its government and government agencies  investments.
When the Company cannot make use of quoted market prices, market prices from indices or quotes from third-party pricing services or brokers are used.       Equity securities    Valuations of equity securities are monitored and reviewed on a monthly basis. When available, the Company uses quoted market prices in active markets to determine the fair
value of its equity investments. When the Company cannot make use of quoted market prices, quotes from a third party vendor, broker, or custodian are used.      

(b)  
    Cash equivalents are primarily valued at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. Operating cash is not included in the above table.
     
         13   

(c)  
    Level 2 derivatives include interest rate swaps, inflation swaps, variance swaps, total return swaps, and credit default swaps for which the Company
utilized readily accessible quoted index levels and broker quotes. The fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated based on the change in the underlying floating rate curve measured using the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) at
the reporting date, as compared to the fixed leg of the swap. The fair value for inflation swaps is calculated as the difference between the consumer price index (or related readily accessible quoted inflation index level) at the reporting date and
the last reset date, multiplied by the notional value of the swap. The fair value for the variance swaps is calculated as the difference between the estimated volatility of the underlying Standard and Poor s 500 Composite Stock Price Index
( S P ) at maturity and the actual volatility of the underlying S P index at initiation (i.e., strike) multiplied by the notional value of the swap. Total return swaps are valued based on the change in the underlying equity index
as of the last reset date. Credit default swaps are valued using a discounted cash flow model where future premium payments and protection payments are corrected for the probability of default, which is modeled using an arbitrage free credit spread
model.      

(d)  
    The Company issued contracts containing guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit riders ( GMWB ) and obtained guaranteed minimum income
benefits ( GMIB ) reinsurance. GMWB and GMIB reinsurance are treated as embedded derivatives and are required to be reported separately from the host contract. In addition, the Company issues SALB contracts which are required to be
reported at fair value. The fair value of these guarantees is calculated as the present value of future expected payments to policyholders less the present value of assessed fees attributable to the guarantees. Given the complexity and long-term
nature of these guarantees, their fair values are determined using stochastic techniques under a variety of market return, discount rate and actuarial assumptions. Since two of the assumptions are unobservable and are considered to be
significant inputs to the liability valuation, the liability included in future policy benefits has been reflected within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.      

(e)  
    Amounts are comprised of certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient
and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy in accordance with Subtopic 820-10. These investments do not have any lockup periods.          
    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and twelve months ended December 31, 2015, there were no
transfers between Level 1 and 2, respectively.      The following table provides a summary of the change in fair value of the
Company s Level 3 fixed maturity AFS securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       

(a)  
    Recorded as a component of fixed maturity AFS securities on the Balance Sheets.      

(b)  
    Recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) in net unrealized holding gains (losses) on AFS securities arising during the period.

(c)  
    Recorded as a component of net realized investment gains (losses) for fixed maturity in the Statements of Income.      
         14   

In certain circumstances, the Company will obtain non-binding broker quotes from brokers to
assist in the determination of fair value. If those quotes can be corroborated by other market observable data, the investments will be classified as Level 2 investments. If not, the investments are classified as Level 3 due to the unobservable
nature of the brokers  valuation processes. Level 3 fixed maturity securities at September 30, 2016 remained fairly consistent with the December 31, 2015 balance as a result of the transfer during the first quarter of 2016 from Level 3 to Level
2 and the retransfer during the second quarter of 2016 from Level 2 to Level 3 of two ABS due to the availability of market observable data (Level 2) during the first quarter of 2016 and the unavailability of market observable data (Level 2) during
the second quarter of 2016. One ABS that was transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 during the third quarter of 2016, however, was then sold in the same time period, which contributed to the minimal movement in total during the third quarter.
     The Company s Level 3 liabilities (assets) consist of provisions for GMWB, SALB and GMIB reinsurance. The fair value of
these guarantees is calculated as the present value of future expected payments to policyholders less the present value of assessed fees attributable to the guarantees. Given the complexity and long-term nature of these guarantees, which are unlike
instruments available in financial markets, their fair values are determined using stochastic techniques under a variety of market return scenarios. A variety of factors are considered, including expected market rates of return, equity and
interest rate volatility, credit spread, correlations of market returns, discount rates and actuarial assumptions. For GMWB and SALB, an increase (decrease) in credit spread in isolation would result in a lower (higher) fair value liability
measurement and an increase (decrease) in volatility in isolation would result in a higher (lower) fair value liability measurement. Changes in the Company s credit spread and volatility assumptions have an inverse effect on the GMIB
reinsurance assets.      The expected market rates of returns are based on risk-free rates, such as the current LIBOR forward
curve. The credit spread, which is a significant unobservable input, is set by using the credit default swap ( CDS ) spreads of a reference portfolio of life insurance companies, adjusted to reflect the subordination of senior debt
holders at the holding company level to the position of policyholders at the operating company level (who have priority in payments to other creditors). The credit spread was 50 basis points ( bps ) and 40 bps at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively.      For equity volatility, the Company uses a term structure assumption with market-based
implied volatility inputs for the first five years and a long-term forward rate assumption of 25%-30% thereafter. The volume of observable option trading from which volatilities are derived generally declines as the contracts  term increases
therefore, the volatility curve grades from implied volatilities for five years to the ultimate rate. The resulting volatility assumption in year 20 for the S P (expressed as a spot rate) was 24.1% and 24.2% at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. Correlations of market returns across underlying indices are based on historical market returns and their inter-relationships over a number of years preceding the valuation date. Assumptions regarding policyholder behavior,
such as lapses, included in the models are derived in the same way as the assumptions used to measure insurance liabilities. These assumptions are reviewed at each valuation date and updated based on historical experience and observable market data
as required.      The following table provides a summary of the changes in fair value of the Company s Level 3 liabilities (assets) at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       

(a)  
    GMWB and SALB are recorded as a component of future policy benefits on the Balance Sheets and GMIB reinsurance is recorded as recoverable of ceded
GMIB embedded derivatives, at fair value on the Balance Sheets.      

(b)  
    Recorded as a component of policy benefits in the Statements of Income.      
         15   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the change in the fair value of the GMWB and
GMIB reinsurance guarantees was primarily driven by changes in interest rates and equity market performance. The fair value of the GMWB and GMIB reinsurance guarantees increased due to a decrease in interest rates by 74 basis points during the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. Favorable equity returns during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, partially offset the year-to-date increase in fair value reinsurance guarantees due to the decrease in interest rates.
     The following table provides a summary of the quantitative inputs and assumptions of the Company s Level 3 assets and liabilities at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       

Description    
      
   September 30,     2016     Estimated     Fair Value   

Valuation     Techniques   

Unobservable Inputs   

Range     (Weighted 
Average)   

Assets    

Fixed maturity securities   

Asset-backed securities   
      
    $  
  6,792  

Broker  

See comment below    (a)     

See comment below    (a)     

Total fixed maturity securities   

6,792  

Future policy benefits (embedded derivatives) - GMIB Reinsurance   

64,903  

Discounted cash flows  

Own credit risk  

50  

Long-term volatility  

25-30%  

Total assets   
      
    $  
  71,695  

Liabilities    

Future policy benefits (embedded derivatives) - GMWB   
      
    $  
  77,329  

Discounted cash flows  

Own credit risk  

50  

Long-term volatility  

25-30%  

Future policy benefits - SALB   

511  

See comment below    (b)     

See comment below    (b)     

See comment below    (b)     

Total liabilities   
      
    $  
  77,840  

Description    
      
   December 31, 2015 Estimated Fair Value   

Valuation     Techniques   

Unobservable Inputs   

Range     (Weighted 
Average)   

Assets    

Fixed maturity securities   

Asset-backed securities   
      
    $  
  6,666  

Broker  

See comment below    (a)     

See comment below    (a)     

Total fixed maturity securities   

6,666  

Future policy benefits (embedded derivatives) - GMIB Reinsurance   

61,426  

Discounted cash flows  

Own credit risk  

40 bps  

Long-term volatility  

25%  

Total assets   
      
    $  
      68,092  

Liabilities    

Future policy benefits (embedded derivatives) - GMWB   
      
    $  
  60,618  

Discounted cash flows  

Own credit risk  

40 bps  

Long-term volatility  

25%  

Future policy benefits - SALB   

511  

See comment below    (b)     

See comment below    (b)     

See comment below    (b)     

Total liabilities   
      
    $  
  61,129  

(a)  
    The Company has obtained non-binding broker quotes which cannot be corroborated by market observable data, to assist in determining the fair values
of the Level 3 ABS. The Company does not receive the unobservable inputs used by the broker but performs annual reviews to approve the use of brokers and obtains an asset specialist s review of the broker s price.

(b)  
    The SALB is a relatively new product with fewer than 150 policies. Due to the small size of this block, the liability was established based on
the fees.      
         16   

The following table provides the estimated fair value of the Company s assets not
carried at fair value on the Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       

(a)  
  The fair value of mortgage loans on real estate is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to
borrowers with similar credit ratings and/or similar remaining maturities.     

(b)  
  Policy loans are stated at unpaid principal balance. The book value of policy loans approximates their fair value.     
           Note 3. Investments             Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities        The amortized cost/cost, gross
unrealized gains and losses, estimated fair values and impairments reflected in other comprehensive income ( OCI ) of investments in fixed maturity and equity AFS securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were:   

17   

(a) Represents other-than-temporary impairments ( OTTI ) in Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income ( AOCI ), which were not included in earnings. Amount excludes $2,863 and $2,515 of unrealized gains at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      Excluding investments in U.S. government and government agencies, the Company is not exposed to any significant concentration of credit risk in its fixed maturity securities portfolio.   
  The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed maturity AFS securities by investment grade at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were:
      
    At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the estimated fair value of fixed maturity securities rated
BBB-, which is the lowest investment grade rating given by rating agencies, was $74,128 and $79,958, respectively. Below investment grade securities are speculative and are subject to significantly greater risks related to the creditworthiness of
the issuers and the liquidity of the market for such securities. The Company closely monitors such investments.   
         18   

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed maturity AFS securities at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 by contractual maturities were:       
    In the preceding table, fixed maturity securities not due at a single maturity date have been included in
the year of final maturity. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.   
         19   

Unrealized Losses on Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities     
  The Company s investments in fixed maturity and equity securities classified as AFS are carried at estimated fair value with
unrealized gains and losses included in stockholder s equity as a component of AOCI, net of taxes.      The estimated fair
value and gross unrealized losses and OTTI related to fixed maturity and equity AFS securities aggregated by length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
were as follows:       
 
         20   

(a)  
  Subsequent unrealized gains (losses) on OTTI securities are included in OCI-OTTI.    
  The total number of securities in an unrealized loss position was 46 and 133 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
     The fair value, gross unrealized losses, the portion of OTTI recognized in OCI and number of securities with fair value
declining below amortized cost by greater than 20% and 40% (continuous unrealized loss position) were as follows at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       
 
         21   

Unrealized gains (losses) incurred during 2016 and 2015 were primarily due to price
fluctuations resulting from changes in interest rates and credit spreads. If the Company has the intent to sell or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these securities prior to the anticipated recovery of the
amortized cost, securities are written down to fair value. If cash flow models indicate a credit event will impact future cash flows, the security is impaired to discounted cash flows. For fixed maturity AFS securities, the Company does not intend
to sell them, nor is it more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell them before the recovery of its amortized cost basis, and the Company expects to recover the entire cost basis of the debt securities. In making the
other-than-temporary impairment assessment, the Company also considered all available information relevant to the collectability of the security, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts,
when developing the estimate of cash flows expected to be collected. Therefore, the Company determined that these fixed maturity AFS securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired.   
  The components of net unrealized gains (losses) and OTTI included in AOCI, net of taxes, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were
as follows:       
      Mortgage Loans on Real Estate        Mortgage loans on real estate consist entirely of mortgages on commercial real estate. Prepayment premiums are collected when borrowers elect to prepay their debt prior to the stated maturity. There were
no prepayment premiums collected during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were $335 of prepayment premiums collected for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. Prepayment premiums are included in net realized investment gains
(losses), excluding OTTI on securities in the Statements of Income.      The fair values of mortgage loans on real estate are
estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and/or similar remaining maturities. The estimated fair value of the mortgages on commercial real
estate at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $108,089 and $92,923, respectively.      Loans are considered impaired when
it is probable that based upon current information and events, the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. A valuation allowance is established when a loan is determined to be impaired for
the excess carrying value of the loan over its estimated collateral value. There were no impaired mortgage loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. For the portion of the mortgage loan portfolio without specific reserves, a generic reserve
is established. The generic reserve was $66 at September 30, 2016 and $78 at December 31, 2015. The change in the reserve is reflected in net realized investment gains (losses), excluding OTTI on securities in the Statements of Income.   
         22   

The change in the credit loss allowances on commercial mortgage loans at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 was as follows:       
    The commercial mortgages are geographically diversified throughout the United States with the largest
concentrations in California, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Washington, Minnesota, Oregon, Texas, Florida, Georgia and Missouri, which account for approximately 85% of mortgage loans at September 30, 2016.   
  The credit quality of commercial mortgage loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows:   
   
    The credit quality of the commercial mortgage loans was determined based on an internal credit rating
model which assigns a letter rating to each mortgage loan in the portfolio as an indicator of the quality of the mortgage loan. The internal credit rating model was designed based on a rating agency methodology, then modified for credit risk
associated with the Company s mortgage lending process, taking into account such factors as projected future cash flows, net operating income, and collateral value. The model produces a rating score and an associated letter rating that is
intended to align with S P ratings as closely as possible. Information supporting the risk rating process is updated at least annually. While mortgage loans with a lower rating carry a higher risk of loss, adequate reserves for loan losses have
been established to cover those risks.        Securities Lending     
  The following table provides a summary of the securities under securities lending agreements at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:
      
      Reverse Repurchase Agreements        The following table provides a summary of the securities under reverse repurchase agreements at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   

23   

Collateral Maturities of Reverse Repurchase Agreements and Securities Lending Transactions
       The following tables provide a summary of collateral maturities of reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending transactions
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       
 
         24   

Derivatives and Hedge Accounting     
  The following table presents the notional and fair value of non-qualifying hedging instruments and cash flow hedges at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015:       
    The following table presents the net derivative gains (losses) recognized in the Statements of Income:   
   
    The following table presents the maximum potential amount of future payments, credit rating, and maturity
dates for the credit default swaps at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       
 
         25   

The following tables present the components of the gains or losses on derivatives that
qualify as cash flow hedges:       
    All components of each derivative s gain or loss were included in the assessment of hedge
effectiveness.      At September 30, 2016, the before-tax deferred net gains (losses) on derivatives recorded in AOCI that are
expected to be reclassified to the Statements of Income during the next twelve months are ($828). This expectation is based on the anticipated interest payments on the hedged investments in Treasury Inflation Protected Securities ( TIPS )
that will occur over the next twelve months, at which time the Company will recognize the deferred gains (losses) as an adjustment to interest income over the term of the investment cash flows.   
  The Company receives or pledges collateral related to derivative transactions. The credit support agreement contains a fair value
threshold of $1,000 over which collateral needs to be pledged by the Company or its counterparty. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the Company has pledged securities in the amount of $8,850 and $16,439, respectively, to counterparties. At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company received cash collateral from counterparties in the amount of $13,374 and $11,405, respectively.      In addition, in order to trade futures, the Company is required to post collateral to an exchange (sometimes referred to as margin). The fair value of collateral posted in relation to the futures margin
was $6,189 and $4,136 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   
         26   

Offsetting of Financial Instruments     
  The Company has derivative instruments that are subject to master netting agreements. These agreements include provisions to setoff
positions with the same counterparties in the event of default by one of the parties.      The following tables present the
offsetting of derivative assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       

(1)  
    Estimated fair value of derivatives is limited to the amount that is subject to set-off.      

(2)  
    The amount of cash collateral offset in the table above is limited to the net estimated fair value of derivatives after application of netting
agreements. Cash collateral received for over-the-counter  OTC -Bilateral and OTC-Cleared derivatives is included in cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, or in fixed maturity securities, and the obligation to return it,
beyond what is being setoff, is included in payables for collateral under securities loaned, reverse repurchase agreements and derivatives. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company received excess cash collateral of $1,647 and
$0, respectively.      

(3)  
    The receivable for the return of cash collateral provided to the counterparty, beyond what is being setoff, is included in other assets. The amount
reported in the table above does not include initial margin on Exchange-Traded and OTC-Cleared derivatives. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no excess cash collateral provided to counterparties that would be subject to
the foregoing limitation.      

(4)  
    Securities collateral received or pledged by the Company is held in separate custodial accounts and is not recorded on the Balance Sheet. The amount
of securities collateral offset in the table above is limited to the net estimated fair value of derivatives after application of netting agreements and cash collateral. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company received excess
securities collateral with an estimated fair value of $0 and $1,102, respectively, for its OTC-bilateral derivatives, which are not included in the table above due to the foregoing limitation. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
provided excess securities collateral with an estimated fair value of $2,677 and $5,592, respectively, for its OTC-Bilateral derivatives, which are not included in the table above due to the foregoing limitation. At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company also provided securities initial margin with an estimated fair value of $11,930 and $9,251, respectively, for its OTC-Cleared derivatives, which are not included in the table above.      
  There were no other financial assets or financial liabilities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 that were subject to
offsetting.   
         27   

Net Investment Income        Net investment income by source for the three and nine months ended September 30 was as follows:       
      Realized Investment Gains (Losses)        The Company considers fair value at the date of sale to be equal to the proceeds received. Proceeds and gross realized investment gains (losses) from the sale of AFS securities for the three and nine
months ended September 30 were as follows:       
    Net realized investment gains for the three and nine months ended September 30 were as follows:

28   

OTTI        The following table sets forth the amount of credit loss impairments on fixed maturity securities held by the Company at the dates indicated, for which a portion of the OTTI loss was recognized in OCI,
and the corresponding changes in such amounts at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       
    The components of OTTI reflected in the Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended
September 30 were as follows:       
 
         29   

Note 4. Value of Business Acquired ( VOBA ), Deferred Acquisition Costs ( DAC ), and Deferred Sales Inducements ( DSI )
          For a complete
discussion of the Company s VOBA, DAC and DSI accounting policies, refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.       VOBA       The change in the carrying amount of VOBA for the three and nine
months ended September 30 was as follows:       
    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in VOBA was primarily driven by the favorable
unlocking adjustment due to increased mortality assumptions and adjustments relating to unrealized gains due to the low interest rate environment. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in VOBA was primarily driven by the third
quarter favorable unlocking adjustment, amortization due to positive gross profits and adjustments relating to unrealized gains due to the low interest rate environment.       DAC       The change in the carrying amount of DAC for the three and nine months
ended September 30 was as follows:       
    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, DAC decreased as a result of increased amortization that
was driven by high Separate Accounts performance and hedge gains, offset by beginning of period unlocking for assumption updates and model changes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, DAC decreased as a result of third quarter earnings
that were driven by high Separate Account performance and hedge gains, offset by beginning of period unlocking for assumption updates and model changes.   
         30   

DSI       The change in the carrying amount of DSI for the three and nine months ended September 30 was as follows:       
    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, DSI decreased as a result of increased amortization that
was driven by high Separate Accounts performance and hedge gains, partially offset by beginning of period unlocking for assumption updates and model changes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, DSI decreased as a result of third quarter
earnings that were driven by high Separate Account performance and hedge gains, partially offset by beginning of period unlocking for assumption updates and model changes.   
           Note 5. Variable Contracts Containing Guaranteed Benefits        
  The Company records liabilities for contracts containing a GMDB and GMIB as a component of future policy benefits on the Balance Sheets
and changes in the liabilities are included as a component of policy benefits in the Statements of Income.      The components of
the changes in the GMDB and GMIB liabilities for the three and nine months ended September 30 were as follows:       
    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in GMDB liabilities was driven by unlocking
adjustments for assumption updates and model changes, higher equity returns and higher bond and money market returns. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in GMDB liabilities was driven by unlocking adjustments for
assumption updates and model changes, higher equity returns, and a decrease in interest rates. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in GMIB liabilities was driven by higher equity returns offset by unlocking adjustments for
assumption updates and model changes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in GMIB liabilities was driven by the expected increase in reserves and a decrease in interest rates.   
  The Company has not incurred or paid any benefits related to the GMWB product.   
         31   

Note 6. Income Taxes        
  The effective tax rate was not meaningful for the nine months ended either September 30, 2016, or 2015. Differences between the effective
rate and the U.S. statutory rate of 35% principally were the result of the Separate Accounts dividends-received deduction ( DRD ) and the valuation allowance on net operating loss ( NOL ) carryforwards.   
  The Company provides for deferred income taxes resulting from temporary differences that arise from recording certain transactions in
different years for income tax reporting purposes than for financial reporting purposes. The asset and liability method requires that deferred taxes be adjusted to reflect the tax rates at which future taxable amounts will be settled or realized.
The Company provides for federal income taxes based on amounts it believes it will ultimately owe. Inherent in the provision for federal income taxes are estimates regarding the realization of certain tax deductions and credits.   
  The income tax expense (benefit) for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.   
  The income tax asset (liability) consists of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   
   
    At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a tax valuation allowance for deferred tax
assets of $111,869 and $130,946, respectively (this includes losses that are anticipated to be used in the consolidated group to reflect the income statement impact of the losses that wouldn t be used if filing separately). In assessing the
realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that all or some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which those temporary differences are deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making the assessment.   
  The Company has analyzed all material tax positions under the guidance of ASC 740, Income Taxes, related to the accounting for
uncertainty in income tax, and determined there were tax benefits of $3,556 (gross $10,162) and $3,404 (gross $9,727), respectively, that should not be recognized at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, which primarily relate to uncertainty
regarding the sustainability of certain deductions taken on the 2008-2015 U.S. Federal income tax returns. To the extent these unrecognized tax benefits are ultimately recognized, they will impact the effective tax rate in a future period. It is not
anticipated that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase within twelve months of the reporting date.   
         32   

The components of the change in the unrecognized tax benefits were as follows:   
   
    At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a net operating loss carry forward for
federal income tax purposes of $612,061 (net of the ASC 740 reduction of $10,162) and $577,762 (net of the ASC 740 reduction of $9,727), respectively, with a carry forward period of fifteen years that expires at various dates between 2023 and 2031.
At both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a capital loss carry forward of $84 for federal income tax purposes with a carry forward period of five years that will expire in 2018. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company had a foreign tax credit carry forward of $9,573 and $8,869, respectively, with a carry forward period of ten years that will expire at various dates up to 2026. Also, the Company has an Alternative Minimum Tax credit carry forward for
federal income tax purposes of $4,216 at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, with an indefinite carry forward period.      The Company classifies interest and penalties related to income taxes as interest expense and penalty expense, respectively. The Company did not recognize any penalties in its Financial Statements at
September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. The Company recognized interest expense of $107 and $86 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      The Company records taxes on a separate company basis. Effective January 1, 2013 for federal income tax purposes the Company joined in a consolidated income tax return filing with its direct parent,
Transamerica Corporation, and other affiliated companies. The method of allocation between the companies is subject to a written tax allocation agreement. Under the terms of the agreement, taxes are payable to or receivable from Transamerica
Corporation in amounts that would result had the Company filed a separate tax return with taxing authorities. Any tax differences between the Company s separately calculated provision and cash flows attributable to benefits from consolidation
have been recognized as capital contributions from Transamerica Corporation. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company recognized capital contributions from (distributions to) Transamerica Corporation and contributions from AUSA in
connection with the tax allocation agreement in the amount of ($5,750) and $68,492, respectively. Intercompany income tax balances are settled within thirty days of payment to or filing with the Internal Revenue Service.   
  The Company filed a separate federal income tax return for the years 2008 through 2012. The Company was part of the consolidated tax
return for 2013 and 2014. An examination by the Internal Revenue Service is in progress for the years 2011 through 2013. The Company believes that there are adequate defenses against or sufficient provisions established related to any open or
contested tax positions. A consolidated tax return has been filed for 2015.   
         33   

Note 7. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income    
      The changes in AOCI by component
for the three and nine months ended September 30 were as follows:       

(a)  
  All amounts are net of tax.     
         34   

The reclassifications out of AOCI for the three and nine months ended September 30 were as follows:
      
             Note 8. Stockholder s Equity and Statutory Accounting Principles        
  The Company s statutory financial statements are presented on the basis of accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the
Insurance Department of the State of Arkansas. The State of Arkansas has adopted the National Association of Insurance Commissioners  ( NAIC ) statutory accounting principles as the basis of its statutory accounting principles.
     The Company s statutory net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $20,821 and $104,663,
respectively. Statutory capital and surplus at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $705,438 and $790,252, respectively.  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company paid $75,000 in extraordinary dividends to Transamerica Corporation. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company did not pay any dividends to AUSA. During the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, the Company paid a $5,762 return of capital to Transamerica Corporation and received capital contributions of $11,666
from AUSA, respectively.   
         35   

Note 9. Reinsurance        
  In the normal course of business, the Company seeks to limit its exposure to loss on any single insured life and to recover a portion of
benefits paid by ceding mortality risk to other insurance enterprises or reinsurers under indemnity reinsurance agreements, primarily quota share coverage and coinsurance agreements. The maximum amount of mortality risk retained by the Company is
approximately $1,000 on single and joint life policies. The current period receivable is due to one In Course of Settlement ( ICOS ) claim for $2,000.      Indemnity reinsurance agreements do not relieve the Company from its obligations to contract owners. Failure of reinsurers to honor their obligations could result in losses to the Company. The Company
regularly evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers so as to minimize its exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. The Company did not have a reinsurance reserve at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   
  In addition, the Company seeks to limit its exposure to guaranteed benefit features contained in certain variable annuity contracts.
Specifically, the Company reinsures certain GMIB and a GMDB provision to the extent reinsurance capacity is available in the marketplace. The account value for variable annuity contracts containing GMIB and GMDB provisions that were reinsured were
34% and 4%, respectively, at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.       
       Note 10. Related Party Transactions
          At September 30,
2016, the Company had the following related party agreements in effect:      The Company is party to a common cost allocation
service agreement between Transamerica Corporation companies in which various affiliated companies may perform specified administrative functions in connection with the operation of the Company, in consideration of reimbursement of actual costs
related to services rendered. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $2,799 and $7,587, respectively, in expenses under this agreement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company
incurred $2,472 and $7,977, respectively, in expenses under this agreement. Charges attributable to this agreement are included in insurance expenses and taxes, net of amounts capitalized.   
  The Company was party to intercompany short-term note receivable arrangements with its parent and affiliates at various times during the
year. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company accrued and/or received $0 and $27 of interest, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company accrued and /or received $8 and $9 of
interest income, respectively. Interest related to these arrangements is included in net investment income.      AEGON USA Realty
Advisors, LLC acts as the manager and administrator for the Company s mortgage loans on real estate under an administrative and advisory agreement with the Company. Charges attributable to this agreement are included in net investment income.
During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $48 and $134, respectively, under this agreement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred charges of $36 and $102, respectively,
under this agreement. Mortgage loan origination fees are amortized into net investment income over the life of the mortgage loans.      AEGON USA Investment Management, LLC acts as a discretionary investment manager under an investment management agreement with the Company. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company incurred $494 and $1,498, respectively, in expenses under this agreement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred $437 and $1,278, respectively, in expenses under this agreement. Charges attributable
to this agreement are included in net investment income.      Transamerica Capital, Inc. provides underwriting and distribution
services for the Company under an underwriting agreement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $6,212 and $18,348, respectively, in expenses under this agreement. During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the Company incurred $7,547 and $22,200, respectively, in expenses under this agreement. Charges attributable to this agreement are included in insurance expenses and taxes, net of amounts capitalized.   
         36   

Transamerica Asset Management, Inc. acts as the investment advisor for certain related party
funds in the Company s Separate Accounts under multiple service agreements. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $82 and $241, respectively, in expenses under this agreement. During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred $89 and $275, respectively, in expenses under this agreement.      The
Company has a participation agreement with Transamerica Series Trust to offer certain funds in the Company s Separate Accounts. Transamerica Capital, Inc. acts as the distributor for such related party funds. The Company has entered into a
distribution and shareholder services agreement for certain of such funds. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company received $593 and $1,593, respectively, in revenue under this agreement. During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, the Company received $589 and $1,825, respectively, in revenue under this agreement. Revenue attributable to this agreement is included in policy charge revenue.   
  The Company purchases and sells investments from/to various affiliated companies. The investments are purchased and sold using the fair
value on the date of the acquisition or disposition. The purchasing and selling of investments between affiliated companies for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:   
   
    While management believes that the service agreements referenced above are calculated on a reasonable
basis, they may not necessarily be indicative of the costs that would have been incurred with an unrelated third party. Affiliated agreements generally contain reciprocal indemnity provisions pertaining to each party s representations and
contractual obligations thereunder.           
   Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies    
      State insurance laws generally
require that all life insurers who are licensed to transact business within a state become members of the state s life insurance guaranty association. These associations have been established for the protection of contract owners from loss
(within specified limits) as a result of the insolvency of an insurer. At the time insolvency occurs, the guaranty association assesses the remaining members of the association an amount sufficient to satisfy the insolvent insurer s contract
owner obligations (within specified limits). The Company has utilized public information to estimate the future assessments it will incur as a result of life insurance company insolvencies. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
Company s estimated liability for future guaranty fund assessments was $143 and $144. If future insolvencies occur, the Company s estimated liability may not be sufficient to fund these insolvencies and the estimated liability may need to
be adjusted. The Company regularly monitors public information regarding insurer insolvencies and adjusts its estimated liability as appropriate. In addition, the Company has a receivable for future premium tax deductions of $4,011 and $4,240 at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      Legal and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and future
events could change management s assessment of the probability or estimated amount of potential losses from pending or threatened proceedings. Based on available information, it is the opinion of management that the ultimate resolution of
pending or threatened legal and regulatory proceedings both individually and in the aggregate, will not result in losses having a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or liquidity as of September 30, 2016. If management
believes that, based on available information, it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss (or additional material loss in excess of any accrual) will be incurred in connection with any legal or regulatory proceedings, the Company
discloses an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss, either individually or in the aggregate, as appropriate, if such an estimate can be made, or discloses that an estimate cannot be made. Based on the Company s assessment as of
September 30, 2016, no such disclosures were considered necessary.   
         37   

Note 12. Segment Information    
      In reporting to management, the
Company s operating results are categorized into two business segments: Annuity and Life Insurance. The Company s Annuity segment consists of variable annuity and interest-sensitive annuity contracts. The Company s Life Insurance
segment consists of variable life insurance and interest-sensitive life insurance contracts. The accounting policies of the business segments are the same as those for the Company s Financial Statements included herein. All revenue and expense
transactions are recorded at the contract level and accumulated at the business segment level for review by management.      The
following tables summarize each business segment s contribution to select Statements of Income information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

(a)  
  Net revenues include total revenues net of interest credited to policyholder liabilities.     
         38   

Item 2. Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations    
  This Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes
to Financial Statements included herein.       Forward Looking Statements    
  Certain statements in this report may be considered forward-looking, including those about management expectations, strategic objectives,
growth opportunities, business prospects, anticipated financial results and other similar matters. The words or phrases  expect,   anticipate,   look forward,   should,   believe  and similar
statements of a future or forward-looking nature that reflect management s current views with respect to future events or financial performance are meant to identify  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are subject to the safe harbor created by such sections. These forward-looking statements represent management s beliefs regarding
future performance, which is inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control, of the Company, as defined below, which affect the Company s operations, performance, business strategy and results and
could cause its actual results and experience to differ materially from the expectations and objectives expressed in any forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, actions and initiatives taken by current and
potential competitors, general economic conditions, the effects of current, pending and future legislation, regulation and regulatory actions, the political, monetary, economic and operational impacts of the  Brexit  referendum held on
June 23, 2016 in which the U.K. electorate voted to withdraw from the E.U. and the other risks and uncertainties detailed in this report and in the  Risk Factors  section in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Accordingly,
readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company does not undertake to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of
circumstances or events that arise after the dates they are made except as otherwise may be required by the federal securities laws. The reader should, however, consult further disclosures the Company may make in future filings of its Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K.           
   Business Overview        
  Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company ( TALIC , the  Registrant , the  Company ,  we ,
 our , or  us ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Transamerica Corporation which is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AEGON N.V., a limited liability share company organized under Dutch law. The Company is domiciled in
Arkansas.      TALIC conducts its business primarily in the annuity markets and to a lesser extent in the life insurance and fixed
contingent annuity markets of the financial services industry. Currently, the Company is not issuing new life insurance, variable annuity and market value adjusted annuity products. In the past, the Company offered the following guaranteed
benefits within its variable annuity product suite: GMDB, GMIB and GMWB. In 2012, the Company began selling a fixed contingent annuity (also sometimes referred to as a CDA that includes a SALB. A SALB is essentially a guaranteed lifetime
withdrawal benefit which exists independently and is applied to mutual funds and exchange traded funds. As of November 22, 2015, the Company no longer issues CDAs to new investors. Existing certificate owners of CDAs may continue to make subsequent
contributions, as permitted by the terms of their CDA contracts.      The Company s gross earnings are principally derived
from two sources:       

the charges imposed by the outstanding variable annuity, CDA and variable life insurance contracts, and      

the net earnings from investments of fixed rate life insurance and annuity contract owner deposits less interest credited to contract owners,
commonly known as interest spread.         Previously incurred costs associated with acquiring contract owner
deposits (DAC) are amortized over the period in which the Company anticipates holding those funds, as noted in the  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  section below. Insurance expenses and taxes reported in the Statements of Income are
net of amounts deferred. In addition, the Company incurs expenses associated with maintenance of in force contracts (costs associated with previously sold policies and costs relating to issuing policies).   
         39   

Deposits        
  Total direct deposits (including internal exchanges) were as follows:   

(a)  
  Represent tax-free exchanges of cash value from one life insurance policy to another by current policyholders of the Company.     
  Deposits are currently limited to additions to existing policies which will result in fluctuations period over period.   
           Financial Condition        
  At September 30, 2016, the Company s assets were $9.029 billion or $136.8 million lower than the $9.166 billion in assets at
December 31, 2015. Assets excluding Separate Accounts assets increased $78.2 million to $3.303 billion during the third quarter of 2016. Separate Accounts assets, which represent 63% of total assets, decreased $215.0 million to $5.726 billion at
September 30, 2016. Changes in Separate Accounts assets were as follows:       
    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, fixed contract owner deposits were less than
$0.1 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, fixed contract owner withdrawals were $63.0 million and $60.7 million, respectively.       
       Business Environment    
      The Company s financial
position and/or results of operations are primarily impacted by the following economic factors: equity market performance, fluctuations in medium-term interest rates, and the corporate credit environment which affects credit quality and causes
fluctuations in credit spreads. The following discusses the impact of each of these economic factors.       Equity Market Performance
      The investment performances of the underlying U.S. equity-based mutual funds supporting the Company s variable
products do not replicate the returns of any specific U.S. equity market index. However, investment performance will generally increase or decrease with corresponding increases or decreases in the overall U.S. equity market. There are several
standard indices published on a daily basis that measure performance of selected components of the U.S. equity market. Examples include the Dow Jones Industrial Average ( Dow ), the NASDAQ Composite Index ( NASDAQ ) and the
Standard   Poor s 500 Composite Stock Price Index ( S P ). For the period ended September 30, 2016, the NASDAQ and S P increased 6%, while the Dow increased 5% from December 31, 2015.   
  Changes in the U.S. equity market directly affect the values of the underlying U.S. equity-based mutual funds supporting Separate
Accounts assets and, accordingly, the values of variable contract owner account balances. Approximately 75% of Separate Accounts assets were invested in equity-based mutual funds at September 30, 2016.
  
         40   

Since asset-based fees collected on in force contracts represent a significant source of revenue, the Company s financial condition will be impacted by fluctuations in investment performance
of equity-based Separate Accounts assets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, average variable account balances decreased $0.9 billion (or 13%) to $5.7 billion as compared to the same period in 2015, resulting in a decrease in related
fees of $7.4 million.      Fluctuations in the U.S. equity market also directly impact the Company s exposure to guaranteed
benefit provisions contained in the contracts it enters into. Minimal or negative investment performance generally results in greater exposure to guarantee provisions. Prolonged periods of minimal or negative investment performance will result in
greater guaranteed benefit costs as compared to assumptions. If the Company determines that it needs to increase its estimated long term cost of guaranteed benefits, it will need to establish higher guaranteed benefit liabilities than it has
established in the past.       Medium-Term Interest Rates, Corporate Credit and Credit Spreads    
  Changes in interest rates affect the value of investments, primarily fixed maturity securities and preferred equity securities, as well as
interest-sensitive liabilities. Changes in interest rates have an inverse relationship to the value of investments and interest-sensitive liabilities. Also, since the Company has certain fixed products that contain guaranteed minimum crediting
rates, decreases in interest rates can decrease the amount of interest spread earned.      Changes in the corporate credit
environment directly impact the value of the Company s investments, primarily fixed maturity securities. The Company primarily invests in investment-grade corporate debt to support its fixed rate product liabilities.   
  Credit spreads represent the credit risk premiums required by market participants for a given credit quality, i.e., the additional yield
that a debt instrument issued by an AA-rated entity must produce over a risk-free alternative (e.g., U.S. Treasury instruments). Changes in credit spreads have an inverse relationship to the value of interest sensitive investments.   
  The impact of changes in medium-term interest rates, corporate credit and credit spreads on market valuations were as follows:

(a)  
  The Company defines medium-term interest rates as the average interest rate on U.S. Treasury securities with terms of one to five years.     

(b)  
  The Company defines credit spreads according to the Merrill Lynch U.S. Corporate Bond Index for BBB-A Rated bonds with three to five year maturities.
                Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates        
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions affecting the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment and available information. Therefore, actual results could differ and could
have a material impact on the financial statements.      The Company s critical accounting policies and estimates are
discussed below. For a full description of these and other accounting policies see Note 1 of the 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.   
         41   

Valuation of Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities    
  The Company s investments consist principally of fixed maturity and equity securities that are classified as AFS and are reported at
estimated fair value. The fair values of fixed maturity and equity securities are determined by management after taking into consideration several sources of data. When available, the Company uses quoted market prices in active markets to determine
the fair value of its investments. The Company s valuation policy utilizes a pricing hierarchy which dictates that publicly available prices are initially sought from indices and third-party pricing services. In the event that pricing is not
available from these sources, those securities are submitted to brokers to obtain quotes. If broker quotes are not available, then securities are priced using internal cash flow modeling techniques. These valuation methodologies commonly use
reported trades, bids, offers, issuer spreads, benchmark yields, estimated prepayment speeds, and/or estimated cash flows.      To
understand the valuation methodologies used by third-party pricing services, the Company reviews and monitors their applicable methodology documents. Any changes to their methodologies are noted and reviewed for reasonableness. In addition, the
Company performs periodic in-depth reviews of prices received from third-party pricing services. The objective for such reviews is to demonstrate that the Company can corroborate detailed information such as assumptions, inputs and methodologies
used in pricing individual securities against documented pricing methodologies. Only third-party pricing services and brokers with a substantial presence in the market and with appropriate experience and expertise are used.   
  Each month, the Company performs an analysis of the information obtained from third-party services and brokers to ensure that the
information is reasonable and produces a reasonable estimate of fair value. The Company considers both qualitative and quantitative factors as part of this analysis, including but not limited to, recent transactional activity for similar fixed
maturities, review of pricing statistics and trends, and consideration of recent relevant market events. Other controls and procedures over pricing received from indices, third-party pricing services, or brokers include validation checks such as
exception reports that highlight significant price changes, stale prices or un-priced securities. In addition, the Company performs back testing on a sample basis. Back testing involves selecting a sample of securities trades and comparing the
prices in those transactions to prices used for financial reporting. Significant variances between the price used for financial reporting and the transaction price are investigated to explain the cause of the difference.   
  The Company s portfolio of private placement securities is valued using a matrix pricing methodology. The pricing methodology is
obtained from a third party service and indicates current spreads for securities based on weighted average life, credit rating and industry sector. On a monthly basis, the Company reviews the matrix to ensure the spreads are reasonable by comparing
them to observed spreads for similar securities traded in the market. In order to account for the illiquid nature of these securities, illiquidity premiums are included in the valuation and are determined based upon the pricing of recent
transactions in the private placement market as well as comparing the value of the privately offered security to a similar public security. The impact of the illiquidity premium to the overall valuation is less than 2% of the fair value. At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately $112.2 million (or 6.7%) and $110.9 million (or 7.0%), respectively, of the Company s fixed maturity and equity securities portfolio consisted of private placement securities.   
  Changes in the fair value of fixed maturity and equity securities deemed AFS are reported as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes on the Balance Sheets and are not reflected in the Statements of Income until a sale transaction occurs or when credit-related declines in estimated fair value are deemed other-than-temporary.   
   Other-Than-Temporary Impairment Losses on Investments       The Company regularly reviews each investment in its fixed maturity and equity AFS securities portfolio to evaluate the necessity of recording impairment losses for other-than-temporary declines in the
fair value of investments. Management makes this determination through a series of discussions with the Company s portfolio managers and credit analysts, and information obtained from external sources (i.e. company announcements, ratings agency
announcements, or news wire services). For fixed maturity AFS securities, the Company also considers whether it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery. The factors that may give
rise to a potential OTTI include, but are not limited to, 1) certain credit-related events such as default of principal or interest payments by the issuer, 2) bankruptcy of issuer, 3) certain security restructurings, and 4) fair market value less
than cost or amortized cost for an extended period of time. In the absence of a readily ascertainable market value, the estimated fair value on these securities represents management s best estimate and is based on comparable securities and
other assumptions as appropriate. Management bases this determination on the most recent information available.   
         42   

For equity securities, once management determines that a decline in the value of an AFS
security is other-than-temporary, the cost basis of the equity security is reduced to its fair value, with a corresponding charge to earnings.      Objective evidence of impairment of an investment in an equity instrument classified as AFS includes information about significant changes with an adverse effect that have taken place in the
technological, market, economic or legal environment in which the issuer operates, that indicates that the cost of the investment in the equity instrument may not be recovered. As part of an ongoing process, the equity analysts actively monitor
earnings releases, company fundamentals, new developments and industry trends for any signs of possible impairment. If an AFS equity security is impaired based upon the Company s qualitative or quantitative impairment criteria, any further
declines in the fair value at subsequent reporting dates are recognized as impairments. Therefore, at each reporting period, for an equity security that is determined to be impaired based upon the Company s impairment criteria, an impairment is
recognized for the difference between the fair value and the original cost basis, less any previously recognized impairments.   
  For fixed maturity AFS securities, an OTTI must be recognized in earnings when an entity either a) has the intent to sell the debt
security, or b) is more likely than not to be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery. If the Company meets either of these criteria, the OTTI is recognized in earnings in an amount equal to the entire difference between
the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the balance sheet date. For fixed maturity AFS securities in unrealized loss positions that do not meet these criteria, the Company must analyze its ability to recover the amortized cost
by comparing the net present value of projected future cash flows with the amortized cost of the security. The net present value is calculated by discounting the Company s best estimate of projected future cash flows. If the net present value
is less than the amortized cost of the investment, an OTTI is recorded. The OTTI is separated into two pieces: an amount representing the credit loss, where the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost
basis of the security, and an amount related to all other factors (referred to as the non-credit portion). The credit loss is recognized in earnings and the non-credit loss is recognized in OCI, net of applicable taxes and value of business
acquired. Management records subsequent changes in the estimated fair value (positive and negative) of fixed maturity AFS securities for which non-credit OTTI was previously recognized in OCI in  Net unrealized other-than-temporary impairments
on securities.       For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded an OTTI in income of $0.0
million and $0.01 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded an OTTI in income of $4.7 million and $1.9 million, respectively.   
  Debt securities are monitored individually for impairments based on our asset specialists  expectations of payment interruption in
the next 12-18 months. The probability of interruption is based on assessments of capital markets, funding needs and the liquidity profile of the issuer.       Mortgage Loans on Real Estate       Mortgage loans on real estate are carried at
unpaid principal balances adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts and are net of valuation allowances and generic reserves. The fair value of mortgage loans on real estate is estimated by discounting the future cash flows
using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and/or similar remaining maturities. Interest income is accrued on the principal balance of the loan based on the loan s contractual interest
rate. Premiums and discounts are amortized using the effective yield method over the life of the loan. Interest income and amortization of premiums and discounts are reported in net investment income along with mortgage loan fees, which are recorded
as they are incurred.      Loans are considered impaired when it is probable that based upon current information and events, the
Company will be unable to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. When the Company determines that a loan is impaired, a valuation allowance is established for the excess carrying value of the loan over its
estimated collateral value. Changing economic conditions impact the valuation of mortgage loans. Changing amounts of vacancies and rents are incorporated into the discounted cash flow analysis that the Company performs for monitored loans and may
contribute to the establishment of (or an increase or decrease in) an allowance for losses. In addition, the Company continues to monitor the entire commercial mortgage loan portfolio to identify risk. Areas of emphasis are properties that have
deteriorating credits or have experienced debt coverage reduction. Where warranted, the Company has established or increased loss reserves based upon this analysis. The Company does not accrue interest on loans ninety days past due. The Company also
establishes a general reserve that is calculated by applying a percentage, based on risk rating and maturity, to the outstanding loan balance.   
         43   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was $103.6 million and $92.9 million,
respectively, in mortgage loans on real estate recorded on the Balance Sheets. The estimated fair value of the mortgage loans on real estate at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $108.1 million and $92.9 million, respectively.
There were no impaired mortgage loans at September 30, 2016. At both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the general reserve was less than $0.1 million. The change in the valuation allowance and the general reserve is reflected in net
realized investment gains (losses), excluding OTTI losses on securities in the Statements of Income. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no commercial mortgage loans that had two or more payments delinquent. See Note 3 to the
Financial Statements for further discussion.       Derivatives and Hedge Accounting    
  In Q4 2015, the Company s GMWB dynamic hedge program targets were realigned to reduce structural differences in hedge positions that
had previously created earnings volatility. In an effort to align hedge programs with the Company s earnings presentation and reduce the Company s earnings volatility, management changed the hedge model from an economic basis to a
non-qualifying fair value basis at December 31, 2015. This is consistent with the Company s GAAP reporting framework. In addition to the change to the basis of hedge position, management expanded the risk coverage for the Company s GMWB by
moving to three hedges (Equity: Delta/Gamma, Interest Rate: Rho). Only the Equity Delta hedge was included in the program before this change. This helped reduce the hedge mismatch as the majority of the market impacts are hedged through the
additional equity and interest rate coverage.      Management considers the hedge to be more effective with the changes discussed
above. Moving to the non-qualifying fair value hedge basis reduced the undesired hedge mismatch associated with the hedging positions that were not calculated consistently with the reporting framework. More market risks are now hedged by adding
equity (Gamma) hedges and interest rate (Rho) hedges which reduces the hedge mismatch and improves the hedge effectiveness.   
  For further discussion of the Company s use of derivatives, see the Results of Operations and Note 3 to the Financial Statements.
      Securities Lending       Financial assets that are lent to a third party or that are transferred subject to a repurchase agreement at a fixed price are not derecognized as the Company retains substantially all of the risks and
rewards of asset ownership. The loaned securities are included in fixed maturity AFS securities on the Balance Sheets. A liability is recognized for cash collateral received, required initially at 102%, on which interest is accrued. If the fair
value of the collateral is at any time less than 102% of the fair value of the loaned securities, the counterparty is mandated to deliver additional collateral, the fair value of which, together with the collateral already held in connection with
the lending transaction, is at least equal to 102% of the fair value of the loaned securities.      The following table provides a
summary of the securities under securities lending agreements at:       
     Reverse Repurchase Agreements       The Company enters into dollar roll repurchase agreement transactions whereby the Company takes delivery of mortgage-backed securities ( MBS ) pools and sells them to a counterparty along with
an agreement to repurchase substantially the same pools at some point in the future, typically one month forward. These transactions are accounted for as collateralized borrowings, and the repurchase agreement liability is included on the Balance
Sheets in payables for collateral under securities loaned and reverse repurchase agreements.   
         44   

The following table provides a summary of the securities under reverse repurchase agreements
at:       
     Value of Business Acquired ( VOBA ), Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs ( DAC ), and Deferred Sales
Inducements ( DSI )         VOBA        VOBA reflects the estimated fair value of in force contracts acquired and represents the portion of the purchase price that is allocated to the value of the right to receive future cash flows from the
insurance and annuity contracts in force at the acquisition date. VOBA is based on actuarially determined projections, for each block of business, of future policy and contract charges, premiums, mortality, policyholder behavior, Separate Account
performance, operating expenses, investment returns, and other factors. Actual experience on the purchased business may vary from these projections. If estimated gross profits or premiums differ from expectations, the amortization of VOBA is
adjusted to reflect actual experience. The impact of revisions and assumptions to estimates on cumulative amortization is recorded as a charge or credit to current operations, commonly referred to as  unlocking.    
  For acquired annuity and variable life insurance contracts, VOBA is amortized in proportion to estimated gross profits arising
principally from investment margins, mortality and expense margins, rider margins, and surrender charges, based on historical and anticipated future experience, which is updated periodically. Revisions in estimates result in changes to the amounts
amortized in the reporting period in which the revisions are made and could result in the impairment of the asset and a charge to income if estimated future gross profits are less than the unamortized balance.   
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s VOBA asset was $216.8 million and $259.5 million, respectively. For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the unfavorable impact to pre-tax net income related to VOBA unlocking was $12.9 million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the unfavorable impact to pre-tax net income related to
VOBA unlocking was less than $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively.        DAC     
  The costs of acquiring business, principally commissions, certain expenses related to policy issuance, and certain variable sales expenses
that relate to and vary with the production of new and renewal business are deferred and amortized based on the estimated future gross profits for the group of acquired contracts. DAC are subject to recoverability testing at the time of the policy
issuance and loss recognition testing at the end of each reporting period.      DAC for variable annuities are amortized with
interest over the anticipated lives of the insurance contracts in relation to the present values of estimated future gross profits from asset-based fees, guaranteed benefit rider fees, contract fees, and surrender charges, less a provision for
guaranteed death and living benefit expenses, policy maintenance expenses, and non-capitalized commissions. Future gross profit estimates are subject to periodic evaluation with necessary revisions applied against amortization to date. Changes in
assumptions can have a significant impact on the amount of DAC reported and the related amortization patterns. In general, increases in the estimated Separate Accounts return and decreases in surrender or mortality assumptions increase the expected
future profitability of the underlying business and may lower the rate of DAC amortization. Conversely, decreases in the estimated Separate Accounts returns and increases in surrender or mortality assumptions reduce the expected future profitability
of the underlying business and may increase the rate of DAC amortization.      At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
variable annuities accounted for the Company s entire DAC asset of $35.1 million and $37.5 million, respectively. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the favorable impact to pre-tax net income related to DAC unlocking
was $1.6 million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the unfavorable impact to pre-tax net income related to DAC unlocking was $1.3 million and $1.4 million, respectively.   
         45   

DSI        The Company offers a sales inducement whereby the contract owner receives a bonus that increases the initial account balance by an amount equal to a specified percentage of the contract owner s
additional deposit. This amount may be subject to recapture under certain circumstances. Consistent with DAC, sales inducements for variable annuity contracts are deferred and amortized based on the estimated future gross profits for each group of
contracts. These future gross profit estimates are subject to periodic evaluation by the Company, with necessary revisions applied against amortization to date. It is reasonably possible that estimates of future gross profits could be reduced in the
future, resulting in a material reduction in the carrying amount of the DSI asset.      The expense and the subsequent
capitalization and amortization (accretion) are recorded as a component of policy benefits in the Statements of Income. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, variable annuities accounted for the Company s entire DSI asset of $8.0 million
and $8.5 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the favorable impact to pre-tax income related to unlocking was $0.4 million and $0.3 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the unfavorable impact to pre-tax income related to unlocking was $0.3 million for both periods.      The
long-term equity growth rate assumption for the amortization of VOBA, DAC and DSI was 8% at each of September 30, 2016 and 2015.   
   Policyholder Account Balances       The Company s liability for policyholder account balances represents the contract value that has accrued to the benefit of policyholders as of the Balance Sheet date. The liability is generally equal
to the accumulated account deposits plus interest credited less policyholders  withdrawals and other charges assessed against the account balance. Policyholder account balances at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $1.1 billion and
$1.2 billion, respectively.       Future Policy Benefits       Future policy benefits are actuarially determined liabilities, which are calculated to meet future obligations and are generally payable over an extended period of time. Principal assumptions used in the
establishment of liabilities for future policy benefits are mortality, surrender rates, policy expenses, equity returns, interest rates, and inflation. These estimates and assumptions are influenced by historical experience, current developments and
anticipated market trends. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, future policy benefits were $519.4 million and $518.9 million, respectively.      Included within future policy benefits are liabilities for GMDB and GMIB provisions contained in the variable products that the Company issues.   
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, GMDB and GMIB liabilities included within future policy benefits were as follows:
      
    The Company regularly evaluates the assumptions used to establish these liabilities, as well as actual
experience, and adjusts GMDB and GMIB liabilities with a related charge or credit to earnings ( unlocking ) if actual experience or evidence suggests that the assumptions should be revised. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, the favorable (unfavorable) impact to pre-tax income related to GMDB and GMIB unlocking was $31.0 million and $(20.9) million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the unfavorable impact to pre-tax income
related to both GMDB and GMIB unlocking was $58.5 million and $54.4 million, respectively.   
         46   

Future policy benefits also include liabilities, which can be either positive or negative,
for contracts containing GMWB and SALB provisions based on the fair value of the underlying benefit. GMWB and GMIB reinsurance are treated as embedded derivatives and are required to be reported separately from the host contract. The fair values of
these guarantees are calculated as the present value of future expected payments to policyholders less the present value of assessed fees attributable to the guarantees. Given the complexity and long-term nature of these guarantees, which are unlike
instruments available in financial markets, their fair values are determined using stochastic techniques under a variety of market return scenarios. A variety of factors are considered, including expected market rates of return, equity and interest
rate volatility, credit spread, correlations of market returns, discount rates and actuarial assumptions. Currently, the Company does not hedge the risks associated with the SALB.   
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, GMWB liability and GMIB reinsurance asset were as follows:   
   
    At both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the future policy benefits for the SALB liability were
$0.5 million.       Income Taxes       The Company uses the asset and liability method in providing income taxes on all transactions that have been recognized in the financial statements. The asset and liability method requires that deferred
taxes be adjusted to reflect the tax rates at which future taxable amounts will be settled or realized. The Company provides for income taxes based on amounts that it believes it will ultimately owe. Inherent in the provision for income taxes are
estimates regarding the realization of certain tax deductions and credits.      Specific estimates include the realization of
dividend-received deductions ( DRD ) and foreign tax credits ( FTC ). A portion of the Company s investment income related to Separate Accounts business qualifies for the DRD and FTC. Information necessary to calculate these
tax adjustments is typically not available until the following year. However, within the current year s provision, management makes estimates regarding the future tax deductibility of these items. These estimates are primarily based on recent
historic experience. See Note 6 to the Financial Statements for a further discussion.      The Company had a deferred tax asset at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for the benefit of net operating loss carry forwards of $612.1 million (net of an ASC 740 reduction of $10.2 million) and $577.8 million (net of an ASC 740 reduction of $9.7 million), respectively, with a
carry forward period of fifteen years that will expire at various dates between 2023 and 2031. At both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a deferred tax asset for a capital loss carry forward of $84 for federal income tax
purposes with a carry forward period of five years that will expire in 2018. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a deferred tax asset for foreign tax credit carry forward of $9.6 million and $8.9 million, respectively, with
a carry forward period of ten years that will expire at various dates up to 2026. Finally, the Company had a deferred tax asset for an Alternative Minimum Tax credit carry forward for federal income tax purposes of $4.2 million at both September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, with an indefinite carry forward period.      The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $111.9 million and $130.9 million, respectively (this included losses that are anticipated to be used in the consolidated group to reflect the income statement impact of the losses that would not be used
if filing separately). The valuation allowance is related to the loss carry forwards, tax credits, and other deferred tax assets that, in the current judgment of management, are not more likely than not to be realized. In assessing the realizability
of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that all or some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on future generation of future taxable income
during the periods in which those temporary differences are deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making the assessment. The amount of deferred
tax asset considered realizable, however, could be increased in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carry forward period are increased.      The Company filed a separate federal income tax return for the years 2008 through 2012. A consolidated tax return was filed for 2013 and 2014. An examination by the Internal Revenue Service is in progress
for the years 2011 through 2013. The Company believes that there are adequate defenses against or sufficient provisions established related to any open or contested tax positions. A consolidated tax return has been filed for 2015.   
         47   

Investments        
  The Company maintains a general account investment portfolio comprised primarily of investment grade fixed maturity securities, policy
loans, cash and cash equivalents and mortgage loans on real estate.        Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities     
  The amortized cost/cost, gross unrealized gains and losses/OTTI, estimated fair value and percentage of estimated fair value of
investments in fixed maturity and equity AFS securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were:       
 
         48   

(a)  
  Subsequent unrealized gains (losses) on OTTI securities are included in OCI-OTTI.       The Company monitors industry sectors and individual debt securities for evidence of impairment. This evidence may include one or more of the following: 1) deteriorating market to book ratio, 2)
increasing industry risk factors, 3) deteriorating financial condition of the issuer, 4) covenant violations of the issuer, 5) high probability of bankruptcy of the issuer, 6) nationally recognized credit rating agency downgrades, and/or 7) intent
or requirement to sell before a debt security s anticipated recovery. Additionally, for structured securities (asset-backed securities ( ABS ), residential mortgage-backed securities ( RMBS ), and commercial mortgage-backed
securities ( CMBS )), cash flow trends and underlying levels of collateral are monitored. A security is impaired if there is objective evidence that a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset that has a negative
impact on the estimated future cash flows. A specific security is considered to be impaired when it is determined that it is probable that not all amounts due (both principal and interest) will be collected as scheduled. For debt securities, an OTTI
must be recognized in earnings when an entity either a) has the intent to sell the debt security or b) more likely than not will be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery. If the Company meets either of these criteria,
the OTTI is recognized in earnings in an amount equal to the entire difference between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the balance sheet date. For debt securities in unrealized loss positions that do not meet these
criteria, the Company must analyze its ability to recover the amortized cost by comparing the net present value of projected future cash flows with the amortized cost of the security. The Company has evaluated the near-term prospects of the issuers
in relation to the severity and duration of the unrealized loss, and unless otherwise noted, does not consider these investments to be impaired at September 30, 2016. Only seven issuers represent more than 5% of the total unrealized loss position.
Of the seven, three are High Yield Corporate securities holdings with $1.3 million of unrealized loss, two are Investment Grade Corporate securities holdings with $0.6 million of unrealized loss, and the remaining two are comprised of an ABS and
RMBS holding with $0.4 million of unrealized loss.      Unrealized gains (losses) incurred during 2016 and 2015 were primarily due
to price fluctuations resulting from changes in interest rates and credit spreads. If the Company has the intent to sell or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these securities prior to the anticipated recovery of
the amortized cost, securities are written down to fair value. If cash flow models indicate a credit event will impact future cash flows, the security is impaired to discounted cash flows. As the remaining unrealized losses in the portfolio relate
to holdings where the Company expects to receive full principal and interest, the Company does not consider the underlying investments to be impaired.   
         49   

Details underlying securities in a continuous gross unrealized loss and OTTI position for
AFS investment grade securities are as follows:       

(a)  
  Subsequent unrealized gains (losses) on OTTI securities are included in OCI-OTTI.     
         50   

(a)  
  Subsequent unrealized gains (losses) on OTTI securities are included in OCI-OTTI.     
         51   

Details underlying securities in a continuous gross unrealized loss and OTTI position for below investment
grade AFS securities were as follows:       

(a)  
  Subsequent unrealized gains (losses) on OTTI securities are included in OCI-OTTI.    
         52   

(a)  
  Subsequent unrealized gains (losses) on OTTI securities are included in OCI-OTTI.       Gross unrealized losses and OTTI on below investment grade AFS securities represented 60% and 45% of total gross unrealized losses and OTTI on all AFS securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. Generally, below investment grade securities are more likely than investment grade securities to develop credit concerns. The ratios of estimated fair value to amortized cost reflected in the table below are not necessarily
indicative of the market value to amortized cost relationships for the securities throughout the entire time that the securities have been in an unrealized loss position nor are they necessarily indicative of these ratios subsequent to September 30,
2016.   
         53   

Details underlying AFS securities below investment grade and in an unrealized loss position
were as follows:       

(a)  
  Subsequent unrealized gains (losses) on OTTI securities are included in OCI-OTTI.         Subprime Mortgage Investments       Subprime mortgages are loans to homebuyers
who have weak or impaired credit histories. Through 2008, the market for these loans had expanded rapidly. During that time, however, lending practices and credit assessment standards grew steadily weaker. As a result, the market experienced a sharp
increase in the number of loan defaults. Investors in subprime mortgage assets include not only mortgage lenders, but also brokers, hedge funds, and insurance companies. The Company does not currently invest in or originate whole loan residential
mortgages. The Company categorizes ABS issued by a securitization trust as having subprime mortgage exposure when the average credit score of the underlying mortgage borrowers in a securitization trust is below 660 at issuance. The Company also
categorizes ABS issued by a securitization trust with second lien mortgages as subprime mortgage exposure, even though a significant percentage of second lien mortgage borrowers may not necessarily have credit scores below 660 at issuance.
  
         54   

The following tables provide the ABS subprime mortgage exposure by rating and estimated fair
value by vintage at:       

(a)  
  Second lien collateral primarily composed of loans to prime and Alt A borrowers.     
           Liquidity and Capital Resources            Liquidity       The Company s liquidity requirements include the payment of
sales commissions and other underwriting expenses and the funding of its contractual obligations for the life insurance and annuity contracts it has in force. The Company has developed and utilizes a cash flow projection system and regularly
performs asset/liability duration matching in the management of its asset and liability portfolios. The Company anticipates funding its cash requirements utilizing cash from operations, normal investment maturities and anticipated calls and
repayments, consistent with prior years. At both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s assets included $2.0 billion of cash, short-term investments and investment grade publicly traded AFS securities that could be liquidated
if funds were required.       Capital Resources       For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid a $75.0 million extraordinary dividend to Transamerica Corporation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company did not pay any
dividends to AUSA. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid a $5.8 million return of capital to and received no capital contributions from Transamerica Corporation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company
received a capital contribution from AUSA of $11.7 million.   
         55   

Ratings       Ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position in the insurance and financial services marketplace. Rating agencies rate insurance companies based on financial strength and the
ability to pay claims, factors more relevant to contract holders than investors.      The financial strength rating scales of
S P, A.M. Best, and Fitch Ratings ( Fitch ) are characterized as follows:       

S P   AAA to R      

A.M. Best   A++ to S      

Fitch   AAA to C         On August 23, 2016, Fitch reduced the Company s outlook from AA- to A+, however the outlook remains stable.      The following table summarizes the Company s ratings at November 14, 2016:       
    A downgrade of our financial strength rating could affect our competitive position in the insurance
industry as customers may select companies with higher financial strength ratings. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy or hold any of the Company s securities and they may be revised or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of
the rating organization.           
   Commitments and Contingencies        
  The following table summarizes the Company s obligations to policyholders at September 30, 2016:   

(a)  
    The policyholder liabilities include benefit and claim liabilities of which a significant portion represents policies and contracts that do not have
a stated contractual maturity. The projected cash benefit payments in the table above are based on management s best estimates of the expected gross benefits and expenses, partially offset by the expected gross premiums, fees and charges
relating to the existing business in force. Estimated cash benefit payments are based on mortality and lapse assumptions comparable with the Company s historical experience, modified for recently observed trends. Actual payment obligations may
differ if experience varies from these assumptions. The cash benefit payments are presented on an undiscounted basis and are before deduction of tax and before reinsurance. The liability amounts in the Company s financial statements reflect the
discounting for interest as well as adjustments for the timing of other factors as described above. As a result, the sum of the cash benefit payments shown for all years in the table above exceeds the corresponding policyholder liability amounts.
        The Company has utilized public information to estimate the future assessments it will incur as a result of
insolvencies of life insurance companies that are members of a life insurance guaranty association in which the Company is also a member. When a member becomes insolvent, the guaranty association assesses the remaining members of the association an
amount sufficient to satisfy an insolvent insurer s contract owner obligations, within specified limitations. At both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s estimated liability for future guaranty fund assessments was $0.1
million. In addition, the Company has a receivable for future premium tax deductions of $4.0 million and $4.2 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company regularly monitors public information regarding insurer
insolvencies and adjusts its estimated liability as appropriate.      In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to
various claims and assessments. Management believes the settlement of these matters would not have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company.   
         56   

Results of Operations        
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded net income of $3.0 million and $3.3 million, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded net income of $2.1 million and $9.0 million, respectively. The decrease in net income for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same
periods in 2015 was primarily due to higher derivative losses and VOBA unlocking adjustments.      Annually, the Company performs
a comprehensive review of actuarial assumptions utilized in measuring insurance liabilities and expected gross profits used in amortizing VOBA, DAC, DSI and unearned revenue reserves. The assumptions include, but are not necessarily limited to,
inputs such as mortality, policyholder behavior and expected future rates of returns on investments. As part of this review, the Company considers emerging experience, future expectations and other data, including any observable market data. These
assumptions are updated and implemented in the third quarter of each year, unless a material change in experience, indicative of a long term trend, is observed during an interim period.   
  The following table provides the changes in policy charge revenue by type for each respective period:   
   
    Net derivative losses were $34.1 million and $37.4 million during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the net derivative gains of $37.2 million and $3.0 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The following table provides the changes in net derivative gains
(losses) by type:       
    Short equity-linked futures positions produced realized losses of $1 million during the quarter due to
improved performance of the underlying equity market indices.       

(a)  
    Long positions on bond futures contracts produced $0.6 million in realized losses during the quarter driven by the upward shift of the rate curve,
which subsequently decreased the value of the underlying bonds.      
         57   

(b)  
    The Company realized maturity losses of $0.7 million on Variance Swaps during the quarter, in addition to mark-to-market losses of $0.4 million.

(c)  
    Short positions on equity-linked total return swaps ( TRS ) saw large losses in the third quarter of 2016 driven by improved equity market
performance and varying reset dates, as opposed to 2015 when equity markets were significantly down quarter-to-date.      

(d)  
    The Company saw $0.5 million of losses on options in the third quarter, driven by normal amortization losses of $0.8 million on call option
positions offset by $0.3 million of gains from put option maturities.      

(e)  
    Receive fixed vanilla interest rate swaps purchased in late 2015 and early 2016 generated $0.8 million in mark-to-market losses resulting from the
uptick in the rate curve during the quarter.      

(f)  
    The Company saw unrealized gains of $2.3 million on credit default swaps as corporate and sovereign spreads tightened during the quarter.
        Policy benefits decreased $77.1 million and $50.1 million, respectively, during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same periods in 2015. The following table provides the changes in policy benefits by type:       

(a)  
    During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the favorable annuity benefit unlocking was primarily driven by end-of-period unlocking
for assumption updates and model changes.      

(b)  
    During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in annuity benefit expense was primarily driven by a change in reserves due
to updated policyholder assumptions and higher Separate Account returns.      

(c)  
    During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in mortality expense was primarily driven by higher death claim amounts.
        For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in the VOBA carrying value was
primarily driven by the favorable unlocking adjustment of $12.9 million due to increased mortality assumptions and adjustments related to unrealized gain of $3.1 million and $15.5 million, respectively, due to the lower interest rate environment
during the period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the decrease in the VOBA carrying value was primarily driven by amortization expense of $7.3 million and $18.9 million, respectively, due to weak market performance during
the period.      For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in DAC carrying value of $2.0 million and
$2.4 million was primarily driven by increased amortization as a result of high Separate Account performance and hedge gains. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the increase in the DAC carrying value of $2.3 million was primarily driven
by increased accretion resulting from negative gross profits. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the decrease in the DAC carrying value of $1.5 million was primarily driven by negative unlocking that was driven by higher gross profits.
     The following table provides the changes in insurance expenses and taxes for each respective period:   

58   

Insurance expenses and taxes decreased $3.3 million and $6.1 million during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to decreases in commissions relating to the Company s closed block of business.   
           Segment Information           The products that comprise the Annuity and Life Insurance segments generally possess similar economic characteristics. As such, the financial condition and results of operations of each business segment
are generally consistent with the Company s consolidated financial condition and results of operations presented herein.       Item 4.
Controls and Procedures       The Company s Disclosure Committee assists with the monitoring and evaluation of the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures. The Company s President, Chief Financial Officer and Disclosure Committee have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on that evaluation, the persons performing the functions of President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company have concluded that the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective.      In addition, no change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) occurred during the third fiscal quarter of 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting.       PART II Other Information    
   Item 1. Legal Proceedings       The Company, like other life insurance companies, is subject to regulatory and legal proceedings, including class action lawsuits, in the ordinary course of our business. Such legal and regulatory matters
include proceedings specific to us and other proceedings generally applicable to business practices in the industry in which the Company operates. In some lawsuits and regulatory proceedings involving insurers, substantial damages have been sought
and/or material settlement payments have been made.      The Company is the subject of inquiries and market conduct examinations
with a focus on the handling of unreported claims and abandoned property. The audits and related examination activity may result in additional payments to beneficiaries, escheatment of funds deemed abandoned, administrative penalties and changes in
our procedures for the identification of unreported claims and handling of escheatable property. The Company does not believe that any regulatory actions or agreements that result from these examinations will have a material adverse impact on our
ability to meet our obligations.       Item 1A. Risk Factors       In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part 1,  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015 and in the Interim Reports on Form 10-Q filed for the interim periods in fiscal 2016. The risks described in those reports are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known to the Company or that the Company currently deems to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and/or operating results.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and use of Proceeds       Not
applicable       Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities       Not applicable   
         59   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    
  Not applicable       Item 5.
Other Information        

(a)  
  Nothing to report         

(b)  
  Nothing to report         Item 6. Exhibits
      See the Exhibit Index following the signature page to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a list of exhibits filed
with this report, which Exhibit Index is incorporated here in by reference.   
         60   

SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   

Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company    

(Registrant)   

Date: November 14, 2016  
     
  /s/ Michiel van Katwijk   

Michiel van Katwijk   

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and     Senior Vice President    
 
         61   

EXHIBIT INDEX    

31.1   
      
  Certification by the President pursuant to Rule 15d-14(a), is filed herewith.   

31.2   
      
  Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 15d-14(a), is filed herewith.   

32.1   
      
  Certification by the President pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is filed herewith.   

32.2   
      
  Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is filed
herewith.   

101.INS   
      
  XBRL Instance Document, is filed herewith.   

101.SCH   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema, is filed herewith.   

101.CAL   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase, is filed herewith.   

101.DEF   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase, is filed herewith.   

101.LAB   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase, is filed herewith.   

101.PRE   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase, is filed herewith.   
 
         62   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d188999dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER    I, Blake
S. Bostwick, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Dated: November 14, 2016       

/s/ Blake S. Bostwick   
 
 Blake S. Bostwick  
 
 President  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d188999dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER    I,
Michiel van Katwijk, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Dated: November 14, 2016       

/s/ Michiel van Katwijk   
 
 Michiel van Katwijk  
 
   Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and   Senior
Vice President   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d188999dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
 Certification Pursuant to    18
U.S.C. Section 1350,    As Adopted Pursuant To  
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Blake S. Bostwick, President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(a) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(b) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Blake S. Bostwick  
 
 Blake S. Bostwick  
 
 President  
 
  Dated: November 14, 2016  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company and will be retained by
Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d188999dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
 Certification Pursuant to    18
U.S.C. Section 1350,    As Adopted Pursuant To  
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Michiel van Katwijk, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(a) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(b) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Michiel van Katwijk  
 
 Michiel van Katwijk  
 
   Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and 
 Senior Vice President   
 
  Dated: November 14, 2016  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company and will be retained by
Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ck0000845091-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ck0000845091-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ck0000845091-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ck0000845091-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0000845091-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ck0000845091-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

