<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_920448_0000920448-16-000204_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3812680</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107230</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>148650</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1339714</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1292511</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>679886</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000920448-16-000204.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110170605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000920448-16-000204
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BROADVISION INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000920448
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				943184303
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34205
		FILM NUMBER:		161988988

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 SEAPORT BLVD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6503311000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 SEAPORT BLVD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000920448-16-000204.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 bvsn-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

BVSN-20160930 Q3

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September   30  , 201  6 

OR 

For the transaction period from _________ to __________ 

Commission File Number   00  1-34205 

BROADVISION, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(650) 331-1000 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated   filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer                                                           Accelerated filer                       

Non-accelerated filer (do not check if a smaller reporting company)        

Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).     Yes       No     

As of   October   3  1  ,    2016  , the registrant had   4,  9  4  8  ,  488     shares   of common stock outstanding. 

BROADVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FORM 10-Q 

Quarter Ended   September   30  ,    2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I.     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1   .        Financial Statements   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (unaudited)   

1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the   three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the   nine months   ended   September 30  , 201  6    and 201  5   (unaudited)   

3  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

4  

Item 2   .        Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

1  1  

Item 3   .        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

1  5  

Item 4   .      Controls and Procedures   

15  

PART II.        OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1   .        Legal Proceedings   

16  

Item 1A   .   Risk Factors   

16  

Item 2   .      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

24  

Item 3   .        Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

24  

Item 4   .        Mine Safety Disclosures   

24  

Item 5   .        Other Information   

24  

Item 6   .      Exhibits   

25  

SIGNATURES   

26  

EXHIBIT 31.1  

EXHIBIT 31.2  

EXHIBIT 32.1  

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

BROADVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except par value amounts) 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

1   

Table of Contents  

BROADVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

(Unaudited) 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2   

Table of Contents  

BROADVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands, Unaudited) 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3   

Table of Contents  

BROADVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited) 

Note 1.     O  rganization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Broad  V  ision, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in May 1993.   We develop, market, and support enterprise portal applications that enable companies to unify their e-business infrastructure and conduct both interactions and transactions with employees, partners, and customers through a personalized self-service model that increases revenues, reduces costs, and improves productivity. 

Except where specifically noted or the context otherwise requires, the use of terms such as the  Company ,  Broad  V  ision,   we  and  our  in these Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements refers to Broad  V  ision, Inc. and its subsidiaries.  

There have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments during the   nine  -month period ended   September   30  ,    201  6     compared to the disclosures in Part II, Item   7   of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,   201  5  , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on   April    1  4  ,    201  6  ,   as amended  . 

Basis of Presentation 

The condensed consolidated financial results and related information as of and for the   three and   nine     months   ended   September   30  ,    2016   and   September   30  ,    201  5     are unaudited.   The Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31,   2015   has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that date but does not necessarily reflect all of the disclosures previously reported in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ). The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be reviewed in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on   April 14  ,    2016  , as amended  .   

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions in Form 10-Q and Article 8-03 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, these statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation of interim financial information have been included. Operating results for the   three and   nine     months   ended   September   30  ,    2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the remainder of the year ending December 31,   2016   or any future interim period. The condensed consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidation.  

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain assumptions and estimates that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to receivable reserves, stock-based compensation, investments, impairment assessments and income taxes, as well as contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates using different assumptions or conditions.  

4   

Table of Contents  

Stock-Based Compensation 

The following table sets forth the components of the total stock-based compensation expense recognized in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the   three and   nine     months   ended   September   30  ,    2016   and   2015   (in thousands)  : 

Net Loss   Per Share Information 

Basic net loss per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding  ,     excluding the effects of any potentially dilutive securities.   Diluted net loss per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding and, when dilutive, common equivalent shares from outstanding stock options using the treasury stock method.   The Company incurred net losses for the   three and     nine     months ended   September   30  , 2016 and 2015, and therefore, basic and diluted net loss per share for those periods are the same, as all potential common equivalent shares would be anti-dilutive.   The following table sets forth the basic and diluted net loss per share computational data for the periods presented (in thousands, except per share amounts):   

Legal Proceedings 

We are subject from time to time to various legal actions and other claims arising in the ordinary course of business.  We are not a party to any legal proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operation  s  . 

Foreign Currency Translations 

The functional currencies of all foreign subsidiaries are the local currencies of their respective countries.  Assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the balance sheet date. Income and expense items are translated at average exchange rates for the periods   presented  . Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of foreign currency assets and liabilities are included as other income    (  expense  )  , net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss.   Translation loss was   $  250  ,000     and   $35,000     f  or the   nine     months   ended   September   30  ,    2016   and 2015 respectively  .  These amounts are included in the accumulated other comprehensive loss account in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

5   

Table of Contents  

Comprehensive Loss 

Comprehensive loss includes net loss and other comprehensive gain  s and losses  , which primarily consists of foreign currency translation adjustments. Total comprehensive loss is presented in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss.     Total accumulated other comprehensive loss is displayed as a separate component of stockholders  equity in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The accumulated balances of other comprehensive loss consist of the following, net of taxes (in thousands):   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606   (ASU 2014-09),   which amended the existing accounting standards for   revenue recognition and will supersede most existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. ASU 2014-09 establishes principles to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation.   ASU 2014-09 is effective for us using either of two methods: (i) retrospective application of ASU 2014-09 to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within ASU 2014-09; or (ii) retrospective application of ASU 2014-09 with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09. As currently issued and amended, ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)  . The new guidance addresses management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,   2016  . Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2016-09"), which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic entities, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Early application is permitted in any interim or annual period, with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of adopting this new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

6   

Table of Contents  

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ("ASU 2016-02"), which requires recognition of an asset and liability for lease arrangements longer than twelve months. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Early application is permitted, and it is required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a   modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of adopting this new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2. Selected Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet Detail 

Accrued expenses consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Other   n  on-  c  urrent   l  iabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):       

Note 3.  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

We measure assets and liabilities at fair value based on an exit price as defined by the FASB guidance on fair value measurements, which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability, as the case may be, in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs, used in valuation techniques, are assigned a hierarchical level. The following are the hierarchical levels of inputs to measure fair value: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;  

Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities;   and  

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  

7   

Table of Contents  

We measure the following financial assets at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value of these financial assets as of   September     3  0  ,    201  6     (in thousands)   is   as follows: 

Level 2 securities are priced using quoted market prices for similar instruments, nonbinding market prices that are corroborated by observable market data, or discounted cash flow techniques.    

The fair value of accounts receivable and accounts payable for all periods presented approximates their respective carrying amounts due to the short-term nature of these balances. 

Note 4. Commitments and Contingencies 

Warranties and Indemnification 

We provide a warranty to our perpetual license customers that our software will perform substantially in accordance with the documentation we provide with the software, typically for a period of 90 days following receipt of the software. Historically, costs related to these warranties have been immaterial. Accordingly, we have not recorded any warranty liabilities as of   September    3  0  , 201  6   and December 31,   201  5  , respectively.  

Our perpetual software license agreements typically provide for indemnification of customers for intellectual property infringement     claims caused by use of a current release of our software consistent with the terms of the license agreement. The term of these indemnification clauses is generally perpetual. The potential future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification clauses are generally limited to the amount the customer paid for the software. Historically, costs related to these indemnification provisions have been immaterial. We also maintain liability insurance that limits our exposure. As a result, we believe the potential liability of these indemnification clauses is minimal. Accordingly, we did not record any liabilities for these agreements as of   September    3  0  , 201  6   and December 31,   201  5   respectively.  

8   

Table of Contents  

We entered into agreements whereby we indemnify our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer is, or was, serving in such capacity. The term of the indemnification period is for so long as such officer or director is subject to an indemnifiable event by reason of the fact that such person was serving in such capacity. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification agreements may be unlimited; however, we have a director and officer insurance policy that limits our exposure and enables us to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. As a result of our insurance policy coverage, we believe the estimated fair value of these indemnification agreements is insignificant. Accordingly, we have   no   liabilities recorded for these agreements as of either   September   30  ,    201  6     or December 31,   201  5  . We assess the need for an indemnification reserve on a quarterly basis and there can be no guarantee that an indemnification reserve will not become necessary in the future. 

Leases 

We lease our headquarters facility and our other facilities under noncancelable operating lease agreements each of which will expire during or before June, 2018. We recognize the rent expense on a straight line basis over the lease period. Under the terms of our lease agreements, we are required to pay property taxes, insurance and normal maintenance costs.  

A summary of total future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating lease agreements   as of   September   30  ,    201  6     (in thousands)   is as follows  :    

Note 5. Geographic, Segment and Significant Customer Information 

We operate in   one   segment: electronic business solutions.     The disaggregated revenue information regarding types of revenues is as follows (in thousands):  

We currently operate in   three   primary geographical territories  :    North and South America (Americas); Europe, Middle East and Africa (E  urope  ); and Asia, Pacific and Japan (A  sia/Pacific  ). 

9   

Table of Contents  

Disaggregated financial information regarding our geographic revenues is as follows (in thousands): 

For the three-month period   ended     September     30, 2016,   Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited   (IRCTC)   accounted for   1  3  %   of our revenues   and   NTT Communications Corporation     accounted for   1  4  %   of our revenues.   For the   nine     month period ended   September   30  ,    2016  ,   IRCTC   accounted for   1  2  %   of our revenues.     For the   three and     nine     month period  s   ended   September   30  ,    2015  , none of our customers accounted for more than   10%   of our revenues. 

Note   6  . Related Party Transactions    

On November 14, 2008, BroadVision (Delaware) LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( BVD ), which was then our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with CHRM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, that is controlled by Dr. Pehong Chen, our CEO and largest stockholder and in which our CFO, Peter Chu holds a minority interest. We and CHRM LLC then entered into an Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of BroadVision (Delaware) LLC dated as of November 14, 2008 (the  BVD Operating Agreement ). Under these agreements, CHRM LLC received, in exchange for the assignment of certain intellectual property rights,   20   Class B Shares of BVD, representing the right to receive a portion of any distribution of Funds from  Capital Transactions  (as such term is defined in the BVD Operating Agreement), with the exact amount to be determined based on our and CHRM LLC s capital account balances at the time of such distribution. A  capital transaction  under that agreement is any merger or sale of substantially all of the assets of BVD as a result of which the members of BVD will   no   longer have an interest in BVD or the assets of BVD will be distributed to its members. Class B Shares do not participate in any profits of BVD except for net profits related to a  capital transaction,  in which case the net profits are allocated to the owners of Class A and Class B Shares in proportion to their respective number of shares. To the extent BVD s losses do not exceed undistributed net profits accumulated since the date of issuance of Class B Shares, such losses are allocated to Class A Shares. To the extent net losses exceed the undistributed net profits accumulated since the date of issuance of Class B Shares, such excess is allocated to the owners of Class A and Class B Shares in proportion to their respective cumulative capital contributions less any return of capital, until allocation of such losses results in having the capital account balances equal to   zero  . Then, net losses are allocated to the owners of Class A and Class B Shares in proportion to their respective number of shares. Upon liquidation the net assets of BVD are distributed to the owners of Class A and Class B in proportion to their capital account balances. 

BVD is the sole owner of BroadVision (Barbados) Limited ( BVB ) and BVB is the sole owner of BroadVision On Demand, a Chinese entity ( BVOD ). We have invested approximately   $9.0   million in BVOD (directly and through BVD and BVB)     from 2007 through 2015  . In 2014 we began making payments directly to BVOD for certain labor outsourcing services and expect to continue to pay BVOD for such services at the rate of approximately   $4  5  0,000   per quarter for the foreseeable future  .    We made aggregate payments to BVOD of   $  1  .6   million   and   $  1.2   million   (based on the RMB to USD exchange rates on the applicable dates of payment) for such services in the   nine     mon  ths ended   September    3  0  , 2016 and 2015, respectively.   The  se   payment  s     in part covered   services render  ed   outside   of the applicable   nine     month period  s  .     We have a controlling voting interest in BVD. Pursuant to the terms of the BVD Operating Agreement, the Class B Shares held by CHRM LLC have no voting rights. 

The 20 Class B Shares of BVD represent a non-controlling interest. We allocate profits and losses of BVD to the non-controlling interest under the Hypothetical Liquidation Book Value ( HLBV ) method. Under this method the profits and losses are allocated by reference to the profit sharing provisions in the BVD Operating Agreement assuming liquidation of BVD at its book value at the end of each reporting period. Profits and losses allocated to the balance of such interest under the HLBV method have not been material. 

In April 2015, we executed a renewal contract with SINA Corporation of which Dr. Pehong Chen, our CEO and largest stockholder, was a board member through December 2015, pursuant to which we provided HR information management hosting service, including software subscription, system upgrade and technical support, to SINA Corporation. The total license revenue that we were entitled to receive under that contract through its expiration in March 2016 was   $184,000  .  We recognized     $46,000   of license revenue     related to     that contract for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016. 

10   

Table of Contents  

Item     2  . Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the "safe harbor" created by those sections. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts, including statements regarding our future results of ope  ra  tions and financial position, our business strategy and plans, and our objectives for future operations.  The words "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "believe," "hope," "assume," "estimate," "plan," "will" and other similar words and expressions. These forward-looking statements, including those described in the section titled  Risk Factors  included under Part II, Item 1A below.  Moreover,     we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or to reflect events and circumstances after the date of this document. 

Overview 

Since 1993, BroadVision has been a pioneer and consistent innovator of e-business solutions. We deliver a combination of technologies and services into the global market that enable customers of all sizes to power mission-critical web, cloud and mobile initiatives that ultimately deliver high-value to their bottom line. Our offering consists of a robust framework for personalization and self-service, modular applications and agile toolsets that customers use to create e-commerce, portal solutions, Enterprise Social Networks (ESN), and collaboration and knowledge management solutions. Most recently, we have added mobile and cloud capabilities to our platforms to enable our customers for rapid deployment of robust, secure, and scalable solutions. 

Our objective is to further our position as a global supplier of innovative e-business solutions with the addition of enterprise collaboration and engagement solutions such as our mobile and cloud-based Vmoso, a collaboration and knowledge management product, and Clearvale, an ESN product.  Together with our legacy Business Agility Suite, Commerce Agility Suite and QuickSilver solutions, our new enterprise collaboration and engagement solutions   are designed to   enhance the communication,     collaboration and knowledge management capabilities of organizations with their customers, partners and employees to improve productivity and efficiency.     During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we announced a major incremental release of our Vmoso platform with a range of new functionality across several key modules.    

We generate revenue from fees for licenses   or access and use   of our software products and related maintenance, consulting services and customer training. We generally charge fees for licenses of our software products based on (1) the number of persons registered to use the product;   or   (2) the number of CPUs utilized by the machines on which the product is installed  . We   also   charge fees for access and use   of Cloud or SaaS   solution  s  . Payment terms are generally 30 to 60 days from the date the software products are delivered, the maintenance or subscription contracts are booked, or the consulting services are provided. 

We have not generated net income since 2009. Our ability to generate profits or positive cash flows in future periods remains uncertain.  

Our operations face two key challenges: maturity of our major revenue-generating legacy products, and competing in a crowded ESN solution space.  We continue to invest heavily in cloud-based, mobile, messaging and collaboration technologies, while continuing to support our legacy base.  Total revenues of $  2.0   million in the   third     quarter of 2016 were lower compared to total revenues of $2  .  1   million for the   third     quarter of 2015, with the decrease mainly in legacy revenue.   We expect that the decline in our legacy revenue, which is the majority of our revenue mix, will continue to dominate our overall financial performance until a significant installed base of new product revenues is established.   We are continuing to diligently invest in new technologies in an effort to maintain our competitive advantages in the mobile communications and collaboration and knowledge management spaces.     

11   

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth certain items reflected in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss expressed as a percent of total revenues for the periods indicated: 

Revenues  .      License revenue from the sales of software licenses for the three months ended   September   30  ,    2016   was $1.  1     million,   up   $0.  1    million, or   10  % from $1.  0     million for the three months ended   September   30  ,    2015  .     License revenue from the sales     of software licenses for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 was     $  3.1   million, down $0.  1   million, or   3  %     from $  3  .2     million for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2015.     Services revenues consist of maintenance revenues and consulting services revenues.   Maintenance revenue, which is generally derived from maintenance contracts sold with initial customer licenses and from subsequent contract renewals, for the   three   months ended   September   30  ,    2016   was $  0.5     million,   down   $0.  2     million, or   29  % from $  0.7     million for the   three   months ended   September   30  ,    2015  .    Maintenance revenue for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 was     $1.  6   million, down $0.  7   million, or   3  0  %     from $  2.3   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2015  .   Consulting service   revenue, which is generally related to services in connection with our licensed software,   was $0.4 million   for the three months ended   September   30  ,    2016  , up $0.1 million, or 33% from $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30,     2015, primarily due to the timing of specific customer requests, which can vary greatly from project to project.     Consulting revenue for the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2016   was     $  1.2     million, down $0.  1    million, or     8  %     from $  1.3     million for the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2015  .    Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $2.0 million, down $0.1 million, or 5%, from $2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   R  evenues for the   nine     months   ended   September   30  ,    2016   were $  5  .9   million, down $  0.  9     million, or   13%   from $  6.8     million for the   nine     months   ended   September   30  ,    201  5  .    The decreases in our license and services revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and total revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the comparable periods in the prior year,   were primarily due to the decline of our legacy business.    

12   

Table of Contents  

Cost of software   revenues  .      Cost of software   revenues   includes the cost of   our   Cloud hosting operation,   net costs of product media, duplication, packaging, and other manufacturing costs as well as royalties payable to third parties   for software that is either embedded in, or bundled and sold with, our products.     Cost of software licenses for the three months ended   September   30, 2016 increased to $52  ,000     compared to $  36  ,000 for the same period in the prior year.   Cost of software   revenues     for the   nine     months ended   September   30  ,    201  6     in  creased   to     $  133  ,000   compared to $  121  ,000 for the same period in the prior year.   The   increases   between the periods     w  ere   primarily due to   i  ncrease  s     in usage     of our Cloud hosting operation  . 

Cost of services.      Cost of services consists primarily of employee-related costs, third-party consultant fees incurred on consulting projects, post-contract customer support and instructional training services.   Cost of services was $0.8 million     for the t  hree months ended   September   30, 2016  ,    up     $  0.1 million, or 14% from $0.7 million for the three months ended September 30,   2015  .    Cost of services was   $  2.4     million   for the   nine     months ended   September   30  ,    201  6  ,    up     $0.  2     million, or   9  %,   from $  2.2     million for the   nine     months ended   September   30  ,    201  5  .    The increase  s     were   primarily due to   increase  s   in   third-party consultant fees incurred on consulting projects  . 

Research and development.      Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries, employ  ee-related benefit costs and consulting fees incurred in associati  on with the development of our products. Research and development exp  enses     were $1.  7   million for the   three   months ended   September   30  , 2016, down   $  0.1 million, or   6  %, from $1.  8   million for the   three   months ended   September   30  , 2015.   Research and development exp  enses   were $  5.2   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, down   $  0.2 million, or   4  %, from $  5.4   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2015.   The decrease  s     were   primarily due to   decrease  s   in   employee-related   benefit   costs. 

Sales and marketing.      Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee-related benefit costs, commissions and other incentive compensation, travel and entertainment and marketing program-related exp  e  nditures such as for collateral materials, trade shows, public relations, advertising and crea  tive services. Sales and marketing expenses   were $  0.9   million for the three months ended   September   30, 2016, down   $  0.  3   million, or   2  5  %, from $1.  2   million for the three months ended   September   30, 2015.   Sales and marketing expenses   were $  3  .2 million for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, down   $  0.  5   million, or   14  %, from $  3.7   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2015.  The decrease  s     were   primarily due to   decrease  s   in employee-related   benefit   costs  .   

General and administrative.     General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee-related benefit costs, provisions and credits related to uncollectible accounts receivable, professional service fees and legal fees.  Our general and administrative expense  s    were   $  0.9   million   for   each of    t  he   three   months ended   September   30  ,    2016   and   2015  .        Our general and administrative expense  s    were   $  2.8   million   for t  he   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, up $0.  2    million, or   8  %, from $  2.6     million for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2015  .  The   increase  s     were   primarily due to   an increase in   professional service fee  s   and legal fee  s  . 

Interest income, net.     Net interest income includes interest income on investment funds. We generated $61,000, $47,000, $25,000 and $24,000 in interest income from our cash and cash equivalents as well as short-term investment balances during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    

Other income (expense), net.     Other income (expense), net during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was other income, net of $750,000 compared to other expense, net of ($893,000) for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and other income, net of $32,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to other income, net of $375,000 for the   three   months ended September 30, 2015. The variances between the periods were primarily due to gains and losses from the remeasurement of the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation on our Euro cash and investment balances. 

Provision for income taxes.    The provision for income taxes was $45,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $19,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and $12,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3,000 for the   three   months ended September 30, 2015. The provision for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 primarily related to foreign income tax expenses 

.    

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Overview 

We   finance our operations through cash on our balance sheet.   We continue to maintain a strong cash position as shown on our Conde  nsed Consolidated Balance Sheet    .    As of   September    3  0  ,    2016  , we had $  2  1.8     million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments with no long-term debt borrowings, as compared to a balance of $  29  .1 million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments   with no long-term debt borrowings     at December 31,   2015  .    

13   

Table of Contents  

Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including growth or decline in customer accounts, the timing and extent of spending to support product development efforts and ongoing investments in our products and services, the introduction of new and enhanced products or services, features and functionality, and our ability to control expenses generally.   We continued to focus on expense control in the   third     quarter of   2016  . Operating expenses for the   third     quarter of   2016   were $3.  5   million, down   $  0.  3   million, or   8  % from $  3.8   million for the   third   quarter of   2015  .     For the   three     months ended   September   30  ,    2016  , net loss was $  2.4     million, or ($0.  50  ) per share. This compares to net loss of $  2  .1     million, or ($  0.42  ) per share, for the   three     months ended   September    3  0  ,    2015  . 

Based on our current expectations, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments balance together with cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months.    However, we could experience unforeseen circumstances, such as an economic downturn, difficulties in retaining customers and/or employees, or other factors that could increase our use of available cash and require us to seek additional financing. We may find it necessary to obtain additional equity or debt financing due to the factors listed above or in order to support a more rapid expansion, develop new or enhanced products or services, respond to competitive pressures, acquire complementary businesses or technologies or respond to unanticipated requirements.  

We may seek to raise additional funds through private or public sales of securities, strategic relationships, bank debt, financing under leasing arrangements or otherwise. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced, stockholders may experience additional dilution or any equity securities we sell may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock. We expect that obtaining additional financing on acceptable terms would be difficult, at best. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to pay our debts as they become due, develop our products, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and future operating results 

The following table represents our liquidity at   September   30  ,    2016   and December 31,   2015   (dollars in thousands): 

Cash Used For Operating Activities 

Cash used for operating activities w  as   $  7.2   million   for the   nine     months   ended   September   30  ,    201  6  , mainly attributable to a   $  7.1     million   operating loss   offset by     noncash items and changes in operating assets   and liabilities  .   Cash used for operating activities was     $5.0     million     for the     nine months     ended     September 30, 2015, mainly attributable to     a  n     $8.1     million     operating loss     and $2.5 million decrease of accounts receivables offset by other noncash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

Cash   Provided     By (Used   For  )   Investing Activities    

Cash   provided by   investing activities was   $  6  .5   million for the   nine     months   ended   September    3  0  ,    2016  .  Cash   used for     investing activities was   (  $  8.0  )     million for the   nine     months   ended   September    3  0  ,    2015  .    Cash provided by   and used for   investing activities in both periods was   primarily related to the purchases or maturities of short-term investments in bonds and certificates of deposit.   

Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Cash provided by financing activities was $  1  68  ,000   for the   nine     months   ended   September    3  0  ,    2016  .    Cash provided by financing activities was $  220  ,000   for the   nine     months   ended   September    3  0  ,    2015  .    Cash provided by   financing   activities in both periods was     primarily   attributable to     purchases of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan   and   employees  exercise of stock options  .    

14   

Table of Contents  

Leases and Other Contractual Obligations 

As of   September   30  ,     201  6  , we leased our headquarters facility   and other facilities under non  cancelable operating lease agreements   each of which will expire during or before June   201  8  . 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements in the   third     quarter of   2016   or in any prior periods.  

Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates and Judgments 

There have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments during the   nine     month period ended   September   30  , 2016 compared to the disclosures in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, other than as disclosed herein. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements, if any, and the impact of these pronouncements on our   Condensed C  onsolidated   F  inancial   S  tatements, if any, see Note 1 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.  

Item     3  . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item     4  . Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as of   September   30  , 201  6  ,   we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September   30  , 2016   to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended   September   30  ,    2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level.  However, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. 

15   

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item     1  . Legal Proceedings 

We are subject from time to time to various legal actions and other claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We are not a party to any legal proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial position or our results of operation. 

Item     1  A. Risk Factors 

The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business could be harmed. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 

Risks related to our business and industry 

Our business currently depends on revenue related to BroadVision e-business solutions,   and we expect that this   revenue   will   continue to decline. 

We generate a large portion of our revenue from legacy products, including Business Agility Suite, Commerce Agility Suite and QuickSilver. We expect that these products, and future upgraded versions, will continue to account for a large portion of our revenue in the foreseeable future. We expect that our future financial performance,   until we establish a significant installed base of new product revenues,   will depend on our ability to sustain our legacy business, which we expect to contin  ue to decline as the result of   a decrease in market demand for these products an  d related products and services  . If we fail to deliver the product enhancements that customers want, or if competitors overtake our legacy customers, demand for our legacy products and services, and our revenue, may further decline.  

We continue to introduce new products, services and technologies and our business will be harmed if we are not successful in selling these offerings to our existing customers and new customers. 

We entered into the business of Enterprise Social Networking, with the initial release of   Clearvale     in 2009.  We announced the integration of   Clearvale s   social and mobile capabilities into     our legacy products, as BroadVision 9   in 2013. We have been actively enhancing   Clearvale  ,    by adding new functions and editions. We have spent significant resources in developing these offerings and training our employees to implement, support, operate, sell and market the offerings.  In   February 2015  ,    we   launched our newest communication and collaboration offering, Vmoso  , and we announced a   major incremental release of our Vmoso platform with a range of new functionality across several key modules in September 2016  . To date our   Vmoso,   Clearvale and   BroadVision 9   offerings   have   only contributed to a minor portion of our revenue. We do not yet know whether any of these offerings will grow into a significant business line, and if so, whether sales of these offerings will be sufficient for us to offset the costs of development, implementation, support, operation, sales and marketing. Although we have performed extensive testing of our products and technologies, their broad-based implementation may require more support than we anticipate, which would further increase our expenses. If sales of our new products, services and technologies are lower than we expect, or if we must lower our prices or delay implementation to fix unforeseen problems and develop modifications, our operating margins are likely to decrease and we may not be able to operate profitably.  

We have introduced Cloud-based offerings.  Our business will be harmed and our growth potential will be limited, if we are unable to provide reliable, scalable, and cost-efficient Cloud hosting operation. 

Traditionally, BroadVision has offered perpetual software licenses, with customers responsible for the IT equipment needed for running BroadVision software. The   Vmoso,   Clear  vale   and Clear products, on the other hand, include Cloud-based offerings, where BroadVision provides hosted IT equipment and operation for subscribing customers. The Cloud model is also known as Software-as-a-Service, or SaaS.  Our SaaS operations rely upon   a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a cloud computing service. We have designed our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by cloud computing service providers. Currently, our worldwide cloud service providers include   leading cloud infrastructure providers such as Amazon  . Any disruption of or interference with our use of cloud computing services would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.   BroadVision has limited prior experience in operating Cloud hosting. We may be unable to timely provide adequate computing capacity to keep up with business growth and performance requirements.  Our hosted operation may fail due to hardware problems, software problems, power problems, network problems, scalability problems, human errors, hacker attacks, disasters, third-party data center problems and other reasons.  The failures may cause us to compromise security, lose customer data or identity, endure prolonged downtime, etc., all of which will harm our business and limit our  

16   

Table of Contents  

growth. BroadVision has limited prior experience in estimating the costs of Cloud hosting.  If we underestimate the costs or under-charge customers, we may not have adequate margins to sustain the Cloud hosting operation.    Vmoso and   Clearvale allow customers to use basic functions for free, a business practice gaining popularity in our industry.   If we do not have enough customers upgrading to for-fee premium packages, we may be unable to sustain our Cloud hosting operation economically. 

Current and potential competitors could make it difficult for us to acquire and retain customers now and in the future. 

The market for our products is intensely competitive. We expect competition in this market to persist and increase in the future. If we fail to compete successfully with current or future competitors, we may be unable to attract and retain customers. Increased competition could also result in price reductions for our products and lower profit margins and reduced market share, any of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, greater name recognition, a broader range of products and a larger installed customer base, any of which could provide them with a significant competitive advantage. In addition, new competitors, or alliances among existing and future competitors, may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. Some of our competitors, particularly established software vendors, may also be able to provide customers with products and services comparable to ours at lower or at aggressively reduced prices in an effort to increase market share or as part of a broader software package they are selling to a customer. We may be unable to match competitor's prices or price reductions, and we may fail to win customers that choose to purchase an information technology solution as part of a broader software and services package. As a result, we may be unable to compete successfully with current or new competitors. 

If we are unable to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in online commerce, portal, social networking and enterprise software, our products and services may fail to be competitive. 

Our products and services may fail to be competitive if we do not maintain or exceed the pace of technological developments in   mobile, cloud-computing, social and enterprise solutions  . Failure to be competitive could cause our revenue to decline. The information services, software and communications industries are characterized by rapid technological change, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards and practices. The introduction of products and services embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards and practices can render existing products and services obsolete. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to: 

develop leading technologies;  

enhance our existing products and services;  

develop new products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our prospective customers; and  

respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a timely and cost-effective basis.  

We have a history of losses and our future profitability on a quarterly or annual basis is uncertain, which could have a harmful effect on our business and the value of BroadVision common stock. 

Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As of   September   30  ,    201  6  , we had an accumulated deficit of approximat  ely   $1.  3   billion  .    

For the foreseeable future we expect our results of operations to fluctuate, and during this period we may incur losses and/or negative cash flows. If our revenue does not increase or if we fail to maintain our expenses at an amount less than our projected revenue, we will not be able to achieve or sustain operating profitability on a consistent basis.  

Our failure to operate profitably or control negative cash flows on a quarterly or annual basis could harm our business and the value of BroadVision common stock. If the negative cash flow continues, our liquidity and ability to operate our business would be severely and adversely impacted. Additionally, our ability to raise financial capital may be hindered due to our operational losses and negative cash flows, reducing our operating flexibility.  

17   

Table of Contents  

Our quarterly operating results are volatile and difficult to predict, and our stock price may decline if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 

Historically our quarterly operating results have varied significantly from quarter to quarter and are likely to continue to vary significantly in the future. If our revenues, operating results, earnings or projections are below the levels expected by securities analysts or investors, our stock price is likely to decline. 

We are likely to continue to experience significant fluctuations in our future results of operations due to a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control, including: 

introduction of products and services and enhancements by us and our competitors;  

competitive factors that affect our pricing;  

market acceptance of new products;  

the mix of products sold by us;  

the timing of receipt, fulfillment and recognition as revenue of significant orders;  

changes in our pricing policies or our competitors;  

changes in our sales incentive plans;  

the budgeting cycles of our customers;  

customer order deferrals in anticipation of new products or enhancements by our competitors or us or because of macro-economic conditions;  

nonrenewal of our maintenance agreements, which generally automatically renew for one-year terms unless earlier terminated by either party upon 90days      notice;  

product life cycles;  

changes in strategy;  

seasonal trends;  

the mix of distribution channels through which our products are sold;  

the mix of international and domestic sales;  

the rate at which new sales people become productive;  

changes in the level of operating expenses to support projected growth;  

increase in the amount of third party products and services that we use in our products or resell with royalties attached; and  

costs associated with litigation, regulatory compliance and other corporate events such as operational reorganizations.  

As a result of these factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue and operating results are not necessarily meaningful, and that these comparisons are not accurate indicators of future performance. Because our staffing and operating expenses are based on anticipated revenue levels, and because a high percentage of our costs are fixed, small variations in the timing of the recognition of specific revenue could cause significant variations in operating results from quarter to quarter. If we were unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any revenue shortfall, any significant revenue shortfall would likely have an immediate negative effect on our operating results. If our operating results in one or more future quarters fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, we would expect to experience an immediate and significant decline in the trading price of our stock. 

Our sales and product implementation cycles are lengthy and subject to delay, which make it difficult to predict our quarterly results. 

Our sales and product implementation cycles generally span months. Delays in customer orders or product implementations, which are difficult to predict, can affect the timing of revenue recognition and   can   adversely affect our quarterly operating results. Licensing our products is often an enterprise-wide decision by prospective customers. The importance of this decision requires that we engage in a lengthy sales cycle with prospective customers. A successful sales cycle may last up to nine months or longer. Our sales cycle is also affected by a number of other factors, some of which we have little or no control over, including the volatility of the overall software market, the business condition and purchasing cycle of each prospective customer, and the performance of our technology partners, systems integrators and resellers. The implementation of our products can also be time and resource intensive, and subject to unexpected delays. Delays in either product sales or implementations could cause our operating results to vary significantly from quarter to quarter. 

18   

Table of Contents  

Because a significant portion of our sales activity occurs at the end of each fiscal quarter, delays in a relatively small number of license transactions could adversely affect our quarterly operating results. 

A significant proportion of our sales are concentrated in the last month of each fiscal quarter. Gross margins are high for our license transactions. Customers and prospective customers may use these conditions in an attempt to obtain more favorable terms. While we endeavor to avoid making concessions that could result in lower margins, the negotiations often result in delays in closing license transactions. Small delays in a relatively small number of license transactions could have a significant impact on our reported operating results for that quarter. 

We may face liquidity challenges and need additional financing in the future. 

We currently expect to be able to fund our working capital requirements from our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments through at least   the next 12 months  .   However, we could experience unforeseen circumstances, such as an economic downturn, difficulties in retaining customers and/or employees, or other factors that could increase our use of available cash and require us to seek additional financing. We may find it necessary to obtain additional equity or debt financing due to the factors listed above or in order to support a more rapid expansion, develop new or enhanced products or services, respond to competitive pressures, acquire complementary businesses or technologies or respond to unanticipated requirements. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through private or public sales of securities, strategic relationships, bank debt, financing under leasing arrangements or otherwise. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced, stockholders may experience additional dilution or any equity securities we sell may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock. We expect that obtaining additional financing on acceptable terms would be difficult, at best. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to pay our debts as they become due, develop our products, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and future operating results  . 

If we are unable to maintain our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal control over financial reporting, our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected. 

We have evaluated our "disclosure controls and procedures" as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Effective controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our operating results could be harmed.     Our internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. For example,  we   delayed   the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015   in connection with our discovery that   a former employee of one of our wholly-owned German subsidiaries, Interleaf Germany,   had   fraudulently misappropriated funds from us and falsified records to conceal the theft.  

We   cannot assure you that our controls and procedures will prevent all errors or fraud, or that any related losses would be recoverable. We also cannot assure you that similar circumstances will not arise in the future that will cause us to delay the filing of our periodic consolidated financial reports and, if we are unable to produce accurate or timely consolidated financial statements, we may be subject to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions or investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission, our stock price may be adversely affected, our reputation may suffer and we may be unable to maintain compliance with the Nasdaq Global Market continued listing requirements.  Further, our independent registered public accounting firm did not perform an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting during the impacted periods in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In light of the fraudulent activities that were identified as a result of the limited procedures performed, it is possible that, had our independent registered public accounting firm performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, additional instances of fraud, or significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, may have been identified. 

In addition, m  aintaining sufficient expertise and historical institutional knowledge in our accounting and finance organization is dependent upon retaining existing employees and filling any open positions with experienced personnel in a timely fashion. The market for skilled accounting and finance personnel is competitive and we may have continued difficulty in retaining our staff because the region in which we compete consists of many established companies that can offer more lucrative compensation packages. Our inability to staff the department with competent personnel with sufficient training will affect our internal controls over financial reporting to the extent that we may not be able to prevent or detect material misstatements. 

19   

Table of Contents  

We are dependent on direct sales personnel and third-party distribution channels to achieve revenue growth. 

To date, we have sold our products primarily through our direct sales force. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth in the future largely will depend on our success in recruiting, training and retaining sufficient direct sales personnel and establishing and maintaining relationships with distributors, resellers and systems integrators. Our products and services require a sophisticated sales effort targeted at the senior management of our prospective customers. New hires as well as employees of our distributors, resellers and systems integrators require training and may take a significant amount of time before achieving full productivity. Our recent hires may not become as productive as necessary, and we may be unable to hire and retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the future. We have entered into strategic alliance agreements with partners, under which partners have agreed to resell and support our current BroadVision product suite. These contracts are generally terminable by either party upon 30 days' notice of an uncured material breach or for convenience upon 90 days' notice prior to the end of any annual term. Termination of any of these alliances could harm our expected revenues. We may be unable to expand our other distribution channels, and any expansion may not result in revenue increases. If we fail to maintain and expand our direct sales force or other distribution channels, our revenues may not grow or they may decline. Revenue generated from third-party distributors in recent years has not been significant. 

We may be unable to manage or grow our international operations and assets, which could impair our overall growth or financial position.    

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our operations outside North America. In the quarter ended   September   30  ,    2016  ,    approximately   5  4  % of   our revenue   was derived from international sales. If we are unable to manage or grow our existing international operations, we may not generate sufficient revenue required to establish and maintain these operations, which could slow our overall growth and impair our operating margins. 

As we rely materially on our operations outside of North America, we are subject to significant risks of doing business internationally, including:  

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and safeguarding foreign assets;  

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;  

export controls relating to encryption technology and other export restrictions;  

tariffs and other trade barriers;  

political and economic instability;  

fluctuations in currency exchange rates;  

reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;  

cultural barriers;  

seasonal reductions in business activity during the summer months in Europe and certain other parts of the world; and  

potentially adverse tax consequences.  

Our international sales growth could be limited if we are unable to establish additional foreign operations, expand international sales channel management and support, hire additional personnel, customize products for local markets and develop relationships with international service providers, distributors and system integrators. Even if we are able to successfully expand our international operations, we may not succeed in maintaining or expanding international market demand for our products. 

Our success and competitive position will depend on our ability to protect our proprietary technology.    

Our success and ability to compete are dependent to a significant degree on our proprietary technology. We hold a U.S. patent, issued   in   January     2014, on the elements of creating and sharing tasks over one or more networks. We also hold a U.S. patent, issued in January   2004  , on elements of the BroadVision platform, which covers   mechanisms for translating between a word processing document and an XML file.   Although we hold these patents, they may not provide an adequate level of intellectual property protection. In addition, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Third parties have claimed and may claim in the future that we have infringed their patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights. Claims may be made for indemnification resulting from allegations of infringement. Intellectual property infringement claims may be asserted against us as a result of the use by third parties of our products. Claims or litigation, with or without merit, could result in substantial costs and diversions of resources, either of which could harm our business.  

We also rely on copyright, trademark, service mark, trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary rights in products and services. We have registered "BroadVision", "Clearvale", "Interleaf" and the Clearvale logo as trademarks in the United States and/or in other countries  .    It is possible that our competitors or other companies will adopt product names similar to these trademarks, impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly confusing customers.  

20   

Table of Contents  

As a matter of company policy, we enter into confidentiality and assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, partners and vendors. We also control access to and distribution of our software, documents and other proprietary information. Notwithstanding these precautions, it may be possible for an unauthorized third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our software or other proprietary information or to develop similar software independently. Policing unauthorized use of our products will be difficult, particularly because the global nature of the Internet makes it difficult to control the ultimate destination or security of software and other transmitted data. The laws of other countries may afford us little or no effective protection of our intellectual property.  

A breach of the encryption technology that we use could expose us to liability and harm our reputation, causing a loss of customers.    

If any breach of the security technology embedded in our products or hosted Cloud operation were to occur, we would be exposed to liability and our reputation could be harmed, which could cause us to lose customers. A significant barrier to online commerce, portal, social networking and enterprise software   is   the secure exchange of valuable and confidential information over public networks. We rely on encryption and authentication technology, such as Open SSL, public key cryptography, encryption algorithms RC2 and MD5, digital certificates and HTTPS, to provide the security and authentication necessary to affect the secure exchange of confidential information. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, new hacking methods, security holes in 3rd-party components (such as operating system bugs) or other events or developments could cause a breach of the above measures that we use to protect customer data and identity.  

The loss or malfunction of technology from third parties could delay the introduction of our products and services.    

We rely in part on technology that we license from third parties or we obtain from open sources, including relational database management systems from Oracle, Microsoft and MySQL; J2EE from Oracle and JBoss; and others. The loss or malfunction of any third-party technology could harm our business. We integrate or sublicense third-party technology with internally developed software to perform key functions. For example, our products and services incorporate data encryption and authentication technology from Open SSL. Third-party technology might not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Moreover, third-party technology may contain defects that we cannot control. Problems with third-party technology could cause delays in introducing our products or services until equivalent technology, if available, is identified, licensed or obtained, and integrated. Delays in introducing our products and services could adversely affect our results of operations.  

Our use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation. 

We use open source software in our products and may continue to use open source software in the future. We may face claims from others claiming ownership of, or seeking to enforce the terms of, an open source license, including by demanding release of the open source software, derivative works, or our proprietary source code that was developed using such software. These claims could also result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license, or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our platform, any of which would have a negative effect on our business and operating results. In addition, if the license terms for the open source software we utilize change, we may be forced to reengineer or discontinue our products or incur additional costs. We cannot be certain that we have not incorporated open source software in our products in a manner that is inconsistent with our policies. 

Our officers, and highly skilled technical and managerial personnel are critical to our business, and they may not remain with us in the future.    

Our performance substantially depends on the performance of our officers. We also rely on our ability to retain and motivate qualified personnel, especially our management and highly skilled development teams. The loss of the services of any of our officers or   highly skilled technical and managerial personnel  , particularly our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Pehong Chen, could cause us to incur increased operating expenses and divert senior management resources in searching for replacements. The loss of their services also could harm our reputation if our customers were to become concerned about our future operations. We do not carry "key person" life insurance policies on any of our employees. Our future success also depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain other highly qualified technical and managerial personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially in the Internet industry. We have in the past experienced, and may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining sufficient numbers of highly skilled employees. The significant downturn in our business over the past several years has had and may continue to have a negative impact on our operations. We have restructured our operations by reducing our workforce and implementing other cost containment activities. These actions could lead to disruptions in our business, reduced employee morale and productivity, increased attrition, and problems with retaining existing and recruiting future employees.  

21   

Table of Contents  

Limitations on the online collection of profile information could impair the effectiveness of our products.    

Online   (web or mobile)   users' resistance to providing personal data, and laws and regulations prohibiting use of personal data gathered online without express consent or requiring businesses to notify their web site visitors of the possible dissemination of their personal data, could limit the effectiveness of our products. This in turn could adversely affect our sales and results of operations.  

One of the principal features of our products is the ability to develop and maintain profiles of online users to assist business managers in determining the nature of the content to be provided to these online users. Typically, profile information is captured when consumers, business customers and employees visit a web site   or use applications   and volunteer information in response to survey questions   or to application forms   concerning their backgrounds, interests and preferences. Profiles can be augmented over time through the subsequent collection of usage data. Although our products are designed to enable the development of applications that permit   online users   to prevent the distribution of any of their personal data beyond that specific web site  s or application services  , privacy concerns may nevertheless cause visitors to resist providing the personal data necessary to support this profiling capability. The mere perception by prospective customers that substantial security and privacy concerns exist among online users, whether or not valid, may indirectly inhibit market acceptance of our products.  

In addition, new laws and regulations could heighten privacy concerns by requiring businesses to notify   online     users that the data captured from them while online may be used by marketing entities to direct product messages to them.    We are subject to increasing regulation at the federal and state levels relating to online privacy and the use of personal user information. Several states have proposed legislation that would limit the uses of personal user information gathered online. In addition, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, has urged Congress to adopt legislation regarding the collection and use of personal identifying information obtained from individuals when accessing web sites. The FTC has settled several proceedings resulting in consent decrees in which Internet companies have been required to establish programs regarding the manner in which personal information is collected from users and provided to third parties. While we adhere to the privacy policies published with our solutions, we could become a party to a similar enforcement proceeding. These regulatory and enforcement efforts could also harm our customers' ability to collect demographic and personal information from users, which could impair the effectiveness of our products.  In addition, the European Union is in the process of proposing reforms to its existing data protection legal framework, which may result in a greater compliance burden for companies with customers in Europe. 

We may not have adequate back-up systems, and natural or manmade disasters could damage our operations, reduce our revenue and lead to a loss of customers.    

We   may   no  t have adequate back-up and redundant systems for both customer-used service and internal IT. A disaster could severely harm our business because our service and operation could be interrupted for an indeterminate length of time. Our operations depend upon our ability to maintain and protect our computer systems at our facility in Redwood City, California, which reside on or near known earthquake fault zones. These systems are vulnerable to damage from fire, floods, earthquakes, power loss, acts of terrorism, telecommunications failures and similar events. We also have significantly reduced our workforce since 2000, which has placed different requirements on our systems and has caused us to lose personnel knowledgeable about our systems, both of which could make it more difficult to quickly resolve system disruptions. Disruptions in our internal business operations could harm our business by resulting in delays, disruption of our customers' business, loss of data, and loss of customer confidence.  

We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk.    

A total of   5  4  % and 56%   of revenues for the first   nine     months of 2016 and 2015, respectively  , were derived from international operations for which we transact business in foreign currencies.   International revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies translate into higher or lower revenues and expenses in U.S. Dollars as the U.S. Dollar weakens or strengthens against such other currencies.   Substantially all of the revenues of our international operations are received, and substantially all expenses are incurred, in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, which increases or decreases the related U.S. Dollar-reported revenues and expenses depending on the fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.   These fluctuations could cause   our revenues outside the United States and other   results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors. Additionally, such foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could make it more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations.   In addition, a total of   27  % of our cash and cash equivalents as well as investments were denominated in foreign currencies as of   September     30  , 2016.    Accordingly, changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar can affect our operating results due to transactional and translational re-measurements that are reflected in our results of operations. To the extent that fluctuations in currency exchange rates cause our results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected.     

22   

Table of Contents  

W  e    do not engage in any hedging activities in order to manage any potential adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can address these risks.  

Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist stockholders. 

The actions of activist stockholders could adversely affect our business. Specifically, responding to common actions of an activist stockholder, including without limitation public proposals, requests to pursue a strategic combination or other transaction or other special requests, could disrupt our operations, be costly and time-consuming or divert the attention of our management and employees.  In addition perceived uncertainties as to our future direction in relation to the actions of an activist stockholder may result in the loss of potential business opportunities or the perception that we are unstable and need to make changes, which may be exploited by our competitors and make it more difficult to attract and retain personnel as well as consumers and service providers.  Actions of an activist stockholder may also cause fluctuations in our stock price based on speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 

Weakened global economic conditions may harm our industry, business, and results of operations. 

We derive revenue from clients in many countries, and our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. Global financial developments and downturns seemingly unrelated to us, our products or our industry may harm us. The United States and other key international economies have been impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies, and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. The revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depends on demand for our products generally. Historically, during economic downturns there have been reductions in spending on technology systems as well as pressure for extended billing terms and other financial concessions, which would negatively affect our operating results. These conditions affect the rate of technology spending and could adversely affect our customers  ability or willingness to purchase our products, delay prospective customers  purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscriptions, or affect renewal rates, all of which could harm our operating results. 

Risks related to our common stock    

One stockholder beneficially owns a substantial portion of the outstanding BroadVision common stock, and as a result exerts substantial control over us.    

As of   September   30  ,    2016  , Dr. Pehong Chen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, beneficially owned approximately 1.6 million shares of our common stock, which represents   approximately 33% of the outstanding   common stock as of such date. As a result, Dr. Chen exerts substantial control over all matters coming to a vote of our stockholders, including with respect to:  

the composition of our board of directors and, through it, any determination with respect to our business direction and policies, including the appointment and removal of officers;   

any determinations with respect to mergers and other business combinations;   

our acquisition or disposition of assets;   

our financing activities; and   

the payment of dividends on our capital stock.   

This control by Dr. Chen could depress the market price of our common stock or delay or prevent a change in control of BroadVision.  

Our stock price has been highly volatile.    

The high and low price of BroadVision common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market     ranged from $  4.49     per share to $  8.95     per share between   October     1,   2014   and   September    3  0  ,    2016  .   Our stock price is subject   to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, including:    

quarterly variations in operating results;  

announcements of technological innovations;  

announcements of new software or services by us or our competitors;  

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts;  

low trading volume on the NASDAQ Global Market;  

general economic conditions; or  

other events or factors that are beyond our control.  

23   

Table of Contents  

In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the trading prices of equity securities of many technology companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Any negative change in the public's perception of the prospects of Internet, enterprise social networking or electronic commerce companies could further depress our stock price regardless of our results. Other broad market fluctuations may decrease the trading price of BroadVision common stock. In the past, following declines in the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation, such as the class action lawsuits filed against us and certain of our officers and directors in early 2001, has often been instituted against that company. Litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources.  

Item     2  . Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Not applicable. 

Item     3  . Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

Not applicable. 

Item     4  . Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item     5  . Other Information 

Not applicable. 

24   

Table of Contents  

Item     6  . Exhibits    

Exhibits Number  

Description  

3.1   

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 29, 1996 (File No. 333-03844)).  

3.2   

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 filed on March 27, 2007 (File No. 000-28252)).  

3.3   

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008, filed on November 6, 2008 (File No. 000-28252)).     

3.4   

Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2008 (File No. 000-28252)).  

31.1  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of BroadVision   pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of BroadVision   pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1  (1)  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of BroadVision pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101  

The following materials from BroadVision, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30  , 201  6  , formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30  , 201  6   and December 31, 201  5  , (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss for the   three and   nine     months   ended   September 30  , 201  6   and 201  5  , (iii) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the   nine months   ended   September 30  , 201  6   and 201  5  , and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

(1)  

The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Broadvision, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

25   

Table of Contents  

SIGNA    T  URES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BROADVISION, INC.  

Date  :    November 10  , 201  6  

By:  

/s/ Pehong Chen  

Pehong Chen  

President and Chief   Executive Officer  

Date:   November 10  , 201  6  

By:  

/s/   Peter Chu  

Peter Chu  

Chief   Financial Officer   and Vice President of Strategy and Product Management  

26   

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibits Number  

Description  

3.1   

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 29, 1996 (File No. 333-03844)).  

3.2   

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 filed on March 27, 2007 (File No. 000-28252)).  

3.3   

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008, filed on November 6, 2008 (File No. 000-28252)).     

3.4   

Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2008 (File No. 000-28252)).  

31.1  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of BroadVision   pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of BroadVision   pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1  (1)  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of BroadVision pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101  

The following materials from BroadVision, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30  , 201  6  , formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30  , 201  6   and December 31, 201  5  , (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss for the   three and   nine     months   ended   September 30  , 201  6   and 201  5  , (iii) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the   nine months   ended   September 30  , 201  6   and 201  5  , and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

(1)  

The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Broadvision, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

27   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bvsn-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311 Q3 16

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE COMPANY  

CERTIFICATION 

I, Pehong Chen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BroadVision, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 10  ,    2016 

/s/ Pehong Chen  

Pehong Chen  
					 
						 Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bvsn-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312 Q3 16

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE COMPANY  

CERTIFICATION 

I, Peter Chu, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BroadVision, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 10  , 201  6 

/s/  Peter Chu  

Peter Chu  
					 
						 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Strategy and Product Management  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 bvsn-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321 Q3 16

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE COMPANY PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), Pehong Chen, the Chief Executive Officer of BroadVision, Inc. (the "Company"), and Peter Chu, the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Strategy and Product Management of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1. The Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September   30  ,    2016  , and to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the "Periodic Report"), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the   10th     day of   November  ,    2016  . 

/s/  Pehong Chen  

Pehong Chen  
					 
						 Chief Executive Officer  

/s/  Peter  Chu  

Peter Chu  
					 
						 Chief Finan  cial Officer and Vice President   of Strategy and Product Management  

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of BroadVision, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 bvsn-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bvsn-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bvsn-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bvsn-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bvsn-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bvsn-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

