<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1579684_0001579684-16-000010_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6041668</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>220467</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>380470</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1710067</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2555883</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1074296</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001579684-16-000010.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027160710
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001579684-16-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160925
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Media Investment Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001579684
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NEWSPAPERS:  PUBLISHING OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING [2711]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36097
		FILM NUMBER:		161955587

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 479-5312

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001579684-16-000010.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 newm_10-qx09252016xdoc.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  __________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  __________________________________________________ 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 25, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number:001-36097 
     __________________________________________________ 
  New Media Investment Group Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
     __________________________________________________ 

Telephone: (212) 479-3160 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
     __________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
    
  As of October 26, 2016,   44,870,143   shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION 

Certain statements in this report on Form 10-Q may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that reflect our current views regarding, among other things, our future growth, results of operations, performance and business prospects and opportunities, as well as other statements that are other than historical fact. Words such as  anticipate(s),   expect(s) ,  intend(s) ,  plan(s) ,  target(s) ,  project(s) ,  believe(s) ,  will ,  aim ,  would ,  seek(s) ,  estimate(s)  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. 
  Forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could lead to actual results materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance that our expectations will be attained. Our actual results, liquidity and financial condition may differ from the anticipated results, liquidity and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. These forward looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and there are certain important factors that could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements, including, among others: 
             
    general economic and market conditions; 
                
    economic conditions in the Northeast, Southeast and Midwest regions of the United States;  
                
    our ability to grow our digital business and digital audience and advertiser base; 
                
    the growing shift within the publishing industry from traditional print media to digital forms of publication; 
                
    our ability to acquire local media print assets at attractive valuations; 
                
    declining advertising and circulation revenues; 
                
    the risk that we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our recent or potential future acquisitions; 
                
    the availability and cost of capital for future investments; 
                
    our indebtedness may restrict our operations and / or require us to dedicate a portion of cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest; 
                
    our ability to pay dividends consistent with prior practice or at all; 
                
    our ability to realize the benefits of the Management Agreement (as defined below); 
                
    the impact of any material transactions with the Manager (as defined below) or one of its affiliates, including the impact of any actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest; 
                
    the competitive environment in which we operate; 
                
    our ability to recruit and retain key personnel. 
     Additional risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, the risks identified by us under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this report. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except to the extent required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based.  

2 

Page 

PART I. 
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 25, 2016 (unaudited) and December 27, 2015  
    4 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015  
    5 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 25, 2016  
    6 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015  
    7 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    8 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    27 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    39 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    40 

PART II. 
     OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    41 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    41 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    55 

Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    56 

Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    56 

Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    56 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    56 

Signatures  
    57 

3 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

NEW MEDIA INVESTMENT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, except share data)   

  See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

NEW MEDIA INVESTMENT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

NEW MEDIA INVESTMENT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity 
  (In thousands, except share data) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

NEW MEDIA INVESTMENT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

NEW MEDIA INVESTMENT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

(1) Unaudited Financial Statements 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of New Media Investment Group Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, the  Company  or  New Media ) have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and applicable provisions of Regulation S-X, each as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Certain information and note disclosures normally included in comprehensive annual financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP have generally been condensed or omitted pursuant to SEC rules and regulations. 
  Management believes that the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) that, in the opinion of management, are necessary to present fairly the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended December 27, 2015, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  New Media was formed as a Delaware corporation on June 18, 2013. New Media was capitalized by and issued   1,000   common shares to Newcastle Investment Corp. ( Newcastle ). New Media had no operations until November 26, 2013, when it assumed control of GateHouse Media, Inc. ("GateHouse") and Local Media Group Holdings LLC.  Gatehouse was determined to be the predecessor to New Media, as the operations of GateHouse comprise substantially all of the business operations of the combined companies. Newcastle owned approximately   84.6%   of New Media until February 13, 2014, upon which date Newcastle distributed the shares that it held in New Media to its shareholders on a pro rata basis.  
  The Company s operating segments  (Eastern US Publishing, Central US Publishing, Western US Publishing, and BridgeTower) are aggregated into   one   reportable segment. 
  The newspaper industry and the Company have experienced declining revenue and profitability over the past several years. As a result, the Company has implemented, and continues to implement, plans to reduce costs and preserve cash flow. This includes cost reduction programs and the sale of non-core assets. The Company believes these initiatives along with cash provided by operating activities will provide it with the financial resources necessary to invest in the business and provide sufficient cash flow to enable the Company to meet its commitments. 
  
   8 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  The changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   are outlined below. 

(1) 
    This accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component is included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. See Note 10. 
     The following table presents reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  . 
                                                   
    Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated 
  Other Comprehensive Loss 

Three months ended September 25, 2016 
      
    Three months ended September 27, 2015 
      
    Nine months ended September 25, 2016 
      
    Nine months ended September 27, 2015 
      
    Affected Line Item in the 
  Consolidated Statements  
  of Operations and  
  Comprehensive Income 
      Amortization of unrecognized loss 
    $ 
    20 

$ 
    24 

$ 
    61 

$ 
    70 
      
     (1)   
      
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    20 

24 

61 

70 

Income before income taxes 
      Income tax expense 

Income tax expense (benefit) 
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes 
    $ 
    20 

$ 
    24 

$ 
    61 

$ 
    70 

Net income 

(1) 
    This accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component is included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. See Note 10. 
     Reclassifications 
           Certain amounts in the prior period's condensed consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  
   9 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606).  ASU No. 2014-09 will replace all current U.S. GAAP guidance on this topic and eliminate all industry-specific guidance. The new revenue recognition standard provides a unified model to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance would have been effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date  which defers for one year the effective date of the new revenue standard (ASU No. 2014-09) for public and non-public entities reporting under U.S. GAAP. The standard is to be applied using one of two retrospective application methods.  The FASB is permitting entities to adopt the standard as of the original effective date. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Principal versus Agent Considerations  (Topic 606), which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The Company is currently reviewing these amendments and application methods to determine the impact on the financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest-Imputation of Interest  (Topic 835), which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance of debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update. The standard is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2016 and requires the Company to apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis on adoption.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements , which addresses the presentation of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. As a result of these amendments, the Company s deferred financing costs of   $3,143   were reclassified from long-term assets to long-term debt as of December 27, 2015, on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  (Topic 330), which simplifies the measurement of inventory by requiring certain inventory to be measured at the  lower of cost and net realizable value  and options that currently exist for  market value  will be eliminated. The ASU defines net realizable value as the  estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation.   The standard will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of  2017. Entities should adopt the guidance prospectively, and early adoption is permitted.  The amendments in ASU No. 2015-11 are not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842), which revises the accounting related to lessee accounting. Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The provisions of ASU 2016-02 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and should be applied through a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this accounting standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation  (Topic 718), which addresses several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  The provisions are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and there are various adoptions methods.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact this accounting standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
   
  (2) Acquisitions and Dispositions 
  Acquisitions 
  2016 Other Acquisitions  
  The Company acquired substantially all the assets, properties and business of certain publications and businesses on December 31, 2015, January 12, 2016, March 18, 2016, April 22, 2016, April 29, 2016, June 29, 2016, and August 1, 2016 ( 2016 Other Acquisitions ), which included   67   business publications,   two     daily newspapers,   five   weekly publications,   four   shoppers, and digital platforms for an aggregate purchase price of   $107,223  , including estimated working capital.  The acq 
  
   10 

uisitions were financed from cash on hand.  The rationale for the acquisitions was primarily due to the attractive nature, as applicable, of the newspaper assets and digital platforms, and cash flows combined with cost saving and revenue-generating opportunities available.  
  The Company accounted for the 2016 Other Acquisitions under the acquisition method of accounting. The net assets, including goodwill, have been recorded in the consolidated balance sheet at their fair values in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 805,  Business Combinations  ( ASC 805 ).  The fair value determination of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary based upon all information available to us at the present time and are subject to working capital and other adjustments. The value assigned to property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, liabilities and goodwill is preliminary and subject to the completion of valuations to determine the fair market value of the tangible and intangible assets. The final calculation of working capital and other adjustments and determination of fair values for tangible and intangible assets may result in different allocations among the various asset classes from those set forth below and any such differences could be material. 
     The following table summarizes the preliminary fair values of the assets and liabilities:  

The Company obtained third party independent valuations or performed similar calculations internally to assist in the determination of the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  Three basic approaches were used to determine value: the cost approach (used for equipment where an active secondary market is not available, building improvements, and software), the direct sales comparison (market) approach (used for land and equipment where an active secondary market is available) and the income approach (used for intangible assets).  The obligation assumed for the defined benefit pension plan was measured in accordance with ASC 715-20,  Compensation-Retirement Benefits . 
  The Company recorded approximately   $120   and   $812   of selling, general and administrative expense for acquisition-related costs for the 2016 Other Acquisitions during the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016  , respectively. 
  For tax purposes, the amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible is   $24,520  . 
  Stephens Media, LLC 
  On March 18, 2015, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company completed its acquisition of the assets of Stephens Media, LLC ( Stephens Media ) for an aggregate purchase price of   $110,767  , including working capital. The Stephens Media acquisition was financed with cash on hand. The purchase price was allocated to the fair value of the net assets acquired and any excess value over the tangible and identifiable intangible assets was recorded as goodwill. The acquisition includes   nine   daily newspapers,   thirty-five   weekly publications and   fifteen   shoppers serving communities throughout the United States with a combined average daily circulation of approximately   221   and   244   on Sunday. The acquisition was completed because of the  
  
   11 

attractive nature of the newspaper assets and cash flows as well as the cost saving opportunities. The purchase price reflects a working capital adjustment of   $312   paid in July 2015. 
  The Company accounted for the material business combination of Stephens Media under the acquisition method of accounting. The net assets, including goodwill, have been recorded in the consolidated balance sheet at their fair values in accordance with ASC 805.  
  The following table summarizes the fair values of Stephens Media assets and liabilities:    

The Company obtained a third party independent valuation to assist in the determination of the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The property, plant and equipment valuation includes an analysis of recent comparable sales and offerings of land parcels in each of the subject s markets. The estimated fair value is supported by the consideration paid and was determined using standard generally accepted appraisal practices and valuation procedures. The valuation firm used the three basic approaches to value: the cost approach (used for equipment where an active secondary market is not available and building improvements), the direct sales comparison (market) approach (used for land and equipment where an active secondary market is available) and the income approach (used for intangible assets). These approaches used are based on the cost to reproduce assets, market exchanges for comparable assets and the capitalization of income. Useful lives range from   1   to   15   years for personal property and   9   to   29   years for real property. 
  The valuation utilized a relief from royalty method, an income approach, to determine the fair value of mastheads. Key assumptions utilized in this valuation include revenue projections, a royalty rate of   2.0%  , a long-term growth rate of   0.0%  , a tax rate of   40.0%   and a discount rate of   22.0%  . The following intangible assets were valued using the income approach, specifically the excess earnings method: subscriber relationships, advertiser relationships and customer relationships. In determining the fair value of these intangible assets, the excess earnings approach values the intangible asset at the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable only to the asset after deducting contributory asset charges. The incremental after-tax cash flows attributable to the subject intangible asset are then discounted to their present value. A static pool approach using historical attrition rates was used to estimate attrition rates of   5.0%   to   10.0%   for advertiser relationships, subscriber relationships and customer relationships. The long term growth rate was estimated to be   0.0%   and the discount rate was estimated at   23.0%  . The licensing agreement asset was valued using a discounted cash flow analysis, an income approach. In determining the fair value of this intangible asset, the discounted cash flow approach values the intangible asset at the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable to the asset. The terms of the licensing agreement provide for a   $2,500   annual payment. A discount rate of   10.0%   and income tax rate of   40.0%   were used in the discounted cash flow calculation. Amortizable lives range from   14   to   16   years for subscriber relationships, advertiser relationships and customer relationships, while mastheads are considered a non-amortizable intangible asset and the licensing agreement is amortized over the remaining contract life of approximately   25   years. 
  Trade accounts receivable, having an estimated fair value of   $13,177  , were included in the acquired assets. The gross contractual amount of these receivables was   $14,398   and the contractual cash flows not expected to be collected were estimated at   $1,221   as of the acquisition date. 
  For tax purposes, the amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible is   $3,082  , after the allocation of goodwill to the Review Journal (as defined below). 
  
   12 

Halifax Media Group 
  On January 9, 2015, the Company completed its acquisition of substantially all of the assets from Halifax Media Group for an aggregate purchase price of   $285,369  , including working capital and net of assumed debt. Of the purchase price,   $17,000   was held in an escrow account, to be available for application against indemnification and certain other obligations of the sellers arising during the first twelve months following the closing, with the remainder not so applied or subject to claims being delivered to the sellers. Subsequently, the escrow has been released.  The acquisition includes   twenty-four   daily publications,   thirteen   weekly publications, and   five   shoppers serving areas of Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Massachusetts, North Carolina, and South Carolina with a daily circulation of approximately   635   and   752   on Sunday. The acquisition was completed because of the attractive nature of the newspaper assets and cash flows as well as the cost saving opportunities. The purchase price reflects a working capital adjustment of   $750   received in August 2015. 
  In conjunction with the acquisition on January 9, 2015, the New Media Credit Agreement (as defined below) was amended to provide for the 2015 Incremental Term Loan (as defined below) under the Incremental Facility (as defined below) in an aggregate principal amount of   $102,000  , the 2015 Incremental Revolver (as defined below) under the Incremental Facility (as defined below) in an aggregate principal amount of   $50,000   and to make certain amendments to the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) in connection with the acquisition of the assets of Halifax Media Group. In addition, the New Media Borrower (as defined below) was required to pay an upfront fee of   1.00%   of the aggregate amount of the 2015 Incremental Term Loan and 2015 Incremental Revolver as of the effective date of the amendment. The remaining amount of the purchase price was funded by cash on hand. On January 20, 2015, the Company repaid the outstanding loans under the 2015 Incremental Revolver and the 2015 Incremental Revolver commitments were terminated. 
  The Company accounted for the material business combination of Halifax Media Group under the acquisition method of accounting. The net assets, including goodwill have been recorded in the consolidated balance sheet at their fair values in accordance with ASC 805.  
  The following table summarizes the fair values of Halifax Media Group assets and liabilities: 

The Company obtained a third party independent valuation to assist in the determination of the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The property, plant and equipment valuation included an analysis of recent comparable sales and offerings of land parcels in each of the subject s markets. The estimated fair value is supported by the consideration paid and was determined using standard generally accepted appraisal practices and valuation procedures. The valuation firm used three basic approaches to value: the cost approach (used for equipment where an active secondary market is not available and building improvements), the direct sales comparison (market) approach (used for land and equipment where an active secondary market is available) and the income approach (used for intangible assets). The approaches used are based on the cost to reproduce assets, market exchanges for comparable assets and the capitalization of income. Useful lives range from   1   to   17   years for personal property and   8   to   22   years for real property. 
  The valuation utilized a relief from royalty method, an income approach, to determine the fair value of mastheads. Key assumptions utilized in this valuation include revenue projections, a royalty rate of   2.0%  , long-term growth rate of   0.0%  , tax rate of   40.0%   and discount rate of   16.0%  . The Company valued the following intangible assets using the income approach, specifically the excess earnings method: subscriber relationships, advertiser relationships and customer relationships. In determining the fair value of these intangible assets, the excess earnings approach will value the intangible asset at the present  
  
   13 

value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable only to the asset after deducting contributory asset charges. The incremental after-tax cash flows attributable to the subject intangible asset are then discounted to their present value. A static pool approach using historical attrition rates was used to estimate attrition rates of   5.0%   to   10.0%   for advertiser relationships, subscriber relationships and customer relationships. The long-term growth rate was estimated to be   0.0%   and the discount rate was estimated at   16.5%  . Amortizable lives range from   14   to   17   years for subscriber relationships, advertiser relationships and customer relationships, while mastheads are considered a non-amortizable intangible asset. 
  Trade accounts receivable, having an estimated fair value of   $34,255  , were included in the acquired assets. The gross contractual amount of these receivables was   $36,266   and the contractual cash flows not expected to be collected were estimated at   $2,011   as of the acquisition date. 
  For tax purposes, the amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible is   $31,744  . 
  2015 Other Acquisitions 
  The Company acquired substantially all the assets, properties and business of publishing/operating certain newspapers on June 15, 2015 and September 23, 2015 ( 2015 Other Acquisitions ), which included   two   daily newspapers,   twenty-eight   weekly publications, and   two   shoppers serving Central Ohio and Southern Michigan for an aggregate purchase price, including estimated working capital, of   $52,021  . The acquisition completed on June 15, 2015 was financed with   $25,000   of additional term debt under the New Media Credit Agreement and the remaining amount from cash on hand. The acquisition completed on September 23, 2015 was financed with cash on hand.  The rationale for the acquisitions was primarily due to the attractive nature of the newspaper assets and cash flows combined with cost saving opportunities available by clustering with the Company s nearby newspapers. 
  The Company has accounted for these transactions under the acquisition method of accounting. The net assets, including goodwill, have been recorded in the consolidated balance sheet at their fair values in accordance with ASC 805. 
  The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets and liabilities: 

The Company obtained third party independent valuations or performed similar calculations internally to assist in the determination of the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The three basic approaches were used to estimate the fair values: the cost approach (used for equipment where an active secondary market is not available and building improvements), the direct sales comparison (market) approach (used for land and equipment where an active secondary market is available) and the income approach (used for subscriber relationships, advertiser relationships, customer relationships and mastheads). 
  For tax purposes, the amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible is   $2,193  . 
  Dispositions    
  On December 10, 2015, the Company completed its sale of the   Las Vegas Review-Journal   and related publications ( Review-Journal ) (initially acquired in the Stephens Media acquisition), which are located in Las Vegas, Nevada, for an aggregate sale price of   $140,000   plus working capital adjustment of   $1,000  . As a result, a pre-tax gain of   $57,072  , net of selling expenses, is included in (gain) loss on sale or disposal of assets on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive  
  
   14 

income (loss) for this period, since the disposition did not qualify for treatment as a discontinued operation under ASU No. 2014-08.  
  The carrying amount of assets and liabilities included as part of the disposal group were:  

The Company entered into a Management and Advisory Agreement with DB Nevada Holdings, Inc. in conjunction with the sale of the Review-Journal on December 10, 2015.  Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is authorized to manage and conduct business and oversee the assets and operations.  The Company analyzed the terms of the agreement based on the guidance in ASU No. 2015-02 and concluded that the fees received from the Review-Journal do not represent a variable interest.  On February 23, 2016, the Company received notification of termination of the Management and Advisory Agreement, which subsequently terminated on May 23, 2016. 
  Pro-Forma Results 
  The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statement of operations information for 2015, set forth below, presents the results of operations as if the consolidation of the newspapers from Halifax Media Group and Stephens Media had occurred on December 29, 2014. The pro forma information excludes results of operations of the Review-Journal, as well as the gain on sale of assets.  The results of operations of the 2016 and 2015 Other Acquisitions are not material to the Company s results of operations and have been excluded from the pro-forma results. 
  These amounts are not necessarily indicative of future results or actual results that would have been achieved had the acquisitions occurred as of the beginning of such period. There are no pro-forma adjustments needed for the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and three months ended   September 27, 2015  . 

(3) Share-Based Compensation 
  The Company recognized compensation cost for share-based payments of   $609  ,   $395  ,   $1,846  , and   $910   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively. The total compensation cost not yet recognized related to non-vested awards as of   September 25, 2016   was   $4,482  , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   1.92   years through July 2019. 
  On February 3, 2014, the Board of Directors of New Media (the  Board  or  Board of Directors ) adopted the New Media Investment Group Inc. Nonqualified Stock Option and Incentive Award Plan (the  Incentive Plan ) that authorized up to   15,000,000   shares that can be granted under the Incentive Plan. On the same date, the New Media Board adopted a form of the New Media Investment Group Inc. Non-Officer Director Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (the  Form Grant Agreement ) to govern the terms of awards of restricted stock ( New Media Restricted Stock ) granted under the Incentive Plan to directors who are not officers or employees of New Media (the  Non-Officer Directors ). On February 24, 2015, the New Media Board  
  
   15 

adopted a form of the New Media Investment Group Inc. Employee Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (the  Form Employee Grant Agreement ) to govern the terms of awards of New Media Restricted Stock granted under the Incentive Plan to employees of New Media and its subsidiaries (the  Employees ). Both the Form Grant Agreement and the Form Employee Grant Agreement provide for the grant of New Media Restricted Stock that vests in equal annual installments on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date, subject to continued service, and immediate vesting in full upon death or disability. If service terminates for any other reason, all unvested shares of New Media Restricted Stock will be forfeited. During the period prior to the lapse and removal of the vesting restrictions, a grantee of a restricted stock grant ( RSG ) will have all the rights of a stockholder, including without limitation, the right to vote and the right to receive all dividends or other distributions. Any dividends or other distributions that are declared with respect to the shares of New Media Restricted Stock will be paid at the time such shares vest.  As a result, the RSGs are reflected as outstanding common stock. The value of the RSGs on the date of issuance is recognized as selling, general and administrative expense over the vesting period with an increase to additional paid-in-capital. 
  On March 14, 2014, a grant of restricted shares totaling   15,870   shares was made to the Company s Non-Officer Directors, of which   5,280   and   5,289   vested on March 14, 2016 and March 14, 2015, respectively. During the year ended December 27, 2015, grants of restricted shares totaling   234,267   shares were made to the Company s Employees, of which   78,023   vested during the nine months ended September 25, 2016. During the three months ended March 27, 2016, a grant of restricted shares totaling   175,650   shares was made to the Company s Employees.  During the three months ended June 26, 2016, a grant of restricted shares totaling   10,864   shares was made to the Company s Employees and   7,313   restricted shares were forfeited.  During the three months ended September 25, 2016, a grant of restricted shares totaling   2,018   shares was made to the Company s Employees and   12,376   restricted shares were forfeited. 
  As of   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , there were   330,388   and   244,848   RSGs, respectively, issued and outstanding with a weighted average grant date fair value of   $18.24   and   $21.67  , respectively. As of   September 25, 2016  , the aggregate intrinsic value of unvested RSGs was   $5,362  .  
  RSG activity during the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   was as follows: 

FASB ASC Topic 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation , requires the recognition of share-based compensation for the number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. The Company s estimated forfeitures are based on the Company s historical forfeiture rates. Estimated forfeitures are reassessed periodically and the estimate may change based on new facts and circumstances. 
   
  (4) Restructuring 
  Over the past several years, and in furtherance of the Company s cost reduction and cash preservation plans outlined in Note 1, the Company has engaged in a series of individual restructuring programs, designed primarily to right size the Company s employee base, consolidate facilities and improve operations, including those of recently acquired entities. These initiatives impact all of the Company s geographic regions and are often influenced by the terms of union contracts within the region. All costs related to these programs, which primarily reflect severance expense, are accrued at the time of announcement or over the remaining service period. 
  A rollforward of the accrued restructuring costs, included in accrued expenses on the balance sheet, for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   is outlined below. 
  
   16 

(1) 
    Other costs primarily included costs to consolidate operations. 
     The restructuring reserve balance is expected to be paid out over the next twelve months. 
  The following table summarizes the costs incurred and cash paid in connection with these restructuring programs for the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  . 

17 

(5) Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
  Goodwill and intangible assets consisted of the following: 

As of   September 25, 2016  , the weighted average amortization periods for amortizable intangible assets are   15.2   years for advertiser relationships,   15.2   years for customer relationships,   14.6   years for subscriber relationships and   5.1   years for other intangible assets. The weighted average amortization period in total for all amortizable intangible assets is   14.7   years. 
  Amortization expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   was   $5,407  ,   $4,161  ,   $15,097  , and   $12,119  , respectively. Estimated future amortization expense as of   September 25, 2016  , is as follows: 

18 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the period from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016   are as follows: 

The Company s annual impairment assessment is made on the last day of its fiscal second quarter. 
  The carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for possible impairment on an annual basis or between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value. The Company is required to determine its goodwill impairment using a two-step process. The first step is used to identify potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 
  As part of the annual impairment assessments, as of June 26, 2016, the fair values of the Company s reporting units for goodwill impairment testing, which include Eastern US Publishing, Central US Publishing, and Western US Publishing, and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which include newspaper mastheads, were estimated using the expected present value of future cash flows, recent industry multiples and using estimates, judgments and assumptions that management believes were appropriate in the circumstances. The estimates and judgments used in the assessment included multiples for EBITDA, the weighted average cost of capital and the terminal growth rate. The Company determined that the future cash flow and industry multiple analysis provided the best estimate of the fair value of its reporting units.  As a result of the annual assessment s Step 1 analysis that was performed, no impairment of goodwill was identified. The Company uses a  relief from royalty  approach which utilizes a discounted cash flow model to determine the fair value of each masthead.  Additionally, the estimated fair value exceeded carrying value for all mastheads. The Company performed a qualitative assessment for the recently-acquired BridgeTower reporting unit and masthead and concluded that it is not more likely than not that the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired.  As a result, no quantitative impairment testing was performed for this reporting unit. The total Company s estimate of reporting unit fair value was reconciled to its then market capitalization (based upon the stock market price and fair value of debt) plus an estimated control premium. 
  As of September 25, 2016, a review of impairment indicators was performed by the Company noting that its financial results and forecast had not changed materially since the June 26, 2016 annual impairment test, and it was determined that no indicators of impairment were present. 
  The newspaper industry and the Company have experienced declining same store revenue and profitability over the past several years. Should general economic, market or business conditions decline, and have a negative impact on estimates of future cash flow and market transaction multiples, the Company may be required to record impairment charges in the future. 
   
  (6) Indebtedness 
  New Media Credit Agreement 
  On June 4, 2014, New Media Holdings II LLC (the  New Media Borrower ), a wholly owned subsidiary of New Media, entered into a credit agreement (the  New Media Credit Agreement ) among the New Media Borrower, New Media Holdings I LLC ( Holdings I ), the lenders party thereto, RBS Citizens, N.A. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch as syndication agent and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania as administration agent which provides for (i) a   $200,000   senior secured term facility (the  Term Loan Facility  and any loan thereunder, including as part of the Incremental Facility,  Term Loans ) and (ii) a   $25,000   senior secured revolving credit facility, with a   $5,000   sub-facility for letters of credit and a   $5,000   sub-facility for swing loans, (the  Revolving Credit Facility  and together with the Term Loan Facility, the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). In addition, the New Media Borrower may request one or more new commitments for term loans or revolving loans from time to time up to an aggregate total of   $75,000   (the  Incremental Facility ) subject to certain conditions. On June 4, 2014, the New Media Borrower borrowed   $200,000   under the Term Loan Facility (the  Initial Term Loans ). As of   September 25, 2016  ,   $0   was drawn under  
  
   19 

the Revolving Credit Facility.  The Term Loans mature on   June 4, 2020   and the maturity date for the Revolving Credit Facility is   June 4, 2019  . The New Media Credit Agreement was amended; 
     on September 3, 2014, to provide for additional term loans under the Incremental Facility in an aggregate principal amount of   $25,000   (the  2014 Incremental Term Loan  
     on November 20, 2014, to increase the amount of the Incremental Facility that may be requested after the date of the amendment from   $75,000   to   $225,000  ;  
     on January 9, 2015, to provide for   $102,000   in additional term loans (the  2015 Incremental Term Loan ) and   $50,000   in additional revolving commitments (the  2015 Incremental Revolver ) under the Incremental Facility and to make certain amendments to the Revolving Credit Facility in connection with the Halifax Media acquisition;  
     on February 13, 2015, to provide for the replacement of the existing term loans under the Term Loan Facility (including the 2014 Incremental Term Loan and the 2015 Incremental Term Loan) with a new class of replacement term loans. This amendment was considered a modification, and the related   $104   of fees were expensed during the first quarter of 2015;  
     on March 6, 2015, to provide for   $15,000   in additional revolving commitments under the Incremental Facility and in connection with this transaction, the Company incurred approximately   $237   of fees and expenses which were capitalized as deferred financing costs; and 
     on May 29, 2015, to provide for   $25,000   in additional term loans under the Incremental Facility.  
  Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest, at the New Media Borrower s option, at a rate equal to either (i) an adjusted Eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin equal to   6.25%   per annum (subject to a floor of   1.00%  ) or (ii) an adjusted base rate, plus an applicable margin equal to   5.25%   per annum (subject to a floor of   2.00%  ). The New Media Borrower currently uses the Eurodollar rate option. 
  Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at the New Media Borrower s option, at a rate equal to either (i) an adjusted Eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin equal to   5.25%   per annum or (ii) an adjusted base rate, plus an applicable margin equal to   4.25%   per annum, with a step down based on achievement of a certain total leverage ratio. The New Media Borrower currently uses the Eurodollar rate option. 
  As of   September 25, 2016   the New Media Credit Agreement had a weighted average interest rate of   7.2%  . 
  The Senior Secured Credit Facilities are unconditionally guaranteed by Holdings I and certain subsidiaries of the New Media Borrower (collectively, the  Guarantors ) and is required to be guaranteed by all future material wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. All obligations under the New Media Credit Agreement are secured, subject to certain exceptions, by substantially all of the New Media Borrower s assets and the assets of the Guarantors. 
  Repayments made under the Term Loans are equal to   1.0%   annually of the original principal amount in equal   quarterly   installments for the life of the Term Loans, with the remainder due at maturity. The New Media Borrower is permitted to make voluntary prepayments at any time without premium or penalty. 
  The New Media Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative covenants and negative covenants applicable to Holdings I, the New Media Borrower and the New Media Borrower's subsidiaries, including, among other things, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, fundamental changes, dispositions, and dividends and other distributions, and events of default. The New Media Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant that requires Holdings I, the New Media Borrower and the New Media Borrower s subsidiaries to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio of   3.25   to 1.00.  
  As of   September 25, 2016  , the Company is in compliance with all of the covenants and obligations under the New Media Credit Agreement. 
  Advantage Credit Agreements 
  In connection with the purchase of the assets of Halifax Media, which closed on January 9, 2015, certain subsidiaries of the Company (the  Advantage Borrowers ) agreed to assume all of the obligations of Halifax Media and its affiliates in respect of each of (i) that certain Consolidated Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 6, 2012 among Halifax Media Acquisition LLC, Advantage Capital Community Development Fund XXVIII, L.L.C., and Florida Community Development  
  
   20 

Fund II, L.L.C. (as amended, the  Halifax Florida Credit Agreement ) and (ii) that certain Credit Agreement dated June 18, 2013 between Halifax Alabama, LLC and Southeast Community Development Fund V, L.L.C. (the  Halifax Alabama Credit Agreement  and, together with the Halifax Florida Credit Agreement, the  Advantage Credit Agreements ), respectively (the debt under the Halifax Florida Credit Agreement, the  Advantage Florida Debt  the debt under the Halifax Alabama Credit Agreement, the  Advantage Alabama Debt  and the Advantage Florida Debt and the Advantage Alabama Debt, collectively, the  Advantage Debt ). 
  The Halifax Florida Credit Agreement is in the principal amount of   $10,000   and bears interest at the rate of   5.25%   per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, maturing on December 31, 2016. The Halifax Alabama Credit Agreement is in the principal amount of   $8,000   and bears interest at the rate of LIBOR plus   6.25%   per annum (with a minimum of   1%   LIBOR) payable quarterly in arrears, maturing on March 31, 2019. The Advantage Debt is secured by a perfected second priority security interest in all the assets of the Advantage Borrowers and certain other subsidiaries of the Company, subject to the limitation that the maximum amount of secured obligations is   $15,000  . The Advantage Credit Facilities are unconditionally guaranteed by Holdings I and certain subsidiaries of the New Media Borrowers and are required to be guaranteed by all future material wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. The Advantage Debt is subordinated to the New Media Credit Facilities pursuant to an intercreditor agreement. 
  The Advantage Credit Agreements contain covenants substantially consistent with those contained in the New Media Credit Facilities in addition to those required for compliance with the New Markets Tax Credit program. The Advantage Borrowers are permitted to make voluntary prepayments at any time without premium or penalty and are subject to customary mandatory prepayment events including from proceeds from asset sales and certain debt obligations.  
  The Advantage Credit Agreements contain customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants applicable to the Advantage Borrowers and certain of the Company subsidiaries, including, among other things, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, fundamental changes, dispositions, and dividends and other distributions. The Advantage Credit Agreements contain a financial covenant that requires Holdings I, the New Media Borrower and the New Media Borrower s subsidiaries to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio of   3.75   to 1.00. The Advantage Credit Agreements contain customary events of default. 
  As of   September 25, 2016  , the Company is in compliance with all of the covenants and obligations under the Advantage Credit Agreements. 
  Fair Value 
  The fair value of long-term debt under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the Advantage Credit Agreements was estimated at   $363,670   as of   September 25, 2016  , based on discounted future contractual cash flows and a market interest rate adjusted for necessary risks, including the Company s own credit risk as there are no rates currently observable in publicly traded debt markets of risk with similar terms and average maturities. Accordingly, the Company s long-term debt under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Payment Schedule 
  As of   September 25, 2016  , scheduled principal payments of outstanding debt are as follows: 

21 

For further information, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements,  Indebtedness,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015. 
   
  (7) Related Party Transactions 
  As of December 29, 2013, Newcastle (an affiliate of FIG LLC (the  Manager ) beneficially owned approximately   84.6%   of the Company s outstanding common stock. On February 13, 2014, Newcastle completed the spin-off of the Company. On February 14, 2014 New Media became a separate, publicly traded company trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol  NEWM . As a result of the spin-off, the fees included in the Management Agreement with the Company s Manager became effective. As of   September 25, 2016  , Fortress and its affiliates owned approximately   1.5%   of the Company s outstanding stock and approximately   39.5%   of the Company s outstanding warrants.  The Company s Manager holds   1,445,062   stock options of the Company s stock as of   September 25, 2016  .  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , Fortress and its affiliates were paid   $225  ,   $225  ,   $675  ,   $654   in dividends, respectively. 
  In addition, the Company s Chairman, Wesley Edens, is also the Co-Chairman of the board of directors of Fortress. The Company does not pay Mr. Edens a salary or any other form of compensation. 
  The Company s Chief Operating Officer owns an interest in a company, from which the Company recognized revenue of   $156  ,   $124  ,   $444  , and   $356   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively, which is included in commercial printing and other on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
  The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are employees of Fortress, and their salaries are paid by Fortress. 
  Management Agreement 
  On November 26, 2013, the Company entered into a management agreement with the Manager (as amended and restated, the  Management Agreement ). The Management Agreement requires the Manager to manage the Company s business affairs subject to the supervision of the Company s Board of Directors. On March 6, 2015, the Company s independent directors on the Board approved an amendment to the Management Agreement. 
  The Management Agreement has an initial three-year term and will be automatically renewed for one-year terms thereafter unless terminated either by the Company or the Manager. From the commencement date of the Company s Common Stock trading on the  regular way  market on a major U.S. national securities exchange (the  Listing ), the Manager is (a) entitled to receive from the Company a management fee, (b) eligible to receive incentive compensation that is based on the Company s performance and (c) eligible to receive options to purchase New Media Common Stock upon the successful completion of an offering of shares of the Company s Common Stock or any shares of preferred stock with an exercise price equal to the price per share paid by the public or other ultimate purchaser in the offering, see Note 9. In addition, the Company is obligated to reimburse certain expenses incurred by the Manager. The Manager is also entitled to receive a termination fee from the Company under certain circumstances. 
  The Company recognized   $2,390  ,   $2,390  ,   $7,169  , and   $7,049   for management fees and   $1,295  ,   $3,486  ,   $5,001  , and   $8,750   for incentive compensation within selling, general and administrative expense during the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively.  The Company paid to FIG LLC   $3,187  ,   $1,592  ,   $6,372  , and   $5,122   in management fees and   $817  ,   $0  ,   $21,755  , and   $379   in incentive compensation during the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively. In addition, the Company recognized expense reimbursement amounts of approximately   $300  ,   $0  ,   $1,323  , and   $0   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively.  The Company had an outstanding liability for all management agreement related fees of   $7,315   and   $23,393   at   September 25, 2016   and   December 27, 2015  , respectively, included in accrued expenses. 
  Registration Rights Agreement with Omega 
  The Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Omega Registration Rights Agreement ) with Omega Advisors, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively,  Omega ). Under the terms of the Omega Registration Rights Agreement, upon request by Omega the Company is required to use commercially reasonable efforts to file a resale shelf registration statement providing for the registration and sale on a continuous or delayed basis by Omega of its New Media Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan (the  Registrable Securities ) (the  Shelf Registration ), subject to customary exceptions and limitations.  
  
   22 

Omega is entitled to initiate up to three offerings or sales with respect to some or all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Shelf Registration. 
  Omega may only exercise its right to request Shelf Registrations if Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Shelf Registration are at least   3%   of the then-outstanding New Media Common Stock. 
   
  (8) Income Taxes 
  The Company performs a quarterly assessment of its deferred tax assets and liabilities. ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ) limits the ability to use future taxable income to support the realization of deferred tax assets when a company has experienced a history of losses even if future taxable income is supported by detailed forecasts and projections. 
  In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. The Company concluded that during the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016  , a net decrease to the valuation allowance of   $9,509   was available to offset deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities as noted further below. The   $9,509   decrease to the valuation allowance was recognized through the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
  The realization of the remaining deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on the scheduled reversals of deferred taxes. Any changes in the scheduled reversals of deferred taxes may require an additional valuation allowance against the remaining deferred tax assets. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance could result in an increase or decrease in income tax expense in the period of adjustment. 
  The computation of the annual expected effective tax rate at each interim period requires certain estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, the expected operating income (loss) for the year, projections of the proportion of income (or loss), permanent and temporary differences, including the likelihood of recovering deferred tax assets generated in the current year. The accounting estimates used to compute the provision for income taxes may change as new events occur, more experience is acquired, or as additional information is obtained. To the extent that the estimated annual effective tax rate changes during a quarter, the effect of the change on prior quarters is included in tax expense for the current quarter. 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016  , the expected federal tax at   34%   is   $4,233  . The difference between the expected tax and the effective tax benefit of   $4,695   is primarily attributable to the tax effect of the valuation allowance release of   $9,509  , the tax effect related to non-deductible expenses of   $259  , state taxes of   $403  , and release of unrecognized tax benefits of   $81  . 
  The Company recorded an income tax benefit of   $5,119   and   $991   during the three months ended March 27, 2016 and June 26, 2016, respectively, related to its acquisition of certain legal entities acquired during those quarters. In accordance with ASC 805, the Company released a portion of its valuation allowance, since it is able to utilize deferred tax assets against the deferred tax liabilities reflected in purchase accounting for the acquired entities. 
  The Company and its subsidiaries file a U.S. federal consolidated income tax return. The U.S. federal and state statute of limitations generally remains open for the 2013 tax year and beyond. The Company s 2013 short tax year Federal returns are under examination by the Internal Revenue Service. We do not anticipate any material adjustments related to this examination. 
  
   23 

(9) Earnings Per Share 
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share ( EPS ): 

For the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016  , the Company excluded   1,362,479   and   1,362,479   common stock warrants and   700,000   and   700,000   stock options, respectively, from the computation of diluted income per share because their effect would have been antidilutive. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  , the Company excluded   1,362,479   and   1,362,479   common stock warrants,   244,848   and   0   restricted share grants and   700,000   and   0   stock options, respectively, from the computation of diluted income per share because their effect would have been antidilutive. 
  Equity 
  In January 2015, the Company issued   7,000,000   shares of its common stock in a public offering at a price to the public of   $21.70   per share for net proceeds of approximately   $150,129  . Certain principals of Fortress and certain of the Company s officers and directors participated in this offering and purchased an aggregate of   104,400   shares at a price of   $21.70   per share. For the purpose of compensating the Manager for its successful efforts in raising capital for the Company, in connection with this offering, the Company granted options to the Manager to purchase   700,000   shares of the Company s common stock at a price of   $21.70  , which had an aggregate fair value of approximately   $4,144   as of the grant date. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: a   2.0%   risk-free rate, a   3.4%   dividend yield,   36.8%   volatility and a   10   year term. 
  In March 2015, the Company issued   9,735   shares of its common stock to its Non-Officer Directors to settle a liability of   $225   for 2014 services. 
  In March 2016, the Company issued   13,992   shares of its common stock to its Non-Officer Directors to settle a liability of   $225   for 2015 services. 
  Dividends 
  On April 30, 2015, the Company announced a first quarter 2015 cash dividend of   $0.33   per share of Common Stock, par value   $0.01   per share, of New Media. The dividend was paid on   May 21, 2015  , to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   May 13, 2015  . 
  On July 30, 2015, the Company announced a second quarter 2015 cash dividend of   $0.33   per share of Common Stock, par value   $0.01   per share, of New Media. The dividend was paid on   August 20, 2015  , to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   August 12, 2015  . 
  On October 29, 2015, the Company announced a third quarter 2015 cash dividend of   $0.33   per share of Common Stock, par value   $0.01   per share, of New Media. The dividend was paid on   November 19, 2015  , to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   November 12, 2015  . 
  On February 25, 2016, the Company announced a fourth quarter 2015 cash dividend of   $0.33   per share Common Stock, par value   $0.01   per share, of New Media.  The dividend was paid on   March 17, 2016  , to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   March 9, 2016  . 
  
   24 

On April 28, 2016, the Company announced a first quarter 2016 cash dividend of   $0.33   per share of Common Stock, par value   $0.01   per share, of New Media. The dividend was paid on   May 19, 2016  , to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   May 11, 2016  . 
  On July 28, 2016, the Company announced a second quarter 2016 cash dividend of   $0.33   per share of Common Stock, par value   $0.01   per share, of New Media. The dividend was paid on   August 18, 2016  , to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   August 10, 2016  . 
   
  (10) Pension and Postretirement Benefits 
  As a result of the Enterprise News Media LLC, Copley Press, Inc., and Times Publishing Company acquisitions, the Company maintains   two   pension plans and several postretirement medical and life insurance plans which cover certain employees. The Company uses the accrued benefit actuarial method and best estimate assumptions to determine pension costs, liabilities and other pension information for defined benefit plans. 
  The Enterprise News Media, LLC pension plan was amended to freeze all future benefit accruals as of December 31, 2008, except for a select group of union employees whose benefits were frozen during 2009. Also, during 2008, the medical and life insurance benefits were frozen, and the plan was amended to limit future benefits to a select group of active employees under the Enterprise News Media, LLC postretirement medical and life insurance plan.  The Times Publishing pension plan was frozen prior to the acquisition date. 
  The following provides information on the pension plans and postretirement medical and life insurance plans for the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  : 

For the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , the Company recognized a total of   $(76)  ,   $37  ,   $(235)  , and   $110   in pension and postretirement (benefit) expense, respectively.  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016  , the Company contributed   $640   and   $1,283   to the pension plans, respectively.  The Company is expected to pay an additional   $339   in employer contributions to the pension plans during the fourth quarter of the current fiscal year. 
   
  (11) Fair Value Measurement 
  The Company measures and records in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. ASC Topic 820  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  establishes a fair value hierarchy for those instruments measured at fair value that distinguishes between assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and the Company s own assumptions (unobservable inputs). These inputs are prioritized as follows: 

Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
                
    Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or market corroborated inputs; and 
                
    Level 3: Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data and which require the Company to develop their own assumptions about how market participants price the asset or liability. 
     
   25 

The valuation techniques that may be used to measure fair value are as follows: 

Market approach   Uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities; 
                
    Income approach   Uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present amount based on current market expectation about those future amounts; 
                
    Cost approach   Based on the amount that currently would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost). 
     The following table provides information for the Company s major categories of financial assets and liabilities measured or disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). 
  For the acquisitions during the quarters ended March 29, 2015, June 28, 2015, September 27, 2015, March 27, 2016, June 28, 2016, and September 25, 2016, the Company consolidated the assets and liabilities under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their fair value. Property, plant and equipment was valued using Level 2 inputs and intangible assets were valued using Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 2 for discussion of the valuation techniques, significant inputs, assumptions utilized, and the fair value recognized. 
  Refer to Note 6 for the discussion on the fair value of the Company s total long-term debt. 
   
  (12) Commitments and Contingencies 
  The Company is and may become involved from time to time in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business, including but not limited to with respect to such matters as libel, invasion of privacy, intellectual property infringement, wrongful termination actions and complaints alleging employment discrimination, and regulatory investigations and inquiries. In addition, the Company is involved from time to time in governmental and administrative proceedings concerning employment, labor, environmental and other claims. Insurance coverage mitigates potential loss for certain of these matters. Historically, such claims and proceedings have not had a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations or financial position. Although the Company is unable to predict with certainty the eventual outcome of any litigation, regulatory investigation or inquiry, in the opinion of management, the Company does not expect its current and any threatened legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position or consolidated results of operations.  Given the inherent unpredictability of these types of proceedings, however, it is possible that future adverse outcomes could have a material effect on the Company s financial results. 
  Restricted cash at   September 25, 2016   and   December 27, 2015  , in the aggregate amount of   $3,706   and   $6,967  , respectively, is used to collateralize standby letters of credit in the name of the Company s insurers in accordance with certain insurance policies and as cash collateral for certain business operations. 
  
   26 

(13) Subsequent Events 
  Dividends 
  On October 27, 2016, the Company announced a   third   quarter   2016   cash dividend of   $0.35   per share of Common Stock, par value   $0.01   per share, of New Media. The dividend will be paid on   November 17, 2016  , to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   November 9, 2016  . 
  Acquisitions 
  On September 30, 2016, the Company purchased substantially all of the assets of   two   companies for an aggregate purchase price of   $8,500  , plus working capital and assumed liabilities.   

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of New Media Investment Group Inc. and its subsidiaries ( New Media ,  Company ,  we ,  us  or  our ). The following should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein, and with Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors.  
  Overview 
  New Media, formerly known as GateHouse Media, Inc. ( GateHouse ), is a company that owns, operates and invests in high quality local media assets. We have a particular focus on owning and acquiring strong local media assets in small to mid-size markets. With our collection of assets, we focus on two large business categories; consumers and small to medium size businesses ( SMBs ). 
  Our portfolio of media assets today spans across 527 markets and 36 states. Our products include 614 publications, 527 websites, 78 mobile sites and six yellow page directories. We reach over 20 million people per week and serve over 200,000 business customers. 
  We are focused on growing our consumer revenues primarily through our penetration into the local consumer market that values comprehensive local news and receives their news primarily from our products. We believe our rich local content, our strong media brands, and multiple platforms for delivering content will impact our reach into the local consumers leading to growth in subscription income. We also believe our focus on smaller markets will allow us to be a dominant provider of valuable, unique local news to consumers in those markets. We believe that one result of our local consumer penetration in these smaller markets will be transaction revenues as we link consumers with local businesses. For our SMB business category, we focus on leveraging our strong local media brands, our in-market sales force and our high consumer penetration rates with a variety of products and services that we believe will help SMBs expand their marketing, advertising and other digital lead generation platforms. We also believe our strong position in our local markets will allow us to develop other products that will be of value to our SMBs in helping them run and grow their businesses. 
  Our business strategy is to be the preeminent provider of local news, information, advertising and digital services in the markets we operate in today. We aim to grow our business organically through both our consumer and SMB strategies. We also plan to pursue strategic acquisitions of high quality local media and digital marketing assets at attractive valuation levels. Finally, we intend to distribute a substantial portion of our free cash flow generated from operations or other sources as a dividend to stockholders through a quarterly dividend, subject to satisfactory financial performance and approval by our board of directors (the  Board of Directors ) and dividend restrictions in the New Media Credit Agreement (as defined below). The Board of Directors  determinations regarding dividends will depend on a variety of factors, including the Company s U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) net income, free cash flow generated from operations or other sources, liquidity position and potential alternative uses of cash, such as acquisitions, as well as economic conditions and expected future financial results. 
  Our focus on owning and operating dominant local content oriented media properties in small to mid-size markets, we believe, puts us in a position to better execute on our strategy. We believe that being the leading provider of local news and information in the markets in which we operate and distributing that content across multiple print and digital platforms, gives us an opportunity to grow our audiences and reach. Further, we believe our strong local media brands and our market presence gives us the opportunity to expand our advertising and lead generation products with local business customers. 
  
   27 

Central to our business strategy are our digital marketing services products called Propel Marketing ( Propel ). We launched the products in 2012 and have seen rapid growth since then.  We believe Propel and our digital marketing service products, combined with our strong local brands and in-market sales force, position this business to be a key component to our overall organic growth strategy. 
  The opportunity Propel aims to seize upon is as follows: 
  There are approximately 27.9 million SMBs in the U.S. according to the 2011 U.S. Census data.  Of these, approximately 26.7 million have 20 employees or less. 
  Many of the owners and managers of these SMBs do not have the bandwidth, expertise or resources to navigate the fast evolving digital marketing sector, but they increasingly know they have to be present there to stay connected with current and future customers. 
  Propel is designed to offer a complete set of digital marketing services to SMBs that are turn-key with results that are transparent to the business owners.  In a recent acquisition we acquired a turn-key proprietary software that enables SMB owners to run their own digital and contact marketing campaigns; Propel can now meet the needs of the full spectrum of SMBs.  Propel provides four broad categories of services: building businesses a presence, helping businesses to be located by consumers online, engaging with consumers, and growing their customer base. 
  We believe our local media properties and local sales infrastructure are uniquely positioned to sell these digital marketing services to local business owners and give us distinct advantages, including: 
             
    our strong and trusted local brands, with 85% of our daily newspapers having been publishing local content for more than 100 years; 
                
    our ability to market through our print and online properties, driving branding and traffic; and 
                
    our more than 1,300 local, direct, in-market sales professionals with long standing relationships with small businesses in the communities we serve. 
     Our core products include: 

121 daily newspapers with total paid circulation of approximately 1.4 million; 
                
    309 weekly newspapers (published up to three times per week) with total paid circulation of approximately 328,000 and total free circulation of approximately 1.9 million; 
                
    117  shoppers  (generally advertising-only publications) with total circulation of approximately 2.8 million; 
                
    527 locally focused websites and 78 mobile sites, which extend our businesses onto the internet and mobile devices with approximately 227 million page views per month; 
                 
    67 business publications; and 
                
    Propel digital marketing services. 
     In addition to our core products, we also opportunistically produce niche publications that address specific local market interests such as recreation, sports, healthcare and real estate. Similarly, GateHouse Live, our event production business, specializes in delivering world-class events for the media industry and the communities they serve. 
  Our advertising revenue tends to follow a seasonal pattern, with higher advertising revenue in months containing significant events or holidays. Accordingly, our first quarter and our third quarter, historically, are our weakest quarters of the year in terms of revenue. Correspondingly, our second and fourth fiscal quarters, historically, are our strongest quarters. We expect that this seasonality will continue to affect our advertising revenue in future periods. 
  We have experienced ongoing declines in same store print advertising revenue streams and increased volatility of operating performance, despite our geographic diversity, well-balanced portfolio of products, broad customer base and reliance on smaller markets. We may experience additional declines and volatility in the future. These declines in print advertising revenue have come with the shift from traditional media to the internet for consumers and businesses. We believe our local  
  
   28 

advertising tends to be less sensitive to economic cycles than national advertising because local businesses generally have fewer advertising channels through which to reach their target audience. We are making investments in digital platforms, such as Propel, as well as online, and mobile applications, to support our print publications in order to capture this shift as witnessed by our digital advertising revenue growth, which doubled between 2013 and 2015. 
  Our operating costs consist primarily of labor, newsprint and delivery costs. Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of labor costs. 
  Compensation represents just under 50% of our operating expenses. Over the last few years, we have worked to drive efficiencies and centralization of work throughout our Company. Additionally, we have taken steps to cluster our operations thereby increasing the usage of facilities and equipment while increasing the productivity of our labor force. We expect to continue to employ these steps as part of our business and clustering strategy. 
  The Company s operating segments (Eastern US Publishing, Central US Publishing, Western US Publishing, and BridgeTower) are aggregated into one reportable business segment. 
  Acquisitions 
    
  On December 31, 2015, January 12, 2016, March 18, 2016, April 22, 2016, April 29, 2016, June 29, 2016 and August 1, 2016, we acquired substantially all the assets, properties and business of certain publications/businesses, which included 67 niche publications, two     daily newspapers, five weekly publications, four shoppers, and digital platforms for an aggregate purchase price of $107.2 million, including estimated working capital.      
  On June 15, 2015 and September 23, 2015, we acquired substantially all the assets, properties and business of publishing/operating certain newspapers for an aggregate purchase price of $52.0 million, including estimated working capital.  The acquisitions included two     daily newspapers, twenty-eight weekly publications and two shoppers serving Central Ohio and Southern Michigan.  
  During the quarter ended March 29, 2015, we completed the acquisition of Halifax Media Group with a total purchase price, including working capital, of $285.4 million. The acquisition included twenty-four daily publications, thirteen weekly publications and five shoppers serving areas of Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Massachusetts, North Carolina and South Carolina with a daily circulation of approximately 635,000 and 752,000 on Sunday. We also completed the acquisition of Stephens Media, LLC ( Stephens Media ) with a total purchase price, including working capital, of $110.8 million. Stephens Media included nine daily newspapers, thirty-five weekly publications and fifteen shoppers serving communities throughout the United States with a combined average daily circulation of approximately 221,000 and 244,000 on Sunday. 
  Dispositions 
  On December 10, 2015, we completed the sale of the   Las Vegas Review-Journal   and related publications ( Review-Journal ) (initially acquired in the Stephens Media acquisition), which are located in Las Vegas, Nevada for an aggregate sale price of $140.0 million plus working capital adjustment of $1.0 million.  As a result, a gain of $57.0 million was included in (gain) loss on sale or disposal of assets on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income during the year ended December 27, 2015. 
  Restructuring 
  New Media was formed as a Delaware corporation on June 18, 2013. New Media was capitalized by and issued 1,000 common shares to Newcastle Investment Corp. ( Newcastle ). New Media had no operations until November 26, 2013, when it assumed control of GateHouse Media, Inc. ( GateHouse ) and Local Media Group Holdings LLC.  Gatehouse was determined to be the predecessor to New Media, as the operations of GateHouse comprises substantially all of the business operations of the combined companies.  Newcastle owned approximately 84.6% of New Media until February 13, 2014, upon which date Newcastle distributed the shares that it held in New Media to its shareholders on a pro rata basis. 
  Management Agreement 
  On November 26, 2013, New Media entered into a management agreement (as amended and restated, the  Management Agreement ) with FIG LLC (the  Manager ),  pursuant to which the Manager manages the operations of New Media. Commencing from the Listing, New Media pays the Manager a management fee equal to 1.5% of New Media s Total Equity (as defined in the Management Agreement) and the Manager is eligible to receive incentive compensation. 
  
   29 

Industry 
  The newspaper industry and the Company have experienced declining revenue and profitability over the past several years. As a result, the Company has implemented, and continues to implement, plans to reduce costs and preserve cash flow. This includes cost reduction programs and the sale of non-core assets. The Company believes these initiatives along with cash provided by operating activities will provide it with the financial resources necessary to invest in the business and provide sufficient cash flow to enable the Company to meet its commitments. 
  General economic conditions, including declines in consumer confidence, high unemployment levels, declines in real estate values, and other trends, have also historically impacted the markets in which we operate. Additionally, media companies continue to be impacted by the migration of consumers and businesses to an internet and mobile-based, digital medium. These conditions may continue to negatively impact print advertising and other revenue sources as well as increase operating costs in the future. We expect that we will have adequate capital resources and liquidity to meet our working capital needs, borrowing obligations and all required capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. 
  We periodically perform testing for impairment of goodwill and newspaper mastheads in which the fair value of our reporting units for goodwill impairment testing and individual newspaper mastheads were estimated using the expected present value of future cash flows and recent industry transaction multiples, using estimates, judgments and assumptions, that we believe were appropriate in the circumstances. Should general economic, market or business conditions decline, and have a negative impact on estimates of future cash flow and market transaction multiples, we may be required to record additional impairment charges in the future. 
  Critical Accounting Policy Disclosure 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make decisions based on estimates, assumptions and factors it considers relevant to the circumstances. Such decisions include the selection of applicable principles and the use of judgment in their application, the results of which could differ from those anticipated. 
  A summary of our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 27, 2015  , included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  There have been no changes in critical accounting policies in the current year from those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 27, 2015  . 
  
   30 

Results of Operations 
  The following table summarizes our historical results of operations for New Media for the   three and nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  . References to  same store  results take into account material acquisitions and divestitures of the company by adjusting prior year performance to include or exclude financial results as if the company had owned or divested a business for the comparable period. The results of several acquisitions ( tuck-in acquisitions ) were funded from the Company's available cash and are not considered material. 
  NEW MEDIA INVESTMENT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Three Months Ended   September 25, 2016   Compared To Three Months Ended   September 27, 2015    
  Revenue  . Total revenue for the three months ended   September 25, 2016   decreased by $5.2 million, or 1.7%, to $306.8 million from $312.0 million for the three months ended   September 27, 2015  . The decrease in total revenue was comprised of a $14.3 million, or 8.0%, decrease in advertising revenue, which was partially offset by a $4.3 million, or 4.2%, increase in circulation revenue, and a $4.8 million, or 14.7%, increase in commercial printing and other revenue. The decrease in revenue reflects the loss of revenue as a result of the Review Journal divestiture, which was partially offset by revenues from our Dolan, LLC and Times Publishing Company acquisitions for a net decrease of $1.7 million.  This net decrease of $1.7 million is comprised of $1.2 million from advertising and $0.8 million from commercial printing, which was partially offset by an increase in circulation of $0.3 million. 
  Same store revenue for the three months ended   September 25, 2016   decreased by $4.1 million, or 1.3%, from the three months ended   September 27, 2015  . The decrease in same store revenue was comprised of a $13.6 million, or 7.6%, decrease in same store advertising revenue which was partially offset by a $3.8 million, or 3.8%, increase in same store circulation revenue and a $5.7 million, or 17.8%, increase in same store commercial printing and other revenue. Same store advertising revenue declines were primarily driven by declines on the print side of our business in the local retail, classified, and preprint categories due to secular pressures and a continuing uncertain economic environment. These secular trends and economic conditions have also led to a decline in our print circulation volumes, which have been more than offset by price increases in select locations.  The majority of the increase in same store commercial printing and other revenue is due to digital marketing services and events revenue. 
  
   31 

Operating Costs.   Operating costs for the three months ended   September 25, 2016   decreased by $2.8 million, or 1.6%, to $173.0 million from $175.8 million for the three months ended   September 27, 2015  . Operating costs include costs from acquisitions and are partially offset by a decrease in expenses resulting from the Review-Journal divestiture for a net increase of $4.6 million.  This net increase was partially offset by a $7.4 million decrease in the costs related to the remaining operations. This decline in operating costs related to the remaining operations was primarily due to a decrease in compensation, hauling and delivery, newsprint and ink, postage, and building maintenance expenses of $3.1 million, $1.5 million, $1.3 million, $0.6 million, and $0.3 million, respectively. 
  Selling, General and Administrative.   Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended   September 25, 2016   increased by $0.2 million, or 0.2%, to $100.1 million from $99.9 million for the three months ended   September 27, 2015  . The increase includes selling, general and administrative expenses from acquisitions and is partially offset by the decrease in expenses resulting from the Review-Journal divestiture for a net increase of $4.4 million.  This net increase of $4.4 million was partially offset by a $4.2 million decrease in the costs related to the remaining operations. This decline in selling, general and administrative expenses related to the remaining operations was primarily due to a decrease in outside services, compensation, travel and entertainment, building maintenance, postage, and supply expenses of $1.6 million, $0.6 million, $0.4 million, $0.3 million, $0.3 million, and $0.1 million, respectively.  
  Integration and Reorganization Costs.   During the three months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , we recorded integration and reorganization costs of $5.2 million and $1.6 million, respectively, primarily resulting from severance costs related to acquisition-related synergies and the continued consolidation of our operations resulting from ongoing implementation of our plans to reduce costs and preserve cash flow, including a voluntary severance offer in September 2016. 
  Income Tax (Benefit) Expense.    During the three months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , we recorded an income tax expense of $0.5 million and $0.7 million, respectively. The decrease in income tax expense is primarily due to the reduced level of income earned during the three months ended September 25, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 27, 2015.   
  Net Income.   Net income for the three months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   was $2.8 million and $6.1 million, respectively. Our net income decreased due to the factors noted above. 
  Nine   Months Ended   September 25, 2016   Compared To   Nine   Months Ended   September 27, 2015    
  Revenue  . Total revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   increased by $59.6 million, or 6.9%, to $921.8 million from $862.2 million for the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  . The increase in total revenue was comprised of a $2.4 million, or 0.5%, increase in advertising revenue, a $39.4 million, or 14.4%, increase in circulation revenue, and a $17.8 million, or 20.1%, increase in commercial printing and other revenue. The increase in revenue of $59.6 million includes revenues from our Dolan, LLC, Times Publishing Company, Columbus Dispatch, Stephens Media (excluding the Review-Journal, which was subsequently divested) and Halifax Media Group acquisitions of $81.5 million, which is comprised of $43.1 million from advertising, $31.2 million from circulation and $7.2 million from commercial printing and other. 
  Same store revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   decreased by $30.6 million, or 3.2%, from the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  . The decrease in same store revenue was comprised of a $48.1 million, or 8.7%, decrease in same store advertising revenue, which was partially offset by a $7.3 million, or 2.4%, increase in same store circulation revenue and a $10.2 million, or 10.6%, increase in same store commercial printing and other revenue. Same store advertising revenue declines were primarily driven by declines on the print side of our business in the local retail and preprint categories due to secular pressures and a continuing uncertain economic environment. These secular trends and economic conditions have also led to a decline in our print circulation volumes, which have been more than offset by price increases in select locations.  The majority of the increase in same store commercial printing and other revenue is due to digital marketing services and events revenue. 
  Operating Costs.   Operating costs for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   increased by $43.2 million, or 9.0%, to $520.0 million from $476.8 million for the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  . Operating costs includes costs from all acquisitions (excluding the Review-Journal, which was subsequently divested) of $56.2 million, which were partially offset by a $13.0 million decrease in the costs related to the remaining operations. This decline in operating costs related to the remaining operations was primarily due to a decrease in newsprint and ink, compensation, hauling and delivery, and postage expenses of $6.7 million, $2.4 million, $3.5 million, and $1.2 million, respectively. 
  
   32 

Selling, General and Administrative.   Selling, general and administrative expenses for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   increased by $17.5 million, or 6.1%, to $306.2 million from $288.7 million for the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  . The increase of $17.5 million includes selling, general and administrative expenses from all acquisitions (excluding the Review-Journal, which was subsequently divested) of $31.3 million, which were partially offset by a $13.8 million decrease in the costs related to the remaining operations. This decline in selling, general and administrative expenses related to the remaining operations was primarily due to a decrease in compensation, outside services, and building maintenance expenses of $8.1 million, $4.5 million, and $0.7 million, respectively.  
  Integration and Reorganization Costs.   During the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , we recorded integration and reorganization costs of $7.5 million and $5.2 million, respectively, primarily resulting from severance costs related to acquisition-related synergies and the continued consolidation of our operations resulting from ongoing implementation of our plans to reduce costs and preserve cash flow, including a voluntary severance offer in September 2016. 
  Interest Expense.   Interest expense for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   decreased by $2.1 million to $22.3 million from $24.4 million for the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  . The decrease in interest expense was primarily due to the write-off of deferred financing costs related to the 2015 Incremental Revolver (as defined below) and a decrease in our total outstanding debt. 
  Income Tax (Benefit) Expense.    During the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , we recorded an income tax benefit of $4.7 million and an income tax expense of $1.1 million, respectively. The increase in income tax benefit is primarily due to the discrete income tax benefit recognized during the nine months ended September 25, 2016, attributable to the release of a portion of the valuation allowance as deferred tax assets were utilized to offset deferred tax liabilities of two acquired entities. 
  Net Income.   Net income for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   was $17.1 million and $11.2 million, respectively. Our net income increased due to the factors noted above. 
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our primary cash requirements are for working capital, debt obligations and capital expenditures. We have no material outstanding commitments for capital expenditures. We expect our 2016 capital expenditure to total between $10 million and $12 million. The 2016 capital expenditures will be primarily comprised of projects related to the consolidation of print operations and system upgrades. For more information on our long term debt and debt service obligations, see Note 6 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements,  Indebtedness . Our principal sources of funds have historically been, and are expected to continue to be, cash provided by operating activities. 
  As a holding company, we have no operations of our own and accordingly we have no independent means of generating revenue, and our internal sources of funds to meet our cash needs, including payment of expenses, are dividends and other permitted payments from our subsidiaries. 
  We expect to fund our operations through cash provided by our subsidiaries  operating activities, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of additional equity securities. We expect that we will have adequate capital resources and liquidity to meet our working capital needs, borrowing obligations and all required capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. 
  Our leverage may adversely affect our business and financial performance and restricts our operating flexibility. The level of our indebtedness and our on-going cash flow requirements may expose us to a risk that a substantial decrease in operating cash flows due to, among other things, continued or additional adverse economic developments or adverse developments in our business, could make it difficult for us to meet the financial and operating covenants contained in our credit facilities. In addition, our leverage may limit cash flow available for general corporate purposes such as capital expenditures and our flexibility to react to competitive, technological and other changes in our industry and economic conditions generally. 
  Dividends 
  On October 27, 2016, the Company announced a third quarter 2016 cash dividend of $0.35 per share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of New Media. The dividend will be paid on November 17, 2016, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 9, 2016. 
  
   33 

On July 28, 2016, the Company announced a second quarter 2016 cash dividend of $0.33 per share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of New Media. The dividend was paid on August 18, 2016, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 10, 2016. 
  On April 28, 2016, the Company announced a first quarter 2016 cash dividend of $0.33 per share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of New Media. The dividend was paid on May 19, 2016, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 11, 2016. 
  On February 25, 2016, the Company announced a fourth quarter 2015 cash dividend of $0.33 per share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of New Media.  The dividend was paid on March 17, 2016, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 9, 2016. 
  On October 29, 2015, the Company announced a third quarter 2015 cash dividend of $0.33 per share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of New Media. The dividend was paid on November 19, 2015, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 12, 2015. 
  On July 30, 2015, the Company announced a second quarter 2015 cash dividend of $0.33 per share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of New Media. The dividend was paid on August 20, 2015, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 12, 2015. 
  On April 30, 2015, the Company announced a first quarter 2015 cash dividend of $0.33 per share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of New Media. The dividend was paid on May 21, 2015, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 13, 2015. 
  New Media Credit Agreement 
  On June 4, 2014, New Media Holdings II LLC (the  New Media Borrower ), a wholly owned subsidiary of New Media, entered into a credit agreement (the  New Media Credit Agreement ) among the New Media Borrower, New Media Holdings I LLC ( Holdings I ), the lenders party thereto, RBS Citizens, N.A. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch as syndication agent and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania as administration agent which provides for (i) a $200 million senior secured term facility (the  Term Loan Facility  and any loan thereunder, including as part of the Incremental Facility,  Term Loans ) and (ii) a $25 million senior secured revolving credit facility, with a $5 million sub-facility for letters of credit and a $5 million sub-facility for swing loans, (the  Revolving Credit Facility  and together with the Term Loan Facility, the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). In addition, the New Media Borrower may request one or more new commitments for term loans or revolving loans from time to time up to an aggregate total of $75 million (the  Incremental Facility ) subject to certain conditions. On June 4, 2014, the New Media Borrower borrowed $200 million under the Term Loan Facility (the  Initial Term Loans ). As of June 26, 2016, $0 was drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility.  The Term Loans mature on June 4, 2020 and the maturity date for the Revolving Credit Facility is June 4, 2019. The New Media Credit Agreement was amended; 
     on September 3, 2014, to provide for additional term loans under the Incremental Facility in an aggregate principal amount of $25 million (the  2014 Incremental Term Loan  
     on November 20, 2014, to increase the amount of the Incremental Facility that may be requested after the date of the amendment from $75 million to $225 million;  
     on January 9, 2015, to provide for $102 million in additional term loans (the  2015 Incremental Term Loan ) and $50 million in additional revolving commitments (the  2015 Incremental Revolver ) under the Incremental Facility and to make certain amendments to the Revolving Credit Facility in connection with the Halifax Media acquisition;  
     on February 13, 2015, to provide for the replacement of the existing term loans under the Term Loan Facility (including the 2014 Incremental Term Loan and the 2015 Incremental Term Loan) with a new class of replacement term loans. This amendment was considered a modification, and the related $0.1 million of fees were expensed during the first quarter of 2015;  
     on March 6, 2015, to provide for $15 million in additional revolving commitments under the Incremental Facility and in connection with this transaction, the Company incurred approximately $0.2 million of fees and expenses which were capitalized as deferred financing costs; and 
     on May 29, 2015, to provide for $25 million in additional term loans under the Incremental Facility.  
  
   34 

The New Media Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative covenants and negative covenants applicable to Holdings I, the New Media Borrower and the New Media Borrower s subsidiaries, including, among other things, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, fundamental changes, dispositions, and dividends and other distributions, and events of default. The New Media Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant that requires Holdings I, the New Media Borrower and the New Media Borrower s subsidiaries to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio of 3.25 to 1.00.  
  As of   September 25, 2016  , we are in compliance with all of the covenants and obligations under the New Media Credit Agreement. 
  Refer to Note 6 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements,  Indebtedness,  and to  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015, for further discussion of the New Media Credit Agreement. 
  Advantage Credit Agreements 
  In connection with the purchase of the assets of Halifax Media, which closed on January 9, 2015, certain subsidiaries of the Company (the  Advantage Borrowers ) agreed to assume all of the obligations of Halifax Media and its affiliates in respect of each of (i) that certain Consolidated Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 6, 2012 among Halifax Media Acquisition LLC, Advantage Capital Community Development Fund XXVIII, L.L.C., and Florida Community Development Fund II, L.L.C. (as amended, the  Halifax Florida Credit Agreement ) and (ii) that certain Credit Agreement dated June 18, 2013 between Halifax Alabama, LLC and Southeast Community Development Fund V, L.L.C. (the  Halifax Alabama Credit Agreement  and, together with the Halifax Florida Credit Agreement, the  Advantage Credit Agreements ), respectively (the debt under the Halifax Florida Credit Agreement, the  Advantage Florida Debt  the debt under the Halifax Alabama Credit Agreement, the  Advantage Alabama Debt  and the Advantage Florida Debt and the Advantage Alabama Debt, collectively, the  Advantage Debt ). 
  The Halifax Florida Credit Agreement is in the principal amount of $10 million and bears interest at the rate of 5.25% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, maturing on December 31, 2016. The Halifax Alabama Credit Agreement is in the principal amount of $8 million and bears interest at the rate of LIBOR plus 6.25% per annum (with a minimum of 1% LIBOR) payable quarterly in arrears, maturing on March 31, 2019. The Advantage Debt is secured by a perfected second priority security interest in all the assets of the Advantage Borrowers and certain other subsidiaries of the Company, subject to the limitation that the maximum amount of secured obligations is $15 million. The Advantage Credit Facilities are unconditionally guaranteed by Holdings I and certain subsidiaries of the New Media Borrowers and are required to be guaranteed by all future material wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. The Advantage Debt is subordinated to the New Media Credit Facilities pursuant to an intercreditor agreement. 
  The Advantage Credit Agreements contain covenants substantially consistent with those contained in the New Media Credit Facilities in addition to those required for compliance with the New Markets Tax Credit program. The Advantage Borrowers are permitted to make voluntary prepayments at any time without premium or penalty and are subject to customary mandatory prepayment events including from proceeds from asset sales and certain debt obligations. 
  The Advantage Credit Agreements contain customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants applicable to the Advantage Borrowers and certain of the Company subsidiaries, including, among other things, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, fundamental changes, dispositions, and dividends and other distributions. The Advantage Credit Agreements contain a financial covenant that requires Holdings I, the New Media Borrower and the New Media Borrower s subsidiaries to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio of 3.75 to 1.00. The Advantage Credit Agreements contain customary events of default. 
  As of   September 25, 2016  , we are in compliance with all of the covenants and obligations under the Advantage Credit Agreements. 
  Refer to Note 6 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements,  Indebtedness,  and to  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015, for further discussion of the Advantage Credit Agreements. 
  Cash Flows 
  
   35 

The following table summarizes our historical cash flows. 

The discussion of our cash flows that follows is based on our historical cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  . 
  Cash Flows from Operating Activities.   Net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   was   $67.3 million  , a decrease of   $37.5 million   when compared to   $104.8 million   of cash provided by operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  . This   $37.5 million   decrease was the result of a decrease in cash provided by working capital of $36.7 million and a decrease in adjustments for non-cash charges of $6.7 million, which was partially offset by an increase in net income of $5.9 million. 
  The $36.7 million decrease in cash provided by working capital for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   when compared to the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  , is primarily attributable to a decrease in accrued expenses.  The decrease was partially offset by an increase in accounts payable and a decrease in accounts receivable. 
  The $6.7 million decrease in adjustments to net income for non-cash charges when compared to the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  , primarily consisted of a $5.9 million decrease in non-cash deferred income tax benefit, a $1.4 million decrease in depreciation and amortization, and a $0.7 million decrease in pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, which was partially offset by an increase in non-cash compensation expense of $0.9 million and an increase in non-cash interest of $0.5 million. 
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities.   Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   was   $112.2 million  . During the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016  , we used $107.7 million, net of cash acquired, for acquisitions and $7.7 million for capital expenditures, which was partially offset by $3.2 million we received from the sale of publications and other assets. 
  Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015   was   $435.1 million  . During the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  , we used $430.1 million, net of cash acquired, for acquisitions and $6.4 million for capital expenditures, which was partially offset by $1.4 million we received from the sale of publications and other assets. 
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities.   Net cash used in financing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016   was   $47.2 million   primarily due to the payment of dividends of $44.2 million, repayments under term loans of $2.6 million, and a $0.4 million purchase of treasury stock. 
  Net cash provided by financing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015   was   $236.9 million   due to the issuance of common stock of $149.5 million from the public offering, net of underwriters  discount and offering costs, borrowings under term loans of $122.9 million, and borrowings under the revolving credit facility of $84.0 million, which were partially offset by repayments under the revolving credit facility of $74.0 million, payment of dividends of $42.7 million, repayments under term loans of $2.3 million, and the payment of debt issuance costs of $0.5 million. 
  Changes in Financial Position 
  The discussion that follows highlights significant changes in our financial position and working capital from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  . 
  Restricted Cash.   Restricted cash decreased $3.3 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , which primarily relates to our reduction of standby letters of credit in the name of our insurers that were fully collateralized with cash. 
  Accounts Receivable.   Accounts receivable decreased $10.8 million from December 27, 2015 to   September 25, 2016  , which primarily relates to the timing of cash collections and lower same store revenue recognized in the 2016 nine month period compared to 2015, which was partially offset by $13.6 million of assets acquired in the nine month period ending   September 25, 2016  . 
  
   36 

Prepaid Expenses.   Prepaid expenses increased $2.9 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , which primarily relates to the timing of payments and the remainder is due to acquisitions during the first nine months of 2016. 
  Other Current Assets.   Other current assets increased $5.2 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , primarily due to increased collateral required by our insurers in accordance with certain insurance policies. 
  Property, Plant, and Equipment.   Property, plant, and equipment decreased $5.4 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , of which $35.3 million relates to depreciation and $3.2 million relates to assets sold or disposed of, which was partially offset by $25.2 million of assets acquired and $7.7 million of capital expenditures. 
  Goodwill.   Goodwill increased $48.9 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , which primarily relates to acquisitions during the first nine months of 2016. 
  Intangible Assets.   Intangible assets increased $42.8 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , of which $58.9 million relates to acquisitions during the first nine months of 2016, which was offset by $15.1 million of amortization and $1.0 million from the sale of intangible assets. 
  Other Assets.   Other assets increased $2.0 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , of which $4.2 million relates to acquisitions during the first nine months of 2016, which was partially offset by $2.4 million of assets sold or disposed of. 
  Current Portion of Long-term Debt.   Current portion of long-term debt increased $10.0 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , due to $10.0 million of debt that was assumed in the Halifax acquisition in 2015 that is due December 31, 2016. 
  Accounts Payable.   Accounts payable increased $2.9 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , which relates primarily to acquisitions during the first nine months of 2016, which was partially offset by the timing of vendor payments. 
  Accrued Expenses.   Accrued expenses decreased $15.4 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , which primarily relates to a decrease in the management and incentive fee accrual of $16.0 million. 
  Deferred Revenue.   Deferred revenue increased $11.1 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , which relates primarily to acquisitions during the first nine months of 2016. 
  Long-term Debt.   Long-term debt decreased $10.3 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , due to a $10.0 million reclassification from long-term debt to current portion of long-term debt and a repayment of long-term debt of $2.6 million, which was partially offset by $2.1 million of non-cash interest expense.  
  Long-term Liabilities, Less Current Portion.   Long-term liabilities, less current portion increased $3.1 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , which relates primarily to acquisitions during the first nine months of 2016. 
  Deferred Income Taxes.   Deferred income taxes increased $1.7 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , which primarily relates to an increase in the deferred tax liability for indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
  Pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.   Pension and other postretirement benefit obligations increased $14.5 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , which relates primarily to pension liabilities assumed in the Times Publishing Company acquisition during the first nine months of 2016. 
  Retained Earnings.   Retained earnings decreased $27.3 million from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  , due to dividends of $44.4 million, which was partially offset by net income of $17.1 million. 
  Summary Disclosure About Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
  There have been no significant changes to our contractual obligations previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 27, 2015  . 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  
   37 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial statements. 
  Contractual Commitments 
  There were no material changes made to our contractual commitments during the period from   December 27, 2015   to   September 25, 2016  . 
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  A non-GAAP financial measure is generally defined as one that purports to measure historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows, but excludes or includes amounts that would not be so adjusted in the most comparable GAAP measure. We define and use Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, as set forth below. 
  Adjusted EBITDA 
  We define Adjusted EBITDA as follows: 
  Income (loss) from continuing operations   before  : 

income tax expense (benefit); 
                
    interest/financing expense; 
                
    depreciation and amortization; and 
                
    non-cash impairments. 
     Management s Use of Adjusted EBITDA 
  Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to income from operations, net income (loss), cash flow from continuing operating activities or any other measure of performance or liquidity derived in accordance with GAAP. We believe this non-GAAP measure, as we have defined it, is helpful in identifying trends in our day-to-day performance because the items excluded have little or no significance on our day-to-day operations. This measure provides an assessment of controllable expenses and affords management the ability to make decisions which are expected to facilitate meeting current financial goals as well as achieve optimal financial performance.  
  Adjusted EBITDA provides us with a measure of financial performance, independent of items that are beyond the control of management in the short-term, such as depreciation and amortization, taxation, non-cash impairments and interest expense associated with our capital structure. This metric measures our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, namely the cost structure or expenses of the organization. Adjusted EBITDA is one of the metrics we use to review the financial performance of our business on a monthly basis. 
  Limitations of Adjusted EBITDA 
  Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool. It should not be viewed in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP measures of earnings or cash flows. Material limitations in making the adjustments to our earnings to calculate Adjusted EBITDA and using this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to GAAP net income (loss), include: the cash portion of interest/financing expense, income tax (benefit) provision and charges related to impairments of long lived assets, which may significantly affect our financial results. 
  A reader of our financial statements may find this item important in evaluating our performance, results of operations and financial position. We use non-GAAP financial measures to supplement our GAAP results in order to provide a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business. 
  Adjusted EBITDA is not an alternative to net income, income from operations or cash flows provided by or used in operations as calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Readers of our financial statements should not rely on Adjusted EBITDA as a substitute for any such GAAP financial measure. We strongly urge readers of our financial statements to  
  
   38 

review the reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDA, along with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. We also strongly urge readers of our financial statements to not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. In addition, because Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP and is susceptible to varying calculations, the Adjusted EBITDA measure, as presented in this report, may differ from and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
  We use Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of our day-to-day operating performance, which is evidenced by the publishing and delivery of news and other media and excludes certain expenses that may not be indicative of our day-to-day business operating results. We consider the unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments and the loss on early extinguishment of debt to be financing related costs associated with interest expense or amortization of financing fees. Accordingly, we exclude financing related costs such as the early extinguishment of debt because they represent the write-off of deferred financing costs and we believe these non-cash write-offs are similar to interest expense and amortization of financing fees, which by definition are excluded from Adjusted EBITDA. Additionally, the non-cash gains (losses) on derivative contracts, which are related to interest rate swap agreements to manage interest rate risk, are financing costs associated with interest expense. Such charges are incidental to, but not reflective of, our day-to-day operating performance and it is appropriate to exclude charges related to financing activities such as the early extinguishment of debt and the unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments which, depending on the nature of the financing arrangement, would have otherwise been amortized over the period of the related agreement and does not require a current cash settlement.  Such charges are incidental to, but not reflective of our day-to-day operating performance of the business that management can impact in the short term. 
  The table below shows the reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 

(a) 
    Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended   September 25, 2016   included net expenses of $9,289, related to transaction and project costs, non-cash compensation, and other expense of $3,118, integration and reorganization costs of $5,197 and a $974 loss on the sale or disposal of assets. 
              (b) 
    Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended   September 27, 2015   included net expenses of $7,229, related to transaction and project costs, non-cash compensation, and other expense of $3,655, integration and reorganization costs of $1,638 and a $1,936 loss on the sale or disposal of assets. 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

During the   nine   month period ended   September 25, 2016  , there were no material changes to the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk that were presented in Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 27, 2015  . 

39 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  Changes in Internal Control 
  There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter to which this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relates that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   40 

Part II.   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

There have been no material changes to the legal proceedings previously disclosed under  Legal Proceedings  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016. 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 

You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in evaluating us and our common stock. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. The risk factors generally have been separated into the following groups: Risks Related to Our Business, Risks Related to Our Manager, and Risks Related to Our Common Stock. 
  Risks Related to Our Business 
  We depend to a great extent on the economies and the demographics of the local communities that we serve, and we are also susceptible to general economic downturns, which have had, and could continue to have, a material and adverse impact on our advertising and circulation revenues and on our profitability. 
  Our advertising revenues and, to a lesser extent, circulation revenues, depend upon a variety of factors specific to the communities that our publications serve. These factors include, among others, the size and demographic characteristics of the local population, local economic conditions in general and the economic condition of the retail segments of the communities that our publications serve. If the local economy, population or prevailing retail environment of a community we serve experiences a downturn, our publications, revenues and profitability in that market could be adversely affected. Our advertising revenues are also susceptible to negative trends in the general economy that affect consumer spending. The advertisers in our newspapers and other publications and related websites are primarily retail businesses that can be significantly affected by regional or national economic downturns and other developments. Declines in the U.S. economy could also significantly affect key advertising revenue categories, such as help wanted, real estate and automotive. 
  Uncertainty and adverse changes in the general economic conditions of markets in which we participate may negatively affect our business. 
  Current and future conditions in the economy have an inherent degree of uncertainty. As a result, it is difficult to estimate the level of growth or contraction for the economy as a whole. It is even more difficult to estimate growth or contraction in various parts, sectors and regions of the economy, including the markets in which we participate. Adverse changes may occur as a result of weak global economic conditions, declining oil prices, wavering consumer confidence, unemployment, declines in stock markets, contraction of credit availability, declines in real estate values, or other factors affecting economic conditions in general. These changes may negatively affect the sales of our products, increase exposure to losses from bad debts, increase the cost and decrease the availability of financing, or increase costs associated with publishing and distributing our publications. 
  Our ability to generate revenues is correlated with the economic conditions of three geographic regions of the United States. 
  Our Company primarily generates revenue in three geographic regions: the Northeast, the Midwest, and the Southeast. During the   nine   months ended   September 25, 2016  , approximately 25% of our total revenues were generated in three states in the Northeast: Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and New York.  During the same period, approximately 21% of our total revenues were generated in two states in the Midwest: Illinois and Ohio. Also during the same period, approximately 18% of our total revenues were generated in two states in the Southeast: Florida and North Carolina.  As a result of this geographic concentration, our financial results, including advertising and circulation revenue, depend largely upon economic conditions in these principal market areas. Accordingly, adverse economic developments within these three regions in particular could significantly affect our consolidated operations and financial results. 
  Our indebtedness and any future indebtedness may limit our financial and operating activities and our ability to incur additional debt to fund future needs or dividends. 
  
   41 

As of   September 25, 2016  , New Media s outstanding indebtedness consists primarily of the New Media Credit Agreement.  The New Media Credit Agreement provides for (i) a $200 million senior secured term facility and (ii) a $25 million senior secured revolving credit facility, with a $5 million sub-facility for letters of credit and a $5 million sub-facility for swing loans. In addition, we may request one or more new commitments for term loans or revolving loans from time to time up to an aggregate total of $75 million, subject to certain conditions. On September 3, 2014, the New Media Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional term loans under the Incremental Facility in an aggregate principal amount of $25 million. On November 20, 2014, the New Media Credit Agreement was further amended to increase the amount available thereunder for incremental term loans from $75 million to $225 million in order to facilitate the financing of the acquisition of substantially all of the assets from Halifax Media Group LLC. On January 9, 2015, the New Media Credit Agreement was amended to provide for additional term loans and revolving commitments under the Incremental Facility in a combined aggregate principal amount of $152 million and to make certain amendments to the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below).  On February 13, 2015, the New Media Credit Agreement was amended to, amongst other things, replace the existing term loans with a new class of replacement term loans with extended call protection.  On March 6, 2015, the New Media Credit Agreement was amended to provide for $15 million in additional revolving commitments under the Incremental Facility. On May 29, 2015, the New Media Credit Agreement was amended to provide for $25 million in additional term loans under the Incremental Facility.  As of   September 25, 2016  ,   $0   was drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
  The Advantage Credit Agreements, which arose from debt obligations assumed by us in connection with our acquisition of substantially all of the assets from Halifax Media Group LLC on January 9, 2015, are comprised of; (i) debt in the principal amount of $10 million that bears interest at the rate of 5.25% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, maturing on December 31, 2016 and (ii) debt in the principal amount of $8 million that bears interest at the rate of LIBOR plus 6.25% per annum (with a minimum of 1% LIBOR) payable quarterly in arrears, maturing on March 31, 2019.  As of   September 25, 2016  , $18 million was outstanding under the Advantage Credit Agreements. 
  All the above indebtedness and any future indebtedness we incur could: 

require us to dedicate a portion of cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness, including indebtedness we may incur in the future, thereby reducing the funds available for other purposes, including dividends or other distributions; 
                
    subject us to increased sensitivity to increases in prevailing interest rates; 
                
    place us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors with relatively less debt in economic downturns, adverse industry conditions or catastrophic external events; or 
                
    reduce our flexibility in planning for or responding to changing business, industry and economic conditions. 
     In addition, our indebtedness could limit our ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms or at all to fund future acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, general corporate and other purposes, which would have a material effect on our business and financial condition. Our liquidity needs could vary significantly and may be affected by general economic conditions, industry trends, performance and many other factors not within our control. 
  Each of the New Media Credit Agreement and Advantage Credit Agreements contains covenants that restrict our operations and may inhibit our ability to grow our business, increase revenues and pay dividends to our stockholders. 
  The New Media Credit Agreement contains various restrictions, covenants and representations and warranties. If we fail to comply with any of these covenants or breach these representations or warranties in any material respect, such noncompliance would constitute a default under the New Media Credit Agreement (subject to applicable cure periods), and the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the agreements related thereto to be immediately due and payable and enforce their respective interests against collateral pledged under such agreements. 
  The covenants and restrictions in the New Media Credit Agreement generally restrict our ability to, among other things: 

incur or guarantee additional debt; 
                
    make certain investments, loans or acquisitions; 
                
    transfer or sell assets; 
                
    make distributions on capital stock or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
     
   42 

create or incur liens; 
                
    enter into transactions with affiliates; 
                
    consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets; and 
                
    create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our restricted subsidiaries. 
     The Advantage Credit Agreements contain covenants substantially consistent with those contained in the New Media Credit Facilities in addition to those required for compliance with the New Markets Tax Credit program. 
  The restrictions described above may interfere with our ability to obtain new or additional financing or may affect the manner in which we structure such new or additional financing or engage in other business activities, which may significantly limit or harm our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. A default and any resulting acceleration of obligations under any of the New Media Credit Agreement or Advantage Credit Agreements could also result in an event of default and declaration of acceleration under our other existing debt agreements. Such an acceleration of our debt would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our ability to continue as a going concern. A default under any of the New Media Credit Agreement or Advantage Credit Agreements could also significantly limit our alternatives to refinance both the debt under which the default occurred and other indebtedness. This limitation may significantly restrict our financing options during times of either market distress or our financial distress, which are precisely the times when having financing options is most important. 
  We may not generate a sufficient amount of cash or generate sufficient funds from operations to fund our operations or repay our indebtedness. 
  Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness as required depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operations in the future. This ability, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. 
  If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy our debt obligations, including interest payments and the payment of principal at maturity, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to raise additional capital. We cannot provide assurance that any refinancing would be possible, that any assets could be sold, or, if sold, of the timeliness and amount of proceeds realized from those sales, that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all, or that additional financing would be permitted under the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect. Furthermore, our ability to refinance would depend upon the condition of the finance and credit markets. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or on a timely basis, would materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  We may not be able to pay dividends in accordance with our announced intent or at all. 
  We have announced our intent to distribute a substantial portion of our free cash flow generated from operations or other sources as a dividend to our stockholders, through a quarterly dividend, subject to satisfactory financial performance, approval by our Board of Directors and dividend restrictions in the New Media Credit Agreement. The Board of Directors  determinations regarding dividends will depend on a variety of factors, including the Company s GAAP net income, free cash flow generated from operations or other sources, liquidity position and potential alternative uses of cash, such as acquisitions, as well as economic conditions and expected future financial results. Although we recently paid a second quarter 2016 cash dividend of $0.33 per share of Common Stock and have paid regularly quarterly dividends since the third quarter of 2014, there can be no guarantee that we will continue to pay dividends in the future or that this recent dividend is representative of the amount of any future dividends. Our ability to declare future dividends will depend on our future financial performance, which in turn depends on the successful implementation of our strategy and on financial, competitive, regulatory, technical and other factors, general economic conditions, demand and selling prices for our products and other factors specific to our industry or specific projects, many of which are beyond our control. Therefore, our ability to generate free cash flow depends on the performance of our operations and could be limited by decreases in our profitability or increases in costs, capital expenditures or debt servicing requirements. 
  GateHouse Media, Inc. ( GateHouse  or  Predecessor ) suspended the payments of dividends commencing with the second quarter of 2008. We own substantially all of our Predecessor s assets, and our Predecessor experienced revenue and cash flow declines in the past. In addition, we may acquire additional companies with declining cash flow as part of a strategy aimed  
  
   43 

at stabilizing cash flow through expense reduction and digital expansion. If our strategy is not successful, we may not be able to pay dividends. 
  As a holding company, we are also dependent on our subsidiaries being able to pay dividends to us. Our subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on the ability to pay dividends under the various instruments governing their indebtedness. If our subsidiaries incur additional debt or losses, such additional indebtedness or loss may further impair their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. In addition, the ability of our subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends to us will also be dependent on their cash income and cash available and may be restricted under applicable law or regulation. Under Delaware law, approval of the board of directors is required to approve any dividend, which may only be paid out of surplus or net profit for the applicable fiscal year. As a result, we may not be able to pay dividends in accordance with our announced intent or at all. 
  We have invested in growing our digital business, including Propel and including through strategic acquisitions, but such investments may not be successful, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
  We continue to evaluate our business and how we intend to grow our digital business. Internal resources and effort are put towards this business and acquisitions are sought to expand this business, including our recent acquisition of a digital marketing business.  In addition, key partnerships have been entered into to assist with our digital business, including Propel. We continue to believe that our digital businesses, including Propel, offer opportunities for revenue growth to support and, in some cases, offset the revenue trends we have seen in our print business. There can be no assurances that the partnerships we have entered into, the acquisitions we have completed or the internal strategy being employed will result in generating or increasing digital revenues in amounts necessary to stabilize or offset trends in print revenues. In addition, we have a limited history of operations in this area and there can be no assurances that past performance will be indicative of future performance or future trends. If our digital strategy, including with regard to Propel, is not as successful as we anticipate, our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay dividends could be adversely affected. 
    
  Acquisitions have formed a significant part of our growth strategy in the past and are expected to continue to do so. If we are unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or successfully integrate the businesses we acquire, our growth strategy may not succeed. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including risks related to integration, and these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Our business strategy relies on acquisitions. We expect to derive a significant portion of our growth by acquiring businesses and integrating those businesses into our existing operations. We continue to seek acquisition opportunities, however we may not be successful in identifying acquisition opportunities, assessing the value, strengths and weaknesses of these opportunities or consummating acquisitions on acceptable terms. Furthermore, suitable acquisition opportunities may not even be made available or known to us. In addition, valuations of potential acquisitions may rise materially, making it economically unfeasible to complete identified acquisitions. 
  Additionally, our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the synergies between New Media and our recent or potential future acquisitions of assets or companies will depend, in part, on our ability to appropriately integrate the business of New Media and the businesses of other such acquired companies. The process of acquiring assets or companies may disrupt our business and may not result in the full benefits expected. The risks associated with integrating the operations of New Media and recent and potential future acquisitions include, among others: 

uncoordinated market functions; 
                
    unanticipated issues in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses; 
                
    the incurrence of indebtedness and the assumption of liabilities; 
                
    the incurrence of significant additional capital expenditures, transaction and operating expenses and non-recurring acquisition-related charges; 
                
    unanticipated adverse impact on our earnings from the amortization or write-off of acquired goodwill and other intangible assets; 
                
    cultural challenges associated with integrating acquired businesses with the operations of New Media; 
                
    not retaining key employees, vendors, service providers, readers and customers of the acquired businesses; and 
                
    the diversion of management s attention from ongoing business concerns. 
     
   44 

If we are unable to successfully implement our acquisition strategy or address the risks associated with integrating the operations of New Media and past acquisitions or potential future acquisitions, or if we encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications or delays frequently encountered in connection with the integration of acquired entities and the expansion of operations, our growth and ability to compete may be impaired, we may fail to achieve acquisition synergies and we may be required to focus resources on integration of operations rather than other profitable areas. Moreover, the success of any acquisition will depend upon our ability to effectively integrate the acquired assets or businesses. The acquired assets or businesses may not contribute to our revenues or earnings to any material extent, and cost savings and synergies we expect at the time of an acquisition may not be realized once the acquisition has been completed. Furthermore, if we incur indebtedness to finance an acquisition, the acquired business may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to service that indebtedness. Unsuitable or unsuccessful acquisitions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to pay dividends. 
  If we are unable to retain and grow our digital audience and advertiser base, our digital businesses will be adversely affected. 
  Given the ever-growing and rapidly changing number of digital media options available on the internet, we may not be able to increase our online traffic sufficiently and retain or grow a base of frequent visitors to our websites and applications on mobile devices. 
  Our Predecessor experienced declines in advertising revenue due in part to advertisers  shift from print to digital media, and we may not be able to create sufficient advertiser interest in our digital businesses to maintain or increase the advertising rates of the inventory on our websites. 
  In addition, the ever-growing and rapidly changing number of digital media options available on the internet may lead to technologies and alternatives that we are not able to offer or about which we are not able to advise. Such circumstances could directly and adversely affect the availability, applicability, marketability and profitability of the suite of SMB services and the private ad exchange we offer as a significant part of our digital business.  Specifically, news aggregation websites and customized news feeds (often free to users) may reduce our traffic levels by driving interaction away from our websites or our digital applications.  If traffic levels stagnate or decline, we may not be able to create sufficient advertiser interest in our digital businesses or to maintain or increase the advertising rates of the inventory on our digital platforms.  We may also be adversely affected if the use of technology developed to block the display of advertising on websites proliferates. 
  Technological developments and any changes we make to our business strategy may require significant capital investments. Such investments may be restricted by our current or future credit facilities. 
  If there is a significant increase in the price of newsprint or a reduction in the availability of newsprint, our results of operations and financial condition may suffer. 
  The basic raw material for our publications is newsprint. We generally maintain only a 45 to 55-day inventory of newsprint, although our participation in a newsprint-buying consortium has helped ensure adequate supply. An inability to obtain an adequate supply of newsprint at a favorable price or at all in the future could have a material adverse effect on our ability to produce our publications. Historically, the price of newsprint has been volatile, reaching a high of approximately $823 per metric ton in 2008 and experiencing a low of almost $410 per metric ton in 2002. The average price of newsprint during 2015 was approximately $585 per metric ton. Recent and future consolidation of major newsprint suppliers may adversely affect price competition among suppliers. Significant increases in newsprint costs for properties and periods not covered by our newsprint vendor agreement could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
  Our Predecessor experienced declines in advertising revenue, and further declines, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, may occur. 
  Our Predecessor previously experienced declines in advertising revenue, due primarily to the economic recession and advertisers  shift from print to digital media.  Advertising revenue decreased by $29.6 million, or 9.0%, in the year ended December 29, 2013, as compared to the year ended December 30, 2012 for total company excluding Local Media. Advertising revenue increased by $57.0 million, or 17.4%, in the year ended December 28, 2014, as compared to the year ended December 29, 2013, however, excluding acquisitions, there was a decrease in advertising revenue.  Advertising revenue increased by $311.3 million, or 80.8%, in the year ended December 27, 2015, as compared to the year ended December 28, 2014, however, excluding acquisitions, there was a decrease in advertising revenue.  We continue to search for organic growth opportunities, including in our digital advertising business, and for ways to stabilize print revenue declines through new product launches and  
  
   45 

pricing. However, there can be no assurance that our advertising revenue will not continue to decline. In addition, the range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically resulted in significantly lower rates for digital advertising than for print advertising.  Consequently, our digital advertising revenue may not be able to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption.  Further declines in advertising revenue could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
  Our Predecessor had a history of losses and filed a voluntary petition to reorganize under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in 2013. 
  Our Predecessor experienced losses from continuing operations of approximately $27.5 million and $21.0 million in 2012 and 2011, respectively. On September 27, 2013, GateHouse filed a voluntary petition to reorganize under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and emerged from Chapter 11 protection on November 26, 2013 (the  Effective Date ) ( Restructuring ). We may not be able to maintain profitable operations in the future and our failure to achieve profitability in the future could adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock and our ability to pay dividends and raise additional capital for growth. 
  We compete with a large number of companies in the local media industry; if we are unable to compete effectively, our advertising and circulation revenues may decline. 
  Our business is concentrated in newspapers and other print publications located primarily in small and midsize markets in the United States. Our revenues primarily consist of advertising and paid circulation. Competition for advertising revenues and paid circulation comes from direct mail, directories, radio, television, outdoor advertising, other newspaper publications, the internet and other media. For example, as the use of the internet and mobile devices has increased, we have lost some classified advertising and subscribers to online advertising businesses and our free internet sites that contain abbreviated versions of our publications. Competition for advertising revenues is based largely upon advertiser results, advertising rates, readership, demographics and circulation levels. Competition for circulation is based largely upon the content of the publication and its price and editorial quality. Our local and regional competitors vary from market to market, and many of our competitors for advertising revenues are larger and have greater financial and distribution resources than us. We may incur increased costs competing for advertising expenditures and paid circulation. We may also experience further declines of circulation or print advertising revenue due to alternative media, such as the internet. If we are not able to compete effectively for advertising expenditures and paid circulation, our revenues may decline. 
  We are undertaking strategic process upgrades that could have a material adverse financial impact if unsuccessful. 
  We are implementing strategic process upgrades of our business. Among other things we are implementing the standardization and centralization of systems and processes, the outsourcing of certain financial processes and the use of new software for our circulation, advertising and editorial systems. As a result of ongoing strategic evaluation and analysis, we have made and will continue to make changes that, if unsuccessful, could have a material adverse financial impact. 
  Our business is subject to seasonal and other fluctuations, which affects our revenues and operating results. 
  Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations that we expect to continue to be reflected in our operating results in future periods. Our first fiscal quarter of the year tends to be our weakest quarter because advertising volume is at its lowest levels following the December holiday season. Correspondingly, our second and fourth fiscal quarters tend to be our strongest because they include heavy holiday and seasonal advertising. Other factors that affect our quarterly revenues and operating results may be beyond our control, including changes in the pricing policies of our competitors, the hiring and retention of key personnel, wage and cost pressures, distribution costs, changes in newsprint prices and general economic factors. 
  We could be adversely affected by declining circulation. 
  Overall daily newspaper circulation, including national and urban newspapers, has declined in recent years. For the year ended December 27, 2015, our circulation revenue increased by $182.6 million, or 93.3%, as compared to the year ended December 28, 2014, of which $180.1 million relates to acquisitions. There can be no assurance that our circulation revenue will not decline again in the future. Our Predecessor and us were able to maintain annual circulation revenue from existing operations in recent years through, among other things, increases in per copy prices. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to increase prices to offset any declines in circulation. Further declines in circulation could impair our ability to maintain or increase our advertising prices, cause purchasers of advertising in our publications to reduce or discontinue those purchases and discourage potential new advertising customers, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay dividends.  
  
   46 

The increasing popularity of digital media could also adversely affect circulation of our newspapers, which may decrease circulation revenue and cause more marked declines in print advertising. Further, readership demographics and habits may change over time.  If we are not successful in offsetting such declines in revenues from our print products, our business, financial condition and prospects will be adversely affected.  
  The value of our intangible assets may become impaired, depending upon future operating results. 
  As a result of the Restructuring, which was considered a triggering event for the non-amortizable intangibles, our Predecessor performed a valuation analysis to determine if an impairment existed as of September 29, 2013. The fair values of our Predecessor s reporting units for goodwill and newspaper mastheads were estimated using the expected present value of future cash flows, recent industry transaction multiples and using estimates, judgments and assumptions that management believed were appropriate in the circumstances and were consistent with the terms of the Plan. The estimates and judgments used in the assessment included multiples for revenue and EBITDA, the weighted average cost of capital and the terminal growth rate. Given the Restructuring, our Predecessor determined that discounted cash flows provided the best estimate of the fair value of its reporting units. The estimated fair value of the Predecessor's Large Daily reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and Step 2 of the analysis was not necessary. The Predecessor's Small Community reporting unit failed the Step 1 goodwill impairment analysis. Our Predecessor performed Step 2 of the analysis using consistent assumptions, as discussed above, and determined an impairment was not present for this reporting unit. The estimated fair value of each reporting unit s mastheads exceeded their carrying values, using consistent assumptions as discussed above. The masthead fair value was estimated using the relief from royalty valuation method. For further information on goodwill and intangible assets, see Note 5 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements,  Goodwill and Intangible Assets .  
  Due to reductions in our Predecessor s operating projections during the third quarter of 2013 in conjunction with the Restructuring, an impairment charge of $68.6 million was recognized for advertiser relationships within the Predecessor s Metro and Small Community reporting units, an impairment charge of $19.1 million was recognized for subscriber relationships within the Predecessor s Metro and Small Community reporting units, an impairment charge of $2.1 million was recognized for customer relationships within the Predecessor s Metro reporting unit and an impairment charge of $1.8 million was recognized for trade names and publication rights within the Directories business unit.  
  During the fourth quarter of 2015, we reorganized our management structure to align with the geography of the market served.  As a result, an additional impairment analysis was performed.  The analysis of masthead values suggested impairment, and a charge of $4.8 million was recorded in December 2015. 
  At   September 25, 2016   the carrying value of our goodwill is   $220.0 million  , mastheads is   $92.9 million  , and amortizable intangible assets is   $253.5 million  . 
  We are subject to environmental and employee safety and health laws and regulations that could cause us to incur significant compliance expenditures and liabilities. 
  Our operations are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations pertaining to the environment, storage tanks and the management and disposal of wastes at our facilities. Under various environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for contamination resulting from the release or threatened release of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum at that property. Such laws often impose liability on the owner or operator without regard to fault, and the costs of any required investigation or cleanup can be substantial. Although in connection with certain of our Predecessor s acquisitions, as well as certain of our acquisitions, we have rights to indemnification for certain environmental liabilities, these rights may not be sufficient to reimburse us for all losses that we might incur if a property acquired by us has environmental contamination.  In addition, although in connection with certain of our acquisitions we have obtained insurance policies for coverage for certain potential environmental liabilities, these policies have express exclusions to coverage as well as express limits on amounts of coverage and length of term.  Accordingly these insurance policies may not be sufficient to provide coverage for us for all losses that we might incur if a property acquired by us has environmental contamination. 
  Our operations are also subject to various employee safety and health laws and regulations, including those pertaining to occupational injury and illness, employee exposure to hazardous materials and employee complaints. Environmental and employee safety and health laws tend to be complex, comprehensive and frequently changing. As a result, we may be involved from time to time in administrative and judicial proceedings and investigations related to environmental and employee safety and health issues. These proceedings and investigations could result in substantial costs to us, divert our management s attention and adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop our real property. Furthermore, if it is determined that we are  
  
   47 

not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or if our properties are contaminated, it could result in significant liabilities, fines or the suspension or interruption of the operations of specific printing facilities. 
  Future events, such as changes in existing laws and regulations, new laws or regulations or the discovery of conditions not currently known to us, may give rise to additional compliance or remedial costs that could be material. 
  Sustained increases in costs of employee health and welfare benefits may reduce our profitability. Moreover, our pension plan obligations are currently underfunded, and we may have to make significant cash contributions to our plans, which could reduce the cash available for our business. 
  In recent years, we and our Predecessor experienced significant increases in the cost of employee medical benefits because of economic factors beyond our control, including increases in health care costs. At least some of these factors may continue to put upward pressure on the cost of providing medical benefits. Although we have actively sought to control increases in these costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce the profitability of our businesses. 
  Our pension and postretirement plans were underfunded by $26.2 million at   September 25, 2016  . The increase of $15.0 million since December 27, 2015 is primarily due to the assumption of a pension liability in a recent acquisition, offset by payments of $1.3 million.  Our pension plan invests in a variety of equity and debt securities, many of which were affected by the disruptions in the credit and capital markets in 2009 and 2010. Future volatility and disruption in the stock markets could cause further declines in the asset values of our pension plans. In addition, a decrease in the discount rate used to determine minimum funding requirements could result in increased future contributions. If either occurs, we may need to make additional pension contributions above what is currently estimated, which could reduce the cash available for our businesses. 
  We may not be able to protect intellectual property rights upon which our business relies and, if we lose intellectual property protection, our assets may lose value. 
  Our business depends on our intellectual property, including, but not limited to, our titles, mastheads, content and services, which we attempt to protect through patents, copyrights, trade laws and contractual restrictions, such as confidentiality agreements. We believe our proprietary and other intellectual property rights are important to our success and our competitive position. 
  Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized third parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our content, services and other intellectual property, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent any misappropriation or confusion among consumers and merchants, or unauthorized use of these rights. If we are unable to procure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, we may not realize the full value of these assets, and our business may suffer. If we must litigate to enforce our intellectual property rights or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of third parties, such litigation may be costly and divert the attention of our management from day-to-day operations. 
  We depend on key personnel and we may not be able to operate or grow our business effectively if we lose the services of any of our key personnel or are unable to attract qualified personnel in the future. 
  The success of our business is heavily dependent on our ability to retain our management and other key personnel and to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. Competition for senior management personnel is intense and we may not be able to retain our key personnel. Although our Predecessor entered into employment agreements with certain of our key personnel, these agreements do not ensure that our key personnel will continue in their present capacity with us for any particular period of time. We do not have key man insurance for any of our current management or other key personnel. The loss of any key personnel would require our remaining key personnel to divert immediate and substantial attention to seeking a replacement. An inability to find a suitable replacement for any departing executive officer on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to operate or grow our business. 
  A shortage of skilled or experienced employees in the media industry, or our inability to retain such employees, could pose a risk to achieving improved productivity and reducing costs, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
  Production and distribution of our various publications requires skilled and experienced employees. A shortage of such employees, or our inability to retain such employees, could have an adverse impact on our productivity and costs, our ability to expand, develop and distribute new products and our entry into new markets. The cost of retaining or hiring such employees could exceed our expectations which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
  
   48 

A number of our employees are unionized, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if current or additional labor negotiations or contracts were to further restrict our ability to maximize the efficiency of our operations. 
  As of   September 25, 2016  , we employed 9,563 employees, of whom 1,219 (or approximately 13%) were represented by 38 unions. 89% of the unionized employees are in four states: Ohio, Rhode Island, Massachusetts and Illinois and represent 33%, 23%, 17% and 16% of all our union employees, respectively. Most of our unionized employees work under collective bargaining agreements that expire in 2017. 
  Although our newspapers have not experienced a union strike in the recent past nor do we anticipate a union strike to occur, we cannot preclude the possibility that a strike may occur at one or more of our newspapers at some point in the future. We believe that, in the event of a newspaper strike, we would be able to continue to publish and deliver to subscribers, which is critical to retaining advertising and circulation revenues, although there can be no assurance of this. 
  The collectability of accounts receivable under adverse economic conditions could deteriorate to a greater extent than provided for in our financial statements and in our projections of future results. 
  Adverse economic conditions in the United States have increased our exposure to losses resulting from financial distress, insolvency and the potential bankruptcy of our advertising customers. Our accounts receivable are stated at net estimated realizable value and our allowance for doubtful accounts has been determined based on several factors, including receivable agings, significant individual credit risk accounts and historical experience. If such collectability estimates prove inaccurate, adjustments to future operating results could occur. 
  Our potential inability to successfully execute cost control measures could result in greater than expected total operating costs. 
  We and our Predecessor have implemented general cost control measures, and we expect to continue such cost control efforts in the future. If we do not achieve expected savings as a result of such measures or if our operating costs increase as a result of our growth strategy, our total operating costs may be greater than expected. In addition, reductions in staff and employee benefits could affect our ability to attract and retain key employees. 
  We rely on revenue from the printing of publications for third parties that may be subject to many of the same business and industry risks that we are. 
  In 2015, we generated approximately 4.8% of our revenue from printing third-party publications, and our relationships with these third parties are generally pursuant to short-term contracts. As a result, if the macroeconomic and industry trends described herein such as the sensitivity to perceived economic weakness of discretionary spending available to advertisers and subscribers, circulation declines, shifts in consumer habits and the increasing popularity of digital media affect those third parties, we may lose, in whole or in part, a substantial source of revenue. 
  A decision by any of the three largest national publications or the major local publications to cease publishing in those markets, or seek alternatives to their current business practice of partnering with us, could materially impact our profitability. 
  Our possession and use of personal information and the use of payment cards by our customers present risks and expenses that could harm our business. Unauthorized access to or disclosure or manipulation of such data, whether through breach of our network security or otherwise, could expose us to liabilities and costly litigation and damage our reputation. 
  Our online systems store and process confidential subscriber and other sensitive data, such as names, email addresses, addresses, and other personal information. Therefore, maintaining our network security is critical. Additionally, we depend on the security of our third-party service providers. Unauthorized use of or inappropriate access to our, or our third-party service providers  networks, computer systems and services could potentially jeopardize the security of confidential information, including payment card (credit or debit) information, of our customers. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we or our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Non-technical means, for example, actions by an employee, can also result in a data breach. A party that is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate our proprietary information or the information of our customers or users, cause interruption in our operations, or damage our computers or those of our customers or users. As a result of any such breaches, customers or users may assert claims of liability against us and these activities may subject us to legal claims, adversely impact our reputation, and interfere with our ability to provide our products and services, all of which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The coverage and limits of our insurance policies may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches. 
  
   49 

A significant number of our customers authorize us to bill their payment card accounts directly for all amounts charged by us. These customers provide payment card information and other personally identifiable information which, depending on the particular payment plan, may be maintained to facilitate future payment card transactions. Under payment card rules and our contracts with our card processors, if there is a breach of payment card information that we store, we could be liable to the banks that issue the payment cards for their related expenses and penalties. In addition, if we fail to follow payment card industry data security standards, even if there is no compromise of customer information, we could incur significant fines or lose our ability to give our customers the option of using payment cards. If we were unable to accept payment cards, our business would be seriously harmed. 
  There can be no assurance that any security measures we, or our third-party service providers, take will be effective in preventing a data breach. We may need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose customers or users. Failure to protect confidential customer data or to provide customers with adequate notice of our privacy policies could also subject us to liabilities imposed by United States federal and state regulatory agencies or courts. We could also be subject to evolving state laws that impose data breach notification requirements, specific data security obligations, or other consumer privacy-related requirements. Our failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Our financial results were affected by the adoption of fresh start reporting and may not reflect historical trends. 
  Pursuant to the Plan, we acquired substantially all of the assets of our Predecessor. The Restructuring resulted in us becoming a new reporting entity and adopting fresh start accounting. As required by fresh start accounting, our Predecessor s assets and liabilities were adjusted to estimated fair value, and we recognized certain assets and liabilities not previously recognized in our Predecessor s financial statements. Accordingly, our financial condition and results of operations from and after the Effective Date are not comparable to the financial condition and results of operations reflected in our Predecessor s historical consolidated financial statements. 
  Risks Related to Our Manager 
  We are dependent on our Manager and may not find a suitable replacement if our Manager terminates the Management Agreement and the inability of our Manager to retain or obtain key personnel could delay or hinder implementation of our investment strategies, which could impair our ability to make distributions and could reduce the value of your investment. 
  Some of our officers and other individuals who perform services for us are employees of our Manager. We are reliant on our Manager, which has significant discretion as to the implementation of our operating policies and strategies, to conduct our business. We are subject to the risk that our Manager will terminate the Management Agreement and that we will not be able to find a suitable replacement for our Manager in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost or at all. Furthermore, we are dependent on the services of certain key employees of our Manager whose compensation may be partially or entirely dependent upon the amount of incentive or management compensation earned by our Manager and whose continued service is not guaranteed, and the loss of such services could adversely affect our operations. If any of these people were to cease their affiliation with us or our Manager, either we or our Manager may be unable to find suitable replacements, and our operating results could suffer. We believe that our future success depends, in large part, upon our Manager s ability to hire and retain highly skilled personnel. Competition for highly skilled personnel is intense, and our Manager may be unsuccessful in attracting and retaining such skilled personnel. If we lose or are unable to obtain the services of highly skilled personnel, our ability to implement our investment strategies could be delayed or hindered and this could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
  There are conflicts of interest in our relationship with our Manager. 
  Our Management Agreement with our Manager was not negotiated between unaffiliated parties, and its terms, including fees payable, although approved by the independent directors of both Newcastle (our parent prior to the spin-off) and New Media as fair, may not be as favorable to us as if they had been negotiated with an unaffiliated third party. 
  There are conflicts of interest inherent in our relationship with our Manager insofar as our Manager and its affiliates including investment funds, private investment funds, or businesses managed by our Manager invest in media assets and whose investment objectives overlap with our investment objectives. Certain investments appropriate for us may also be  
  
   50 

appropriate for one or more of these other investment vehicles. Certain members of our Board of Directors and employees of our Manager who may be officers also serve as officers and/or directors of these other entities. Although we have the same Manager, we may compete with entities affiliated with our Manager or Fortress for certain target assets. From time to time, affiliates of Fortress focus on investments in assets with a similar profile as our target assets that we may seek to acquire. These affiliates may have meaningful purchasing capacity, which may change over time depending upon a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, available equity capital and debt financing, market conditions and cash on hand. Fortress had approximately $70.1 billion of assets under management as of September 30, 2016. In addition, with respect to Fortress funds in the process of selling investments, our Manager may be incentivized to regard the sale of such assets to us positively, particularly if a sale to an unrelated third party would result in a loss of fees to our Manager. 
  Our Management Agreement with our Manager generally does not limit or restrict our Manager or its affiliates from engaging in any business or managing other pooled investment vehicles that invest in investments that meet our investment objectives. Our Manager may engage in additional investment opportunities related to media assets in the future, which may cause our Manager to compete with us for investments or result in a change in our current investment strategy. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that if Fortress or an affiliate or any of their officers, directors or employees acquire knowledge of a potential transaction that could be a corporate opportunity, they have no duty, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to offer such corporate opportunity to us, our stockholders or our affiliates. In the event that any of our directors and officers who is also a director, officer or employee of Fortress or its affiliates acquires knowledge of a corporate opportunity or is offered a corporate opportunity, provided that this knowledge was not acquired solely in such person s capacity as a director or officer of ours and such person acts in good faith, then to the fullest extent permitted by law such person is deemed to have fully satisfied such person s fiduciary duties owed to us and is not liable to us if Fortress or its affiliates pursues or acquires the corporate opportunity or if such person did not present the corporate opportunity to us. 
  The ability of our Manager and its officers and employees to engage in other business activities, subject to the terms of our Management Agreement with our Manager, may reduce the amount of time our Manager, its officers or other employees spend managing us. In addition, we may engage in material transactions with our Manager or another entity managed by our Manager or one of its affiliates, which may present an actual, potential or perceived conflict of interest. It is possible that actual, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to investor dissatisfaction, litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. Appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with one or more potential, actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Regulatory scrutiny of, or litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which could materially adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including causing an inability to raise additional funds, a reluctance of counterparties to do business with us, a decrease in the prices of our equity securities and a resulting increased risk of litigation and regulatory enforcement actions. 
  The management compensation structure that we have agreed to with our Manager, as well as compensation arrangements that we may enter into with our Manager in the future (in connection with new lines of business or other activities), may incentivize our Manager to invest in high risk investments. In addition to its management fee, our Manager is currently entitled to receive incentive compensation. In evaluating investments and other management strategies, the opportunity to earn incentive compensation may lead our Manager to place undue emphasis on the maximization of such measures at the expense of other criteria, such as preservation of capital, in order to achieve higher incentive compensation. Investments with higher yield potential are generally riskier or more speculative than lower-yielding investments. Moreover, because our Manager receives compensation in the form of options in connection with the completion of our equity offerings, our Manager may be incentivized to cause us to issue additional stock, which could be dilutive to existing stockholders. 
  It would be difficult and costly to terminate our Management Agreement with our Manager. 
  It would be difficult and costly for us to terminate our Management Agreement with our Manager. After its initial three-year term, the Management Agreement will be automatically renewed for one-year terms unless terminated (i) by a majority vote of at least two-thirds of our independent directors, or by a vote of the holders of a simple majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock, that there has been unsatisfactory performance by our Manager that is materially detrimental to us or (ii) a determination by a simple majority of our independent directors that the management fee payable to our Manager is not fair, subject to our Manager s right to prevent such a termination by continuing to provide the services under the Management Agreement at a fee that a simple majority of our independent directors have reasonably determined to be fair. Our Manager will be provided 60 days  prior notice of any termination and will be paid a termination fee equal to the amount of the management fee earned by the Manager during the 12-month period preceding such termination. In addition, following any termination of the Management Agreement, our Manager may require us to purchase its right to receive incentive compensation at a price determined as if our assets were sold for their then current fair market value or otherwise we may continue to pay the incentive  
  
   51 

compensation to our Manager. These provisions may increase the effective cost to us of terminating the Management Agreement, thereby adversely affecting our ability to terminate our Manager without cause. 
  Our Board of Directors does not approve each investment decision made by our Manager. In addition, we may change our investment strategy without a stockholder vote, which may result in our making investments that are different, riskier or less profitable than our current investments. 
  Our Manager has great latitude in determining the types and categories of assets it may decide are proper investments for us, including the latitude to invest in types and categories of assets that may differ from those in which we currently invest. Our board of directors periodically reviews our investment portfolio. However, our Board of Directors does not review or pre-approve each proposed investment or our related financing arrangements. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our Board of Directors relies primarily on information provided to them by our Manager. Furthermore, transactions entered into by our Manager may be difficult or impossible to unwind by the time they are reviewed by our Board of Directors even if the transactions contravene the terms of the Management Agreement. In addition, we may change our investment strategy, including our target asset classes, without a stockholder vote. 
  Our investment strategy may evolve in light of existing market conditions and investment opportunities, and this evolution may involve additional risks depending upon the nature of the assets in which we invest and our ability to finance such assets on a short- or long-term basis. Investment opportunities that present unattractive risk-return profiles relative to other available investment opportunities under particular market conditions may become relatively attractive under changed market conditions, and changes in market conditions may therefore result in changes in the investments we target. Decisions to make investments in new asset categories present risks that may be difficult for us to adequately assess and could therefore reduce our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or have adverse effects on our liquidity or financial condition. A change in our investment strategy may also increase our exposure to interest rate, real estate market or credit market fluctuations. In addition, a change in our investment strategy may increase the guarantee obligations we agree to incur or increase the number of transactions we enter into with affiliates. Our failure to accurately assess the risks inherent in new asset categories or the financing risks associated with such assets could adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition. 
  Our Manager will not be liable to us for any acts or omissions performed in accordance with the Management Agreement, including with respect to the performance of our investments. 
  Pursuant to our Management Agreement, our Manager will not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder in good faith and will not be responsible for any action of our Board of Directors in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations. Our Manager, its members, managers, officers and employees will not be liable to us or any of our subsidiaries, to our Board of Directors, or our or any subsidiary s stockholders or partners for any acts or omissions by our Manager, its members, managers, sub-advisers, officers or employees, except by reason of acts constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of our Manager s duties under our Management Agreement. We shall, to the full extent lawful, reimburse, indemnify and hold our Manager, its members, managers, officers and employees, sub-advisers and each other person, if any, controlling our Manager, harmless of and from any and all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims of any nature whatsoever (including attorneys  fees) in respect of or arising from any acts or omissions of an indemnified party made in good faith in the performance of our Manager s duties under our Management Agreement and not constituting such indemnified party s bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of our Manager s duties under our Management Agreement. 
  Our Manager s due diligence of investment opportunities or other transactions may not identify all pertinent risks, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
  Our Manager intends to conduct due diligence with respect to each investment opportunity or other transaction it pursues. It is possible, however, that our Manager s due diligence processes will not uncover all relevant facts, particularly with respect to any assets we acquire from third parties. In these cases, our Manager may be given limited access to information about the investment and will rely on information provided by the target of the investment. In addition, if investment opportunities are scarce, the process for selecting bidders is competitive, or the timeframe in which we are required to complete diligence is short, our ability to conduct a due diligence investigation may be limited, and we would be required to make investment decisions based upon a less thorough diligence process than would otherwise be the case. Accordingly, investments and other transactions that initially appear to be viable may prove not to be over time, due to the limitations of the due diligence process or other factors. 
  
   52 

Because we are dependent upon our Manager and its affiliates to conduct our operations, any adverse changes in the financial health of our Manager or its affiliates or our relationship with them could hinder our Manager s ability to successfully manage our operations. 
  We are dependent on our Manager and its affiliates to manage our operations and acquire and manage our investments. Under the direction of our Board of Directors, our Manager makes all decisions with respect to the management of our company. To conduct its operations, our Manager depends upon the fees and other compensation that it receives from us in connection with managing our company and from other entities and investors with respect to investment management services it provides. Any adverse changes in the financial condition of our Manager or its affiliates, or our relationship with our Manager, could hinder our Manager s ability to successfully manage our operations, which would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. For example, adverse changes in the financial condition of our Manager could limit its ability to attract key personnel. 
  Risks Related to our Common Stock 
  There can be no assurance that the market for our stock will provide you with adequate liquidity. 
  The market price of our common stock may fluctuate widely, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation: 

our business profile and market capitalization may not fit the investment objectives of any stockholder; 
                
    a shift in our investor base; 
                
    our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other comparable companies; 
                
    actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 
                
    changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
                
    announcements by us or our competitors of significant investments, acquisitions or dispositions; 
                
    the failure of securities analysts to cover our Common Stock; 
                
    changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 
                
    the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; 
                
    overall market fluctuations; and 
                
    general economic conditions. 
     Stock markets in general and recently have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock. Additionally, these and other external factors have caused and may continue to cause the market price and demand for our Common Stock to fluctuate, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of Common Stock, and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. 
  Sales or issuances of shares of our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 
  Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. The issuance of our common stock in connection with property, portfolio or business acquisitions or the settlement of awards that may be granted under our Incentive Plan (as defined above) or otherwise could also have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 
  Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
  As a public company, we are required to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The acquisitions of Stephens Media, LLC, Halifax Media Group, The Columbus Dispatch and the Monroe News have resulted in a change to our internal control over financial reporting which has materially affected our internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is complex and may be  
  
   53 

revised over time to adapt to changes in our business, or changes in applicable accounting rules. We cannot assure you that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in the future or that a material weakness will not be discovered with respect to a prior period for which we had previously believed that internal controls were effective. If we are not able to maintain or document effective internal control over financial reporting, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be able to certify as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Matters impacting our internal controls may cause us to be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis, or may cause us to restate previously issued financial information, and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions or investigations by the SEC, or violations of applicable stock exchange listing rules. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. Confidence in the reliability of our financial statements is also likely to suffer if we or our independent registered public accounting firm reports a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This could materially adversely affect us by, for example, leading to a decline in our share price and impairing our ability to raise capital, if and when desirable. 
  The percentage ownership of existing shareholders in New Media may be diluted in the future. 
  We may issue equity in order to raise capital or in connection with future acquisitions and strategic investments, which would dilute investors  percentage ownership in New Media. In addition, your percentage ownership may be diluted if we issue equity instruments such as debt and equity financing. 
  The percentage ownership of existing shareholders in New Media may also be diluted in the future as result of the issuance of ordinary shares in New Media upon the exercise of 10-year warrants (the  New Media Warrants ). The New Media Warrants collectively represent the right to acquire New Media Common Stock, which in the aggregate are equal to 5% of New Media Common Stock as of the Effective Date (calculated prior to dilution from shares of New Media Common Stock issued pursuant to Newcastle s contribution of Local Media Parent and assignment of related stock purchase agreement to New Media (the  Local Media Contribution )) at a strike price of $46.35 calculated based on a total equity value of New Media prior to the Local Media Contribution of $1.2 billion as of the Effective Date. As a result, New Media Common Stock may be subject to dilution upon the exercise of such New Media Warrants. 
  Furthermore, the percentage ownership in New Media may be diluted in the future because of additional equity awards that we expect will be granted to our Manager pursuant to our Management Agreement. Upon the successful completion of an offering of shares of our Common Stock or any shares of preferred stock, we will grant our Manager options equal to 10% of the number of shares being sold in the offering, with an exercise price equal to the offering price per share paid by the public or other ultimate purchaser. The Board of Directors of New Media approved the Incentive Plan, which provides for the grant of equity and equity-based awards, including restricted stock, stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, restricted stock units, tandem awards and other equity-based and non-equity based awards, in each case to our Manager, to the directors, officers, employees, service providers, consultants and advisors of our Manager who perform services for us, and to our directors, officers, employees, service providers, consultants and advisors. Any future grant would cause further dilution. We initially reserved 15 million shares of our Common Stock for issuance under the Incentive Plan; on the first day of each fiscal year beginning during the ten-year term of the Incentive Plan and in and after calendar year 2015, that number will be increased by a number of shares of our Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of our Common Stock newly issued by us during the immediately preceding fiscal year (and, in the case of fiscal year 2014, after the effective date of the Incentive Plan). In January 2016 and 2015, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Incentive Plan was increased by 724,400 and 746,649, representing 10% of the shares of Common Stock newly issued in fiscal year 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
  Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and of Delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the trading price of our Common Stock. 
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the raider and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our Board rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions provide for: 

a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms; 
                
    amendment of provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws regarding the election of directors, classes of directors, the term of office of directors, the filling of director vacancies and the resignation and removal of directors only upon the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the then issued and  
     
   54 

outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote thereon (provided, however, that for so long as Newcastle and certain other affiliates of Fortress and permitted transferees (collectively, the  Fortress Stockholders ) beneficially own at least 20% of our issued and outstanding Common Stock, such provisions may be amended with the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting interest of stockholders entitled to vote or by a majority of the entire Board of Directors); 
             
    amendment of provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation regarding corporate opportunity only upon the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the then issued and outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote thereon; 
                
    removal of directors only for cause and only with the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the voting interest of stockholders entitled to vote in the election of directors (provided, however, that for so long as the Fortress Stockholders beneficially own at least 20% of our issued and outstanding Common Stock, directors may be removed with or without cause with the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting interest of stockholders entitled to vote); 
                
    our Board to determine the powers, preferences and rights of our preferred stock and to issue such preferred stock without stockholder approval; 
                
    provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws prevent stockholders from calling special meetings of our stockholders (provided, however, that for so long as the Fortress Stockholders beneficially own at least 20% of our issued and outstanding Common Stock, Fortress Stockholders may call special meetings of our stockholders); 
                
    advance notice requirements applicable to stockholders for director nominations and actions to be taken at annual meetings; 
                
    a prohibition, in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, stating that no holder of shares of our Common Stock will have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors, which means that the holders of majority of the issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock can elect all the directors standing for election; and 
                
    action by our stockholders outside a meeting, in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, only by unanimous written consent (provided, however, that for so long as the Fortress Stockholders beneficially own at least 20% of our issued and outstanding Common Stock, our stockholders may act without a meeting by written consent of a majority of the voting interest of stockholders entitled to vote). 
     Public stockholders who might desire to participate in these types of transactions may not have an opportunity to do so, even if the transaction is considered favorable to stockholders. These anti-takeover provisions could substantially impede the ability of public stockholders to benefit from a change in control or a change in our management and Board and, as a result, may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock and your ability to realize any potential change of control premium. 

55 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

_____________________ 
                 (1) 
    Pursuant to the "withhold to cover" method for collecting and paying withholding taxes for our employees upon the vesting of restricted securities, we withheld from certain employees the shares noted in the table above to cover such statutory minimum tax withholdings. These transactions took place outside of a publicly-announced repurchase plan. The weighted-average price per share listed in the above table is the weighted-average of the fair market prices at which we calculated the number of shares withheld to cover tax withholdings for the employees. 

Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

Not applicable 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

Item 5. 
    Other Information 

Not applicable 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 

See Index to Exhibits on page 58 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

56 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
                   
    NEW MEDIA INVESTMENT GROUP INC. 

Date: October 27, 2016 
    /s/ Gregory W. Freiberg 
        
    Gregory W. Freiberg 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 
        
    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

57 

*     Filed herewith. 
  
   58 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q32016ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
  I, Michael E. Reed, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 25, 2016   of New Media Investment Group Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                  Date: October 27, 2016 
        
      /s/ Michael E. Reed 
      Michael E. Reed 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q32016ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
  I, Gregory W. Freiberg, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 25, 2016   of New Media Investment Group Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
               Date: October 27, 2016 
        
      /s/ Gregory W. Freiberg 
      Gregory W. Freiberg 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q32016ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of New Media Investment Group Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended   September 25, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Michael E. Reed, as Principal Executive Officer of the Company, and Gregory W. Freiberg, as Principal Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( Section 906 ), that: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael E. Reed 
      Name: 
      
    Michael E. Reed 
      Title: 
      
    Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
      Date: 
      
    October 27, 2016 
        
      /s/ Gregory W. Freiberg 
      Name: 
      
    Gregory W. Freiberg 
      Title: 
      
    Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
      Date: 
      
    October 27, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 newm-20160925.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 newm-20160925.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 newm-20160925_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 newm-20160925_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 newm-20160925_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 newm-20160925_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

