<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1376231_0001580957-16-000937_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>60436</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>18855</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>32373</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>4</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001580957-16-000937.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110161741
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001580957-16-000937
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VPR Brands, LP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001376231
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				900191208
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54435
		FILM NUMBER:		161988272

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-537-6607

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		787 ADELINE AVE.
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95136

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Soleil Capital L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JobsInSite, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060922

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001580957-16-000937.txt : 20161110

10-Q/A
 1
 vprb63010qa.htm
 FORM 10-Q/A

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q/A  

  Amendment No. 1  

[X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016  

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 

Commission File No. 000-54435 

VPR BRANDS, LP  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Issuer s Telephone Number: (954) 684-8288 

N/A   
       
       N/A    
 
      (Former Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

(Former name, former address and former 

 Fiscal quarter, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. [X] Yes [  ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). [  ] Yes [X] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer,   non-accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
      Accelerated filer  
      [  ]   

Non-accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
      Smaller reporting company  
      [X]   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [ ] Yes [X] No 

State the number of common units outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the last practicable date: The number of the Registrant s voting
and non-voting common units representing limited partner interests outstanding as of August 15, 2016 was 50,012,125. 

Explanatory Note   

 In this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 (the  June 2016 Form 10-Q/A ), VPR Brands LLP ( the
Company ) is updating Item 4 (Controls and Procedures) as of June 30, 2016 and for the quarter ended of June 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on August 16, 2016 (the  Original Filing )
to reflect changes in our assessment of internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Except
for the inclusion of new certifications required by Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange
Act ), and as required to reflect the change in Item 4 (Controls and Procedures), no modifications or updates have been
made to the financial statements or data for the quarters ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, as filed in the Original Filing. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

 Disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ) are
designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and
Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

 At the time that our Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 was filed on August 16, 2016, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of June 30, 2016, and management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of June 30, 2016. Subsequent to this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of June 30, 2016 and management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of June 30, 2016 because of continued material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as described in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 which was filed on April 7, 2016, which material weakness
are reiterated below. 

The Company did not maintain an effective financial
reporting process to prepare financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Specifically, our process lacked timely and complete
financial statement reviews and procedures to ensure all required disclosures were made in our financial statements. Also, the
Company lacked documented procedures including documentation related to testing of internal controls and entity-level controls,
disclosure review, and other analytics. Furthermore, the Company lacked sufficient personnel to properly segregate duties. Therefore,
our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of June 30, 2016. 

A material weakness (within the meaning of
PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal
control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness; yet important enough to merit attention by those
responsible for oversight of the Company s financial reporting. 

2   

Remedial Efforts Related
to the Material Weakness in Internal Control        

 In an effort to address the material
weakness, we have implemented, or are in the process of implementing, the following remedial steps: 

We intend to establish an audit committee of the board of directors as soon as practicable. We envision that the audit committee will be primarily responsible for reviewing the services performed by our independent auditors, evaluating our accounting policies and our system of internal controls.   

We intend to establish an internal audit function and engage a public accounting firm to perform internal audit services under an outsourcing arrangement. We intend for the internal audit service provider to review the policies, procedures and systems to address the material weakness.    

In addition to supervising all financial aspects of the Company, our CFO is also supervising our Information Technology ( IT ) functions to better facilitate the coordination and development of improved systems to support our financial reporting process.   

In furtherance of timely and complete financial statement reviews and procedures to ensure all required disclosures are made in our financial statements and promoting the segregation of duties, we have (i) hired experienced accounting personnel and expect to hire additional experienced accounting personnel, (ii) hired staff to handle the increased workload associated with the reporting structure in place and continue to recruit additional staff in key areas including financial reporting and tax accounting as well as we have engaged temporary staff and (iii) hired consultants to assist in achieving accurate and timely reporting, including hiring additional consultants to assist in the development and enhancement of IT infrastructure systems to support accounting.   

We have provided and will continue to provide training to our finance and accounting personnel for timely and accurate preparation and management review of documentation to support our financial reporting and period-end close procedures including documentation related to testing of internal controls and entity-level controls, disclosure review, and other analytics.   

We have been conducting and continue to conduct the assessment and review of our accounting general ledger system to further identify changes that can be made to improve our overall control environment with respect to journal entries. We are continuing to implement more formal procedures related to the review and approval of journal entries.    

We have been formalizing the periodic account reconciliation process for all significant balance sheet accounts. We are continuing to implement more formal review of these reconciliations by our accounting management and we will increase the number of supervisory personnel to ensure that reviews are performed.    

We believe these additional internal controls
will be effective in remediating the material weakness described above; however, we may determine to modify the remediation plan
described above by adding remedial steps to or modifying or no longer pursuing (if determined to be unnecessary in remediating
the material weakness) the remedial steps set forth above. Until the remediation steps set forth above are fully implemented, the
material weakness described above will continue to exist. Notwithstanding, through the use of external consultants and the review
process, management believes that the financial statements and other information presented herewith are materially correct. 

 The Company s disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. However, the Company s
management, including its CEO and CFO, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all
fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 

 Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

3   

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

*  
      Filed herewith.   

4   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, there unto duly authorized. 

VPR Brands, LP    

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Kevin Frija    

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer   Principal Financial Officer)   

5   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vprb630ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATON  

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 

I, Kevin Frija, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify
that: 

2.   
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations: and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Registrant 
         Date: November 10, 2016  

VPR Brands, LP  
          By:  /s/ Kevin Frija                                                                

Kevin Frija  
     Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vprb630ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATON  

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 

I, Kevin Frija, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify
that: 

2.   
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations: and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Registrant 
         Date: November 10, 2016  

VPR Brands, LP  
          By:  /s/ Kevin Frija                                                                

Kevin Frija  

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

