<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1630132_0001193125-16-760177_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4491221</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>149759</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>300946</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>738412</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2057042</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1034830</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-760177.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104161037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-760177
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160925
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bojangles', Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001630132
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				452988924
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37374
		FILM NUMBER:		161975279

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9432 SOUTHERN PINE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28273
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704.527.2675

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9432 SOUTHERN PINE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28273

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-760177.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 d257400d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 25, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 001-37374        

Bojangles , Inc.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

Delaware  
   
  45-2988924   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

9432 Southern Pine Boulevard  
  Charlotte, North Carolina   
   
  28273   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (704) 527-2675   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       As of October 31, 2016, there were
36,373,721 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.01 per share outstanding.      

Table of Contents  

   BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    INDEX       

Page  

PART I  FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1. 
    
  Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015 (Unaudited)

1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the thirteen and thirty-nine
weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 (Unaudited)   

2 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the thirty-nine weeks ended September
25, 2016 (Unaudited)   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016
and September 27, 2015 (Unaudited)   

4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

5 

Item 2. 
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

19 

Item 3. 
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

37 

Item 4. 
    
  Controls and Procedures  

38 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1. 
    
  Legal Proceedings  

40 

Item 1A. 
    
  Risk Factors  

40 

Item 2. 
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

41 

Item 3. 
    
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

41 

Item 4. 
    
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

41 

Item 5. 
    
  Other Information  

41 

Item 6. 
    
  Exhibits  

41 

Signature  

42 

i  

Table of Contents  

   CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 Statements made in this Quarterly Report that are not statements of historical or current facts, such as those under the heading  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements discuss our current
expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. These statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words  aim, 
 anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   forecast,   intend,   outlook,   plan,   potential,   project,   projection, 
 seek,   may,   could,   would,   will,   should,   can,   can have,   likely,  the negatives thereof and other words and terms of similar meaning.  
 Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions; they are not guarantees of performance. You should not place undue
reliance on these statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that our assumptions made in connection with the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, we cannot assure you that the assumptions and expectations will prove to be correct.    You should understand that the following important
factors could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements:      

our vulnerability to changes in consumer preferences and economic conditions;         

our ability to open restaurants in new and existing markets and expand our franchise system;         

our ability to generate comparable restaurant sales growth;         

our restaurants and our franchisees  restaurants may close due to financial or other difficulties;         

new menu items, advertising campaigns, changes in discounting strategy and restaurant designs and remodels may not generate increased sales or profits;     

anticipated future restaurant openings may be delayed or cancelled;         

increases in the cost of chicken, pork, dairy, wheat, corn and other products;         

our ability to compete successfully with other quick-service and fast-casual restaurants, including new entrants to the breakfast market and those newly expanding their breakfast menus for all day availability;

our reliance on our franchisees, who may be adversely impacted by economic conditions and who may incur financial hardships, be unable to obtain credit, need to close their restaurants or declare bankruptcy;

our ability to support our franchise system;         

our limited degree of control over the actions of our franchisees;         

our potential responsibility for certain acts of our franchisees;         

our vulnerability to conditions in the Southeastern United States;         

negative publicity, whether or not valid;         

concerns about food safety and quality and about food-borne illnesses, including adverse public perception due to the occurrence of avian flu, swine flu or other food-borne illnesses, such as E. coli;

our dependence upon frequent and timely deliveries of restaurant food and other supplies;         

our reliance upon a limited number of suppliers for substantially all of our restaurant food and other supplies;         

our reliance upon just one third-party distributor for substantially all of our restaurant food and other supplies;     
      ii  

Table of Contents  

the adverse impact of economic conditions on our operating results and financial condition, on our ability to comply with the terms and covenants of our debt agreements and on our ability to pay or to refinance our
existing debt or to obtain additional financing;         

our ability to protect our name and logo and other intellectual property;         

loss of the abilities, experience and knowledge of our existing directors and officers;         

matters relating to employment and labor laws;         

labor shortages or increases in labor costs;         

the impact of litigation, including wage and hour class action lawsuits;         

our ability and the ability of our franchisees to renew leases at the end of their terms;         

the impact of federal, state or local government regulations relating to the preparation and sale of food, zoning and building codes, employee wages and benefits, and environmental and other matters;

the fact that we are considered a  controlled company  and exempt from certain corporate governance rules primarily relating to board independence, and we may use some or all of these exemptions;

the fact that we are a holding company with no operations and will rely on our operating subsidiaries to provide us with funds;     

our expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; and         

changes in accounting standards.      In light of these risks and uncertainties, expected results or other
anticipated events or circumstances discussed in this Form 10-Q (including the exhibits hereto) might not occur. We undertake no obligation, and specifically decline any obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, even
if experience or future developments make it clear that projected results expressed or implied in such statements will not be realized, except as may be required by law.  
 See the section entitled  Risk Factors  in this Form 10-Q as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015
filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 11, 2016 for a more complete discussion of these risks and uncertainties and for other risks and uncertainties. Those factors and the other risk factors
described therein are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could
harm our results. Consequently, there can be no assurance that actual results or developments anticipated by us will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, us. Given these
uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  
      iii  

Table of Contents  

     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
   Financial Statements         BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 (Unaudited)    (in thousands, except
per share amounts)      
   See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

   BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income  
 (Unaudited)    (in thousands, except
per share amounts)      
   See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity  
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 25, 2016  
 (Unaudited)    (in thousands)  
   
   See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (Unaudited)    (in thousands)  
   
   See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

(1)  
  Summary of Significant Operations and Accounting Policies         

(a) 
   Operations        Bojangles , Inc. (formerly known as BHI Holding Corp.) (together
with its subsidiaries,  Bojangles  , the  Company ,  we  or  our ) was formed on June 28, 2011 as a Delaware corporation. The Company s principal business is the operations and development and
franchising, as franchisor, of limited service restaurants. As of September 25, 2016, there were 301 Company-operated restaurants, 61 related party franchised restaurants, and 337 independent franchised restaurants operating under the
 Bojangles      name. The restaurants are located principally in the Southeastern United States. The Company s franchising activity is regulated by the laws of the various states
in which it is registered to sell franchises, as well as rules promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission. The legislation and rules, among other things, establish minimum disclosure requirements to a prospective franchisee and require periodic
registration by the Company with state administrative agencies.    The following is the number of Bojangles  franchised,  Company-operated  and system-wide restaurants at the beginning and end of the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016:      

(b) 
   Basis of Presentation and Consolidation        The accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and practices of the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. In the opinion of management, all
adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair statement of the results for interim periods have been included.  
 Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in audited consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP
have been condensed or omitted pursuant to rules and regulations of the SEC.    On May 13, 2015, the Company completed its initial public
offering of 8,912,500 shares of common stock at a price to the public of $19.00 per share (the  IPO ), including 1,162,500 shares sold to the underwriters pursuant to their option to purchase additional shares. All of the shares of the
Company s common stock offered as part of the IPO were sold by selling stockholders. Accordingly, the Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares. Prior to the consummation of the IPO (i) a 359.03843-for-1 stock split of
the Company s common stock was effected (subject to rounding to eliminate any fractional shares), (ii) the conversion ratio of the Company s Series A  
      5  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   

Preferred Stock was automatically adjusted as a result of the stock split in accordance with certain anti-dilution provisions in the Company s certificate of incorporation and (iii) each
share of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock converted into 359.03843 shares of the Company s common stock (subject to rounding to eliminate any fractional shares). All share and per-share data herein have been adjusted to reflect the
stock split as though it had occurred prior to the earliest data presented.    These condensed consolidated financial statements should be
read in conjunction with the Company s results of operations, financial positions and cash flows in the Company s financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015. Certain prior period balances have been
reclassified to conform to current period presentation, including the reclassification of the December 27, 2015 balance of $2.5 million of debt issuance costs from Deferred debt issuance costs, net to Long-term debt, less current maturities and
deferred debt issuance costs, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.    The results of operations and cash flows reported in these
condensed consolidated financial statements should not be regarded as necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the entire fiscal year.  
 The Company consolidates entities in which we have a controlling financial interest, the usual condition of which is ownership of a majority
voting interest. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.      

(c) 
   Fiscal Year        The Company operates on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the
last Sunday of December. Fiscal year 2016 will end on December 25, 2016 and will consist of 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2015 ended on December 27, 2015 and consisted of 52 weeks. Fiscal quarters within both fiscal years 2016 and 2015 are comprised of
thirteen weeks.      

(d) 
   Use of Accounting Estimates        The preparation of condensed consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of certain assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Accordingly, the actual amounts could differ from those estimates. Any adjustments applied to estimated amounts are recognized in the fiscal year in which such
adjustments are determined.      

(e) 
   New Accounting Pronouncements        In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ). This update was issued to replace the current revenue recognition guidance, creating a
more comprehensive revenue model. This update was originally to be effective in fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early application was not permitted. In July 2015, the FASB affirmed its proposal to defer the effective date by one
year to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The FASB also affirmed its proposal to permit early adoption of the standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements.    In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,
 Inventory (Topic 330)  ( ASU 2015-11 ). The pronouncement was issued to simplify the measurement of inventory and changes the measurement from lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value. This pronouncement is
effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2015-11 is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   
   
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU
2016-02 ). ASU 2016-02 is a comprehensive new standard that amends various aspects of existing guidance for leases and requires additional disclosures about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 will require companies to recognize lease assets and
lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. ASU 2016-02 retains a distinction between finance leases and operating leases. The classification criteria for distinguishing between finance leases
and operating leases are substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases and operating leases in the previous guidance relating to leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ) , 
which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions. ASU 2016-09 addresses several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b)
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.      

(2)  
   Long-Term  Debt     
  Long-term  debt consist of the following (in thousands):  

7  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   

(a) 
   Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit        On October 9, 2012, the Company
entered into a credit agreement ( Credit Agreement ) with several financial institutions, collateralized by all of the assets of the Company. The Credit Agreement contains both a term loan component and a revolving line of credit. The
Credit Agreement was subsequently amended on May 15, 2013, April 11, 2014, July 23, 2015 and September 25, 2015. The Credit Agreement was further amended on October 19, 2016 to, among other things, increase allowable indebtedness
associated with capital lease obligations, synthetic lease obligations and purchase money obligations, as well as to increase allowable cash capital expenditures during each fiscal year.  
 As of September 25, 2016, there were outstanding balances under the term loan in one-month Eurodollar loans of $170.5 million, all of which
were accruing interest at a rate of approximately 2.77%. As of December 27, 2015, there were outstanding balances under the term loan in one-month Eurodollar loans of $200.2 million, all of which were accruing interest at a rate of approximately
2.48%.    As of September 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015, there were no outstanding balances under the revolving line of credit.  
 Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, certain covenants restrict the Company from exceeding a maximum consolidated total lease adjusted leverage
ratio, require the Company to maintain a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, and place certain limitations on cash capital expenditures. The Company was not in violation of any covenants under the Credit Agreement as of September 25,
2016.    Debt issuance costs are capitalized and amortized using the effective interest method over the initial term of the related loan.

(b) 
   Interest Rate Swap Agreements        The Company enters into interest-rate-related
derivative instruments to manage its exposure related to changes in interest rates on its variable-rate debt instruments. The Company does not enter into derivative instruments for any purpose other than cash flow hedging. The Company does not
speculate using derivative instruments.    By using derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates, the
Company exposes itself to credit risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes the Company, which creates
credit risk for the Company. When the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, the Company owes the counterparty and, therefore, the Company is not exposed to the counterparty s credit risk in those circumstances. The Company minimizes
counterparty credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. The derivative instruments entered into by the Company do not contain credit-risk-related contingent features.  
 The Company assesses interest rate risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact
expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. The Company maintains risk management control systems to monitor interest rate risk attributable to both the Company s outstanding or forecasted debt obligations as well as the
Company s offsetting hedge positions.    The Company enters into variable-rate LIBOR debt under the term loan portion of the Credit
Agreement. The debt obligations expose the Company to variability in interest payments due to changes in interest rates. Management believes that it is prudent to limit the variability of a portion of its interest payments. To meet this objective,
management entered into LIBOR-based interest rate swap agreements to manage fluctuations in cash flows resulting from changes in the benchmark interest rate of LIBOR. These swaps change the variable-rate cash flow exposure on part of the debt
obligations to fixed cash flows. Under the  
      8  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   

terms of the interest rate swaps, the Company receives LIBOR-based variable interest rate payments and makes fixed interest rate payments, thereby creating the equivalent of fixed-rate debt for
the notional amount of its debt hedged.    The activity in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income is as follows (in thousands):  

(3)  
  Fair Value Measurements       The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the
fair value of each class of financial instruments:      

Cash and cash equivalents, accounts and vendor receivables, other assets (nonderivatives), notes payable to financial institutions, trade accounts payable, and accrued expenses (nonderivatives): The carrying amounts, at
face value or cost plus accrued interest, approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.        

Interest rate swaps: The fair value of interest rate swaps is determined using an income approach using the following significant inputs: the term of the swaps, the notional amount of the swaps, the rate on the fixed
leg of the swaps and counterparty credit worthiness. There were three interest rate swaps outstanding as of September 25, 2016.    
      9  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   
   
  The following table presents financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis,
which include derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments, and other investments, which consists of money market accounts and mutual funds held in a rabbi trust established by the Company to fund a portion of the Company s current
and future obligations under its deferred compensation plan (in thousands):      

Carrying value  

Quoted Prices in active markets for identical instruments (Level 1)  

Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)  

Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)  

Fair value measurement as of September 25, 2016:  

Investments for nonqualified deferred compensation plan (included with other noncurrent assets on
the consolidated balance sheets)  
    
 $ 
 3,033 

3,033 

Interest rate swap (included with other current liabilities and other non current liabilities on
the consolidated balance sheets)  

(737 
 )  

(737 
 )  

Fair value measurement as of December 27, 2015:  

Investments for nonqualified deferred compensation plan (included with other noncurrent assets on
the consolidated balance sheets)  
    
 $ 
 2,628 

2,628 

Interest rate swap (included with other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance
sheets)  

437 

437 

Interest rate swap (included with other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheets)  

(405 
 )  

(405 
 )  

There were no transfers into or out of Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements during the
thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016.    Our investments for the nonqualified deferred compensation plan are comprised of investments
held in a rabbi trust. These investments consist of money market funds and mutual funds and the fair value measurements are derived using quoted prices in active markets for the specific funds which are based on Level 1 inputs of the fair value
hierarchy.    Our interest rate swaps are valued using a discounted cash flow analysis that incorporates observable market parameters, such
as interest rate yield curves and currency rates, classified as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. Derivative valuations incorporate credit risk adjustments that are necessary to reflect the probability of default by us or the
counterparty.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   

(4)  
  Other Current Assets       Other current assets consist of the following (in thousands):  

(5)  
  Property and Equipment, Net       Property and equipment, net consist of the following (in
thousands):      
   Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was $3.7 million and $3.4 million for
the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively, and $10.8 million and $9.6 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively.  

(6)  
  Franchise Rights, Net       Franchise rights, net are as follows (in thousands):  

11  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   
   
  Amortization expense related to franchise rights was $0.3 million during each of the thirteen
weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 and $0.8 million during each of the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015.      

(7)  
  Other Noncurrent Assets       Other noncurrent assets consist of the following (in
thousands):      

(8)  
  Accrued Expenses       Accrued expenses consist of the following (in thousands):  

(9)  
  Other Current Liabilities       Other current liabilities consist of the following (in
thousands):      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   

(10)  
  Other Noncurrent Liabilities       Other noncurrent liabilities consist of the following (in
thousands):      
   Deferred revenue includes initial franchise license fees that have been received, but for which the Company has
not completed its obligations under these franchise agreements; therefore, revenue has not been recognized.      

(11)  
  Commitments and Contingencies         

(a) 
   Litigation        The Company is subject to various claims and litigation that arise in
the normal course of business. Management is of the opinion that, although the outcome of the litigation cannot be predicted with any certainty, the ultimate liability, if any, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
position, results of operations or cash flows.      

(b) 
   Concentration of Credit Risk        Certain financial instruments potentially subject
the Company to a concentration of credit risk. These financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts and vendor receivables. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-credit, quality financial
institutions. At times, the balances in the accounts exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  
 Concentration of credit risk with respect to receivables is primarily limited to franchisees, which are primarily located in the Southeastern
United States, and certain vendors. Royalty revenues from three franchisees, one of which is a related party, accounted for approximately 44% of the Company s total franchise royalty revenues for each of the thirteen weeks ended September 25,
2016 and September 27, 2015 and approximately 44% of the Company s total franchise royalty revenues for each of the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015. Royalty and franchise fee accounts receivable from three
franchisees, one of which is a related party, accounted for approximately 42% and 44% of the Company s gross royalty and franchise fee accounts receivable as of September 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015, respectively. The Company continually
evaluates and monitors the credit history of its franchisees and believes it has an adequate allowance for bad debts.      

(c) 
   Debt Guarantees        Prior to July 25, 2011, a franchisee of the Company assumed a
portion of the Company s then outstanding term debt, which the Company guarantees through 2018. The Company may be required to perform under this guarantee in the event of default or nonperformance by this franchisee. The Company has determined
that default by the franchisee is unlikely due to its timely and consistent payments; therefore, the Company has not recorded a liability for this note on its condensed consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of debt covered by this
additional guarantee of the Company was $0.1 million as of both September 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   

The Company s agreement with a financial institution providing up to $3.5
million for leasing of equipment that was originally scheduled to expire on March 1, 2016 was initially extended to September 30, 2016. As the Company had utilized all capacity under this agreement, on June 27, 2016, the financial institution
increased the capacity under this agreement by an additional $8.1 million and further extended the expiration of the agreement to June 1, 2017. Under this leasing arrangement, each of the scheduled leases has a 60-month term, a fixed interest rate
equal to the interest rate swap for a 2.61 year weighted average life as published by the Bloomberg Swap report on the lease commencement date for the specific equipment project plus 300 basis points, and a bargain purchase option at the end of the
lease of $1. As a result of the bargain purchase option, the Company has classified the leases under this leasing arrangement as capital leases.  
 The Company s agreement with another financial institution providing up to $1.4 million for leasing of equipment expired on April 30,
2016. Under this leasing arrangement, each of the scheduled leases had a 60-month term, a fixed interest rate equal to the 32-month interpolated interest rate swap on the lease commencement date for the specific equipment project plus 391 basis
points, and a bargain purchase option at the end of the lease of $1. On April 22, 2016, the Company entered into a new agreement with the financial institution providing up to $2.0 million for leasing of equipment, which is scheduled to expire on
April 30, 2017. Under this leasing arrangement, each of the scheduled leases has a 60-month term, a fixed interest rate equal to the 3-year interest rate swap on the lease commencement date for the specific equipment project plus 290 basis points,
and a bargain purchase option at the end of the lease of $1. On October 11, 2016, the Company entered into a new agreement with the financial institution providing up to $2.1 million for leasing of equipment, which is scheduled to expire on
September 30, 2017. Under this leasing arrangement, each of the scheduled leases has a 60-month term, a fixed interest rate equal to the 3-year interest rate swap on the lease commencement date for the specific equipment project plus 290 basis
points, and a bargain purchase option at the end of the lease of $1. As a result of the bargain purchase option, the Company has classified the leases under these leasing arrangements as capital leases.  
 On August 15, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with a third financial institution providing up to $3.0 million for leasing of
equipment, which is scheduled to expire on June 30, 2017. Under this leasing arrangement, each of the scheduled leases has a 60-month term, a fixed interest rate equal to the average of two- and three-year interest rate swap rates as published by
the Bloomberg Swap report on the lease commencement date for the specific equipment project plus 300 basis points, and a bargain purchase option at the end of the lease of $1. As a result of the bargain purchase option, the Company has classified
the leases under this leasing arrangement as capital leases.      
   Basic net income per share is calculated using the
weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015.  
 Diluted net income per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding and potentially dilutive
during the period, using the treasury stock method, and assumes the conversion of the outstanding preferred stock into common stock.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   
   
  The computations of basic and diluted net income per share for the thirteen and thirty-nine
weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 are as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):      
     
   The Company s effective income tax rates were 29.1% and 27.4% for the
thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively, and 33.4% and 38.0% for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively. The effective income tax rate for both of the thirteen and
thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 was impacted by a deferred income tax benefit due to a reduction in the North Carolina corporate income tax rate and the recognition of certain tax credits. The effective income tax
rate for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015 was also impacted by costs related to the IPO that were not deductible for income tax purposes.      

(15)  
  Stock Compensation Plan       Effective immediately prior to the IPO, the Company s
board of directors and stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Amended 2011 Plan ), the Company s board of directors may
grant awards representing up to 8.5 million shares of the Company s common stock in the form of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance awards to officers, directors, employees, and consultants of the
Company and its subsidiaries. At September 25, 2016, there were 4.0 million shares remaining and available for future grants under the Amended 2011 Plan.  
   Stock Options    
 Stock options are granted at a price determined by the board of directors or a committee designated by the board at not less than the fair
market value of a share on the date of grant. The term of each option shall be determined by the board of directors or a committee designated by the board at the time of grant and shall be no greater than ten years.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   
   
  Stock option activity during the period indicated is as follows:  
   
   On June 8, 2016, the Company granted a total of 151,000 stock options to certain employees of the Company to
purchase shares of its common stock at a price of $18.05 per share. The fair value of the stock options on the date of the grant was $5.48 per share. The stock options will vest in equal annual installments over four years, subject to continued
service to the Company.    As of September 25, 2016, there was $2.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to time
based stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.5 years. As of September 25, 2016, there was approximately $3.0 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to 1.1 million unvested
performance based stock options. These performance based stock options will vest and become exercisable upon the achievement of certain performance metrics indicated in the stock option grant.  
   Restricted Stock Units    
 Restricted stock unit activity during the period indicated is as follows:  
   
   On June 8, 2016, the Company granted a total of 75,500 restricted stock units to certain employees of the
Company. The restricted stock units will vest in equal annual installments over four years, subject to continued service to the Company. Vested shares will be delivered within ten days of the vesting date of such restricted stock unit.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   
   
  On June 8, 2016, the Company granted 2,770 restricted stock units to each of its six
non-employee directors who are not affiliated with Advent International Corporation ( Advent ). The restricted stock units will vest on the date of the Company s next annual meeting, subject to continued service to the Company. Vested
shares will be delivered within ten days of the vesting date of such restricted stock unit.    On May 13, 2015, the Company granted 2,631
restricted stock units to each of its then three non-employee directors who were not affiliated with Advent. All of these restricted stock units vested on June 8, 2016.  
 As of September 25, 2016, there was $1.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units, which is
expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 3.2 years.      

(16)  
  Related Party Transactions       Advent is related to the Company through members of the
board of directors and ownership of the Company. The Company reimburses Advent for certain expenses. There were no amounts included in accounts payable due to Advent as of both September 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015.  
 Panthers Football, LLC ( The Panthers ) is owned by family members of certain indirect stockholders of the Company. The Company has a
marketing and sponsorship agreement with The Panthers.    Cajun Jack s, LLC ( Cajun ) is owned by family members of certain
indirect stockholders and a member of the board of directors of the Company. Cajun is a franchisee of the Company. Cajun remits payments to the Company for royalties, marketing, and franchise license fees. 
 New Generation Foods, LLC ( New Generation ) is owned by family members of certain indirect stockholders and a member of the board of
directors of the Company. New Generation is a franchisee of the Company. New Generation remits payments to the Company for royalties, marketing, and franchise license fees. From January 29, 2014 through July 31, 2015, the Company matched New
Generation s advertising expenditures in an amount up to 1% of New Generation s sales.    Tri-Arc Food Systems, Inc.
( Tri-Arc ) owns an interest in the Company. In addition, an owner of Tri-Arc is a member of the board of directors of the Company. Tri-Arc is a franchisee of the Company. Tri-Arc remits payments to the Company for royalties, marketing,
and franchise license fees. In addition, the Company reimburses Tri-Arc for shared marketing costs.    JZF Properties, LLC ( JZF )
is owned by family members of certain indirect stockholders and a member of the board of directors of the Company. JZF leases a building and land to the Company for use as a restaurant operated by the Company.  
 MAR Real Estate, LLC ( MRE ) is owned by a certain indirect stockholder of the Company. MRE leases land and buildings to the Company
for use as restaurants operated by the Company.    Palmetto Lowcountry Properties, LLC ( PLP ) is owned by a certain indirect
stockholder of the Company. PLP leases land and buildings to the Company for use as restaurants operated by the Company.    Catco Bo
Memorial, LLC ( CBM ) is owned by a certain indirect stockholder of the Company. CBM leases land, equipment and a building to the Company for use as a restaurant operated by the Company.  
 MRMJ Holdings, LLC ( MRMJ ) is owned by a certain indirect stockholder of the Company. MRMJ leases land, equipment and a building to
the Company for use as a restaurant operated by the Company.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

BOJANGLES , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (continued)   
   
  The following table presents expenses incurred and payments made in transactions with the
Company s related parties (in thousands):      
   The following tables present franchise royalty revenues and other franchise revenues from transactions with
the Company s related parties (in thousands):      
   The following table presents accounts receivable from transactions with the Company s related parties (in
thousands):      
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.   
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        The
following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations for Bojangles , Inc. ( Bojangles   or the  Company ) should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the
Company and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. In this Quarterly Report, unless the context otherwise requires, references to  we,   us,  and  our  mean the Company, together with its
subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis.    Operating results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any
other fiscal quarter or for the fiscal year, and our key performance indicators, as discussed below, may decrease for any future period. Unless otherwise stated, comparable restaurant sales and average unit volumes are presented on a system-wide
basis, which means they include sales at both company-operated restaurants and franchised restaurants. Franchise sales represent sales at all franchised restaurants and are revenues to our franchisees. We do not record franchise sales as revenues;
however, our franchise royalty revenues include royalties based on a percentage of franchise sales.     Overview   
 Bojangles  is a highly differentiated and growing restaurant operator and franchisor dedicated to serving customers high-quality, craveable food made from
our Southern recipes. We opened our first store in Charlotte, North Carolina in 1977 and, as of September 25, 2016, have expanded our system-wide restaurants to 699 across eleven states, the District of Columbia and Roatan Island, Honduras. Our
system of restaurants, which includes both company-operated and franchised restaurants, generated approximately $312.6 million and $909.9 million of system-wide sales during the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016, respectively.
We offer fast-casual quality food and preparation combined with quick-service speed, convenience and value.     Key Performance Indicators   
 To evaluate the performance of our business, we utilize a variety of financial and performance measures. These key measures include company restaurant
revenues, franchise royalty and other franchise revenues, system-wide average unit volumes ( AUVs ), comparable restaurant sales, restaurant openings and net income. In addition, we also evaluate Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted
Net Income per Share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, and restaurant contribution and restaurant contribution margin, which are considered to be non-GAAP financial measures.  
   Company Restaurant Revenues      Company restaurant
revenues consists of sales of food and beverages in company-operated restaurants. Company restaurant revenues in a period are influenced by several factors, including the number of operating weeks in such period, the number of open restaurants and
comparable restaurant sales growth.    Seasonal factors cause our revenues to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our revenues per restaurant are typically
lower in the first quarter. As a result, our quarterly and annual operating results and key performance indicators may fluctuate significantly.  
   Franchise Royalty and Other Franchise Revenues    
 Franchise royalty and other franchise revenues represents royalty income and initial and renewal franchise fees. While we expect the majority of our total
revenue growth will be driven by company-operated restaurants, our franchised restaurants and growth in franchise royalty and other franchise revenues remain an important part of our financial success.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

    System-wide Average Unit Volumes    
 We measure system-wide AUVs on a fiscal year basis and on a trailing twelve-month basis for each non-fiscal year-end period for system-wide restaurants. Annual
AUVs are calculated using the following methodology: first, we determine the domestic free-standing restaurants with both a drive-thru and interior seating that have been open for a full twelve-month period (excluding express units); and second, we
calculate the revenues for these restaurants and divide by the number of restaurants in that base to arrive at our AUV calculation. This methodology is similar for each trailing twelve-month period outside the fiscal year end.  
   
     Comparable Restaurant Sales    
 Comparable restaurant sales reflects the change in year-over-year sales for the comparable restaurant base. A restaurant enters our comparable restaurant base
the first full day of the month after being open for fifteen months using a mid-month convention. While we do not record franchised restaurant sales as revenues, our royalty revenues are calculated based on a percentage of franchised restaurant
sales.      
     Restaurant Openings    
 The number of restaurant openings reflects the number of restaurants opened during a particular reporting period. Before we open company-operated restaurants,
we incur preopening costs. System-wide, some of our restaurants open with an initial start-up period of higher than normal sales volume, which subsequently decreases to stabilized levels. Newly opened company-operated restaurants typically
experience normal inefficiencies such as higher food and supplies, labor and other direct operating costs and, as a result, restaurant contribution margins are typically lower during the start-up period of operations. In addition, newly opened
restaurants typically have high occupancy costs compared to existing restaurants. When entering new markets, we may be exposed to longer start-up times and lower contribution margins than reflected in our average historical experience.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  The following is the number of Bojangles  franchised,
 company-operated  and system-wide restaurants at the beginning and end of the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016:      
     Net Income, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted Net Income per Share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA    
 We consider net income to be a key performance indicator that shows the overall health of our entire business. We typically utilize net income in conjunction
with the non-GAAP financial measures Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted Net Income per Share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA when assessing the operational strength and the performance of our business.  
 Adjusted Net Income represents company net income before items that we do not consider representative of our ongoing operating performance, as well as an
estimate of recurring incremental legal, accounting, insurance and other operating and compliance costs we expect to incur as a public company for those periods where they had not yet been incurred, both as identified in the reconciliation table
below. Adjusted Diluted Net Income per Share represents company diluted net income per share before items that we do not consider representative of our ongoing operating performance, as well as an estimate of recurring incremental legal, accounting,
insurance and other operating and compliance costs we expect to incur as a public company for those periods where they had not yet been incurred, both as identified in the reconciliation table below.  
 EBITDA represents company net income before interest expense (net of interest income), provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted
EBITDA represents company net income before interest expense (net of interest income), provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, items that we do not consider representative of our ongoing operating performance and certain non-cash
items, as identified in the reconciliation table below.   Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted Net Income per Share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as
presented in this Form 10-Q are supplemental measures of our performance that are neither required by, nor presented in accordance with, GAAP. Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted Net Income per Share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not
measurements of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income, operating income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP or as alternatives to cash flow from operating
activities as a measure of our liquidity. In addition, in evaluating Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted Net Income per Share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we will incur expenses or charges such as those added
back to calculate Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted Net Income per Share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. Our presentation of Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted Net Income per Share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an
inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted Net Income per share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as
analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation, or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are (i) they do not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital
expenditures or contractual commitments, (ii) they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs, (iii) EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary
to service interest or principal payments, on our debt, (iv) although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted
Diluted Net Income per Share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements, (v) they do not adjust for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in our statements of cash flows, (vi) they do not
reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations, and (vii) other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as
comparative measures.    We compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts excluded from such non-GAAP
financial measures. We further compensate for the limitations in our use of non-GAAP financial measures by presenting comparable GAAP measures more prominently.  
 We believe Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted Net Income per Share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA facilitate operating performance comparisons from period to
period by isolating the effects of some items that vary from period to period without any correlation to core operating performance or that vary significantly among similar companies. These potential differences may be caused by variations in
capital structures (affecting interest expense), tax positions (such as the impact on periods or companies of changes in effective tax rates or net operating losses) and the age and book depreciation of facilities and equipment (affecting relative
depreciation expense). We also present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because (i) we believe these measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry, (ii) we believe
investors will find these measures useful in assessing our ability to service or incur indebtedness, and (iii) we use EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA internally as benchmarks to evaluate our operating performance or compare our performance to that of our
competitors.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables set forth reconciliations of net income to Adjusted Net Income and diluted net income per
share to Adjusted Diluted Net Income per Share:      
 
      23  

Table of Contents  

(a) 
 Includes costs associated with third-party consultants for one-time projects, public offering expenses and certain professional fees and transaction costs related to financing transactions. We could incur similar
expenses in future periods if we commence additional public offerings, financing transactions or other one-time projects.    

(b) 
 Reflects an estimate of recurring incremental legal, accounting, insurance and other operating and compliance costs we expect to incur as a public company in addition to actual amounts incurred. By its nature, this
adjustment involves risks and uncertainties, and the actual costs incurred could be different than this adjustment. No adjustments will be made beyond the second fiscal quarter 2016 since the one year anniversary of our initial public offering
( IPO ) occurred during the thirteen weeks ended June 26, 2016.    

(c) 
 Includes non-cash, stock-based compensation related to the vesting of certain performance-based stock option awards. We could incur similar expenses in future periods upon the achievement of the performance metrics
indicated in the stock option grants.    

(d) 
 Represents payroll taxes associated with stock option exercises related to stock options that were outstanding prior to our IPO. We expect to incur similar expenses in future periods when our directors or employees
exercise stock options that were outstanding prior to our IPO.    

(e) 
 Includes expenses incurred in connection with the transition to our new distributor.    

(f) 
 Represents severance and legal fees associated with a former executive s departure from the Company. Subsequent to September 25, 2016, we finalized the separation agreement with this former executive and incurred
approximately $0.1 million of additional legal fees and other related expenses during the thirteen weeks ending December 25, 2016.    

(g) 
 As a result of the enacted reductions to the North Carolina corporate income tax rate during both of the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, we adjusted our deferred income taxes by applying
the lower rate, which resulted in a corresponding decrease to income tax expense.    

(h) 
 Represents the income tax expense associated with the adjustments in (a) through (g) that are deductible for income tax purposes.    
 The following table sets forth reconciliations of net income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA:  

24  

Table of Contents  

(a) 
 Includes amortization of deferred debt issuance costs.    

(b) 
 Includes deferred rent, which represents the extent to which our rent expense has been above or below our cash rent payments, amortization of favorable (unfavorable) leases and closed store reserves for rent net of cash
payments. We expect to continue to incur similar expenses in future periods as we record rent expense in accordance with GAAP, as well as continue to amortize favorable (unfavorable) leases and record closed store reserves.    

(c) 
 Represents non-cash, stock-based compensation. We expect to incur similar expenses in future periods as we record stock-based compensation related to existing grants (and any potential future grants) in accordance with
GAAP.    

(d) 
 Represents payroll taxes associated with stock option exercises related to stock options that were outstanding prior to our IPO. We expect to incur similar expenses in future periods when our directors or employees
exercise stock options that were outstanding prior to our IPO.    

(e) 
 Includes expenses directly associated with the opening of company-operated restaurants and incurred prior to the opening of a company-operated restaurant. We expect to continue to incur similar expenses as we open
company-operated restaurants.    

(f) 
 Includes reimbursement of expenses to our sponsor prior to our IPO and compensation and expense reimbursement to members of our board prior to our IPO.    

(g) 
 Includes costs associated with third-party consultants for one-time projects, public offering expenses and certain professional fees and transaction costs related to financing transactions. We could incur similar
expenses in future periods if we commence additional public offerings, financing transactions or other one-time projects.    

(h) 
 Includes expenses incurred in connection with the transition to our new distributor.    

(i) 
 Represents severance and legal fees associated with a former executive s departure from the Company. Subsequent to September 25, 2016, we finalized the separation agreement with this former executive and incurred
approximately $0.1 million of additional legal fees and other related expenses during the thirteen weeks ending December 25, 2016.    

(j) 
 Includes loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment, impairment and cash proceeds on disposals from disposition of property and equipment. We could continue to record impairment expense in future periods if
performance of company-operated restaurants is not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the related long-lived assets. We expect to incur future losses (gains) and to receive cash proceeds on disposal of property and equipment associated
with retirement, replacement or write-off of fixed assets.        Restaurant Contribution and Restaurant Contribution Margin    
 Restaurant contribution and restaurant contribution margin are neither required by, nor presented in accordance with, GAAP. Restaurant contribution is defined
as company restaurant revenues less food and supplies costs, restaurant labor costs, and operating costs. We expect restaurant contribution to increase based on company-operated restaurants we open and our comparable restaurant sales growth.
Restaurant contribution margin is defined as restaurant contribution as a percentage of company restaurant revenues. Fluctuations in restaurant contribution and restaurant contribution margin can be attributed to company comparable restaurant sales,
sales volumes of newly opened company restaurants, and changes in company food and supplies costs, restaurant labor costs and operating costs.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  Restaurant contribution and restaurant contribution margin are supplemental measures of operating performance of
our company-operated restaurants and our calculations thereof may not be comparable to those reported by other companies. Restaurant contribution and restaurant contribution margin have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in
isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. We believe that restaurant contribution and restaurant contribution margin are important tools for investors as they are widely-used metrics within the restaurant
industry to evaluate restaurant-level productivity, efficiency and performance. We use restaurant contribution and restaurant contribution margin as key metrics to evaluate profitability and performance of our restaurants across periods and to
evaluate our restaurant financial performance compared to our competitors.    The following table reconciles our restaurant contribution to the line item on
the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income entitled  Company restaurant revenues,  which we believe is the most directly comparable GAAP measure on our condensed consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income.      
    Key Financial Definitions   
   Total Revenues      Our revenues are derived from two
primary sources: company restaurant revenues and franchise revenues. Franchise revenues are comprised of franchise royalty revenues and, to a lesser extent, other franchise revenues, which include initial and renewal franchisee fees.  
   Food and Supplies Costs      Food and supplies costs
include the direct costs associated with food, beverage and packaging of our menu items at company-operated restaurants. The components of food and supplies are variable in nature, change with sales volume, are affected by menu mix and are subject
to fluctuations in commodity costs.      Restaurant Labor Costs    
 Restaurant labor costs, including preopening labor, consist of company-operated restaurant-level management and hourly labor costs, including salaries, wages,
payroll taxes, workers  compensation expense, benefits and bonuses paid to our company-operated restaurant-level team members. Like other cost items, we expect restaurant labor costs at our company-operated restaurants to grow due to inflation
and as our company restaurant revenues grows. Factors that influence labor costs include minimum wage and employer payroll tax legislation, exempt versus non-exempt classification, a tightening labor market, employee turnover levels, health care
costs and the performance of our restaurants. In addition, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) has increased health care costs for our restaurants, and we expect the PPACA will continue to result in increased health
care costs for our restaurants in the future. We expect that the newly enacted Department of Labor ( DOL ) regulations related to overtime and exempt versus non-exempt classification that are scheduled to become effective December 1, 2016,
along with various labor initiatives we intend to implement, including table service and potentially employing more full-time versus part-time team members, will increase our restaurant labor costs.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

    Operating Costs    
 Restaurant operating costs include all other company-operated restaurant-level operating expenses, such as repairs and maintenance, utilities, credit and debit
card processing, occupancy expenses and other restaurant operating costs. In addition, our advertising costs are included in operating costs and are comprised of our company-operated restaurants  portion of spending on all advertising which
includes, but is not limited to, television, radio, social media, billboards, point-of-sale materials, sponsorships, and creation of media, such as commercials and marketing campaigns.  
   Company Restaurant Depreciation and Amortization    
 Company restaurant depreciation and amortization primarily consists of the depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets at the
restaurant level. We expect that growth in company-operated restaurant count, as well as restaurant remodels, investments in technology and other initiatives, will increase company restaurant depreciation and amortization.  
   General and Administrative Expenses      General and
administrative expenses include expenses associated with corporate and administrative functions that support our operations, including compensation and benefits, travel expense, stock-based compensation expense, legal and professional fees,
training, and other corporate costs. We expect we will incur incremental general and administrative expenses as a result of our IPO and as a public company.  
   Other Depreciation and Amortization      Other
depreciation and amortization primarily consists of the depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets not directly located at company-operated restaurants. We expect that growth in system-wide restaurant count, as well
investments in technology and other initiatives, will increase other depreciation and amortization.      Impairment    
 Long-lived assets such as property, equipment and intangible assets are reviewed on a unit-by-unit basis for impairment. When circumstances indicate the
carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable, an appropriate impairment is recorded. Impairments could increase if performance of company-operated restaurants is not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the related long-lived assets.
     Loss (Gain) on Disposal of Property and Equipment    
 Loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment includes the net loss (gain) on disposal of assets related to retirements and replacements or write-off of
leasehold improvements, equipment and other fixed assets. These losses (gains) are related to normal disposals in the ordinary course of business and gains from insurance proceeds, if any.  
   Amortization of Deferred Debt Issuance Costs    
 Deferred debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the related debt on the effective interest method.  
   Interest Expense      Interest expense primarily
consists of interest on our debt outstanding under our credit facility and capital lease obligations.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

    Income Taxes    
 Income taxes represent federal, state, and local current and deferred income tax expense.  
  Results of Operations       Thirteen Weeks Ended
September 25, 2016 Compared with the Thirteen Weeks Ended September 27, 2015      Our operating results for the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016
and September 27, 2015 are compared below:      
     Company Restaurant Revenues    
 Company restaurant revenues increased $8.8 million, or 7.5%, during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended September
27, 2015. The growth in company restaurant revenues was primarily due to an increase in the non-comparable restaurant base (net additions of 27 company-operated restaurants as of September 25, 2016 compared to September 27, 2015) accounting for $9.1
million, partially offset by a decrease in comparable company restaurant sales of $0.3 million, or 0.2%, composed of a decrease in transactions, partially offset by increases in price at our comparable restaurants.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

    Franchise Royalty Revenues    
 Franchise royalty revenues increased $0.3 million during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015.
The increase was primarily due to a net additional 15 franchised restaurants at September 25, 2016 compared to September 27, 2015 and franchised comparable restaurant sales growth of 1.4%.  
   Other Franchise Revenues      Other franchise revenues
decreased $0.2 million during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to the timing of the opening of franchised restaurants.  
   Food and Supplies Costs      Food and supplies costs
increased $2.1 million during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in company restaurant revenues. Food and supplies costs as a
percentage of company restaurant revenues during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 was 31.1% versus 31.7% during the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. This percentage decrease was primarily due to our menu price increases and lower
commodity costs.      Restaurant Labor Costs    
 Company-operated restaurant labor costs increased $2.7 million during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended
September 27, 2015, primarily due to higher company restaurant revenues as a result of an increase in the number of company-operated restaurants. As a percentage of company restaurant revenues, restaurant labor costs increased to 27.8% during the
thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 from 27.6% during the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in direct labor, partially offset by lower medical claims, incentive compensation and payroll
taxes.    We expect our restaurant labor costs will continue to increase due to the tightening labor market, as well as certain labor initiatives across
company-operated restaurants, including the expansion of our table service and potentially increasing the number of full-time versus part-time team members. In addition, we expect that our restaurant labor costs will increase as a result of the
newly enacted DOL regulations related to overtime and exempt versus non-exempt classification that are scheduled to become effective December 1, 2016.  
   Operating Costs      Operating costs increased $2.7
million during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015, primarily due to higher company restaurant revenues. As a percentage of company restaurant revenues, operating costs increased to
22.7% during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 from 22.1% during the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. Operating costs as a percentage of company restaurant revenues increased primarily due to higher occupancy and utilities costs.
     Restaurant Depreciation and Amortization    
 Restaurant depreciation and amortization increased $0.2 million during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended
September 27, 2015, due primarily to the increased number of company-operated restaurants and our new point-of-sale system. As a percentage of company restaurant revenues, depreciation and amortization was 2.6% and 2.5% during the thirteen weeks
ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

    General and Administrative Expenses    
 General and administrative expenses decreased $0.8 million during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended September
27, 2015. The decrease was due primarily to $0.8 million of lower incentive compensation and $0.3 million of lower executive separation expenses during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016, partially offset by headcount added to support an
increased number of restaurants in our system. As a percentage of total revenues, general and administrative expenses were 7.0% and 8.1% during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively.  
 We expect our recurring general and administrative expenses will increase as we grow our business and incur additional expenses related to being a newer
public company.      Interest Expense      Interest
expense decreased $0.2 million during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. The decrease was due primarily to principal payments of $38.7 million on our long-term debt from
September 27, 2015 to September 25, 2016 and a reduction in our applicable rate, partially offset by an increase in the LIBOR rate and interest expense associated with interest rate swaps.  
   Income Taxes      Income taxes increased $0.8 million
during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. Our effective income tax rates were 29.1% and 27.4% during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively.
The effective income tax rate for both of the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 was impacted by a deferred income tax benefit due to a reduction in the North Carolina corporate income tax rate and the recognition of
certain tax credits. 
      30  

Table of Contents  

    Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 25, 2016 Compared with the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 27, 2015
     Our operating results for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 are compared below:  
   
   n/m = not meaningful  
   Company Restaurant Revenues      Company restaurant
revenues increased $32.5 million, or 9.6%, during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015. The growth in company restaurant revenues was primarily due to an increase in comparable
company restaurant sales of $3.5 million, or 1.1%, composed of increases in price and transactions at our comparable restaurants, and an increase in the non-comparable restaurant base (net additions of 27 company-operated restaurants as of
September 25, 2016 compared to September 27, 2015) accounting for $29.0 million.      Franchise Royalty Revenues    
 Franchise royalty revenues increased $0.8 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27,
2015. The increase was primarily due to a net additional 15 franchised restaurants at September 25, 2016 compared to September 27, 2015 and franchised comparable restaurant sales growth of 0.9%.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    Other Franchise Revenues    
 Other franchise revenues decreased $0.3 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27,
2015. The decrease was primarily due to the timing of the opening of franchised restaurants.      Food and Supplies Costs    
 Food and supplies costs increased $6.4 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27,
2015. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in company restaurant revenues. Food and supplies costs as a percentage of company restaurant revenues during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 was 31.4% versus 32.5% during the
thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015. This percentage decrease was primarily due to our menu price increases and lower commodity costs.  
   Restaurant Labor Costs      Company-operated
restaurant labor costs increased $8.9 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015, primarily due to higher company restaurant revenues as a result of an increase in the
number of company-operated restaurants. As a percentage of company restaurant revenues, restaurant labor costs decreased to 27.6% during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 from 27.7% during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015.
This decrease was primarily driven by lower medical claims, incentive compensation and payroll taxes, partially offset by an increase in direct labor costs.  
 We expect our restaurant labor costs will continue to increase due to the tightening labor market, as well as certain labor initiatives across
company-operated restaurants, including the expansion of our table service and potentially increasing the number of full-time versus part-time team members. In addition, we expect our restaurant labor costs will increase as a result of the newly
enacted DOL regulations related to overtime and exempt versus non-exempt classification that are scheduled to become effective December 1, 2016.  
   Operating Costs      Operating costs increased $9.5
million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015, primarily due to higher company restaurant revenues. As a percentage of company restaurant revenues, operating costs increased
to 22.5% for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 from 21.8% in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to higher occupancy costs.  
   Restaurant Depreciation and Amortization    
 Restaurant depreciation and amortization increased $1.1 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended
September 27, 2015, due primarily to the increased number of company-operated restaurants and our new point-of-sale system. As a percentage of company restaurant revenues, depreciation and amortization was 2.5% during both of the thirty-nine weeks
ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015.      General and Administrative Expenses    
 General and administrative expenses decreased $4.5 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended
September 27, 2015. The decrease was due primarily to $4.5 million in legal, accounting and other expenses incurred during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015 directly related to public offering expenses, $0.8 million of lower stock-based
compensation expense primarily as a result of the vesting of certain performance awards during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015 and  
      32  

Table of Contents  

$0.5 million of lower meetings and convention expenses primarily due to our bi-annual franchise convention and unit director leadership conference occurring during the thirty-nine weeks ended
September 27, 2015, partially offset by headcount added to support an increased number of restaurants in our system and additional costs as a result of operating as a public company. As a percentage of total revenues, general and administrative
expenses were 7.2% and 9.1% during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively.    We expect our recurring
general and administrative expenses will increase as we grow our business and incur additional expenses related to being a newer public company.  
   Interest Expense      Interest expense decreased $0.6
million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015. The decrease was due primarily to principal payments of $38.7 million on our long-term debt from September 27, 2015 to
September 25, 2016 and a reduction in our applicable rate, partially offset by an increase in the LIBOR rate and interest expense associated with interest rate swaps.  
   Income Taxes      Income taxes increased $2.5 million
during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015. Our effective income tax rates were 33.4% and 38.0% during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015,
respectively. The effective income tax rate for both of the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015 was impacted by a deferred income tax benefit due to a reduction in the North Carolina corporate income tax rate and the
recognition of certain tax credits. The effective income tax rate for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015 was also impacted by costs related to the IPO that were not deductible for income tax purposes. 
  Contractual Obligations     During the thirty-nine weeks
ended September 25, 2016, there were no material changes to the contractual obligations as disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015, other than those made in the ordinary course of business.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     We have guaranteed
through 2018 debt from a previous credit facility which was assumed by a franchisee. We may be required to perform this guarantee in the event of default or nonperformance by this franchisee. We have determined that default by the franchisee is
unlikely due to its timely and consistent payments and have therefore not recorded a liability for the debt assumed by this franchisee on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of debt covered by this additional guarantee by
us was approximately $0.1 million at both September 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015.     Emerging Growth Company   
 We are an  emerging growth company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act
of 2012, or the JOBS Act (the  JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth
companies,  including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our
periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and of stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an  emerging growth company  can take advantage
of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933 for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an  emerging growth company  can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption, and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other
public companies that are not  emerging growth companies.     We will remain an  emerging growth company  until the earliest of (a)
December 27, 2020, (b) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (c) the date that we become a  large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (d) the
date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities in the preceding three-year period.     Critical Accounting Policies
and Use of Estimates     Our discussion and analysis of operating results and financial condition are based upon our financial statements. The preparation
of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our
estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis.  
 Accounting policies are an integral part of our financial statements. A thorough understanding of these accounting policies is essential when reviewing our
reported results of operations and our financial position. Management believes that the critical accounting policies and estimates discussed herein involve the most difficult management judgments due to the sensitivity of the methods and assumptions
used. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-Q.    There
have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015.  
  New Accounting Standards     In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ). This update was issued to replace the current revenue recognition
guidance, creating a more comprehensive revenue model. This update was originally to be effective in fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early application was not permitted. In July 2015, the FASB affirmed its proposal to defer the
effective date by one year to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The FASB also affirmed its proposal to permit early adoption of the standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016. We are currently
evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements.    In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Inventory
(Topic 330)  ( ASU 2015-11 ). The pronouncement was issued to simplify the measurement of inventory and changes the measurement from lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value. This pronouncement is effective for
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2015-11 is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). ASU 2016-02 is a comprehensive new standard that amends
various aspects of existing guidance for leases and requires additional disclosures about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 will require companies to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating
leases under previous GAAP. ASU 2016-02 retains a  
      34  

Table of Contents  

distinction between finance leases and operating leases. The classification criteria for distinguishing between finance leases and operating leases are substantially similar to the classification
criteria for distinguishing between capital leases and operating leases in the previous guidance relating to leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.    In March
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ) ,  which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions. ASU 2016-09
addresses several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows.
ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on our
consolidated financial statements.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Our primary requirements for liquidity and capital are new company-operated restaurants, existing restaurant capital investments (remodels and maintenance),
information technology investments, principal and interest payments on our term debt and capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations and working capital and general corporate needs. Our customers pay for their purchases in cash or by
payment card (credit or debit) at the time of sale. Therefore, we are able to sell many of our inventory items before we have to pay our suppliers for such items. Our restaurants do not require significant inventories or receivables. We have
accounts receivable from our franchisees, which are primarily related to royalty revenues, as well as from certain vendors.    Our growth plan is dependent
upon many factors, including economic conditions, real estate markets, restaurant locations and the nature of our lease agreements. Our capital expenditure outlays are also dependent on costs for maintenance in our existing restaurants as well as
information technology and other general corporate expenditures. We primarily utilize build-to-suit developments and equipment financing leases for our new company-operated restaurants, requiring minimal upfront cash investment. While we currently
primarily utilize a build-to-suit development strategy combined with equipment financing leases, our new restaurant strategy may change over time.    We
currently expect that our capital expenditures for 2016 will range between $12.5 million and $13.5 million excluding approximately $1.7 million to $1.8 million of restaurant preopening costs for restaurants that are not capitalized. These capital
estimates are based on restaurant capital expenditures for the opening of 28 to 29 company-operated restaurants as well as investments to remodel and improve our existing restaurants, investments in technology and expenditures for general corporate
purposes.    We believe that cash and cash equivalents and expected cash flow from operations are adequate to fund debt service requirements, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations, capital expenditures and working capital needs for at least the next twelve months. However, our ability to continue to meet these requirements and obligations will depend on, among other things, our ability
to achieve anticipated levels of revenues and cash flow from operations, our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully and the continued availability of build-to-suit and equipment financing leases for our new company-operated
restaurants. We have used excess cash flows to make payments on our outstanding long-term debt in advance of the required due date, and we may continue to do so in future periods. 
      35  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents summary cash flow information for the periods indicated (in thousands):  
   
     Operating Activities    
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased from $33.1 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015 to $42.8 million during the
thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in cash generated from our operations due to the net increase in company-operated restaurants, an increase in franchise royalty revenues and an
increase in comparable restaurant sales, as well as the costs associated with our IPO incurred during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015.  
   Investing Activities      Net cash used in investing
activities decreased from $8.7 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015 to $6.0 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016. The decrease was primarily attributable to a reduction in purchases of property
and equipment.      Financing Activities      Net cash
used in financing activities increased from $22.5 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015 to $31.6 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016. This increase was primarily due to $10.7 million and $1.1 million
of higher principal payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations, respectively, partially offset by a $0.8 million increase in proceeds received from the exercises of stock options and a $1.3 million increase in the associated excess tax
benefit, as well as $0.6 million of debt issuance costs incurred during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015.     Debt and Other Obligations
      Credit Agreement      On October 9, 2012, we
entered into a credit agreement ( Credit Agreement ) with several financial institutions. The Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all of our assets and originally provided for borrowings under a term loan of $175.0 million and a
revolving credit facility of $25.0 million, with a maturity date of October 9, 2017. In May 2013, we amended the Credit Agreement to provide for an additional $50.0 million term loan, the proceeds of which were used to fund a distribution to the
holders of our Series A preferred stock. In April 2014, we further amended the Credit Agreement to provide for an additional $50.0 million term loan, the proceeds of which were also used to fund a distribution to the holders of our Series A
preferred stock, and to extend the maturity date to October 9, 2018. On July 23, 2015, we amended the Credit Agreement in order to permit the merger of BHI Intermediate Holding Corp., our former wholly owned subsidiary, into us. On September 25,
2015, we further amended the Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend the maturity date on the Credit Agreement to October 9, 2020 and lower the applicable interest rate. On October 19, 2016, we further amended the Credit Agreement to, among
other things, increase allowable indebtedness associated with capital lease obligations, synthetic lease obligations and purchase money obligations, as well as to increase allowable cash capital expenditures during each fiscal year. We had $170.5
million of outstanding term loans and no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility as of September 25, 2016.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are allowed under base rate and Eurodollar rate loans. Base rate loans bear
interest at the higher of (1) the Bank of America prime rate, (2) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50%, or (3) the LIBOR rate for one-month loans plus 1.00% and an applicable rate. Eurodollar rate loans may be entered or converted into one-, two-,
three-, or six-month periods and are charged interest at the LIBOR rate on the effective date for the period selected, plus an applicable rate. As of September 25, 2016, all of our outstanding term loan debt was in one-month Eurodollar loans with an
interest rate of approximately 2.77%.      Debt Covenants    
 Our Credit Agreement contains various covenants that, among other things, do not allow us to exceed a maximum consolidated total lease adjusted leverage ratio,
require us to maintain a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, and place certain limitations on cash capital expenditures. We were in compliance with all of the covenants under our Credit Agreement as of September 25, 2016.  
   Hedging Arrangements      In connection with our
Credit Agreement, as of September 25, 2016, we have three variable-to-fixed interest rate swap agreements to manage fluctuations in cash flows resulting from changes in the benchmark interest rate of LIBOR. On May 17, 2013, we entered into an
interest rate swap contract with a notional amount of $50.0 million, an effective date of November 30, 2015 and a termination date of September 29, 2017, under which we pay interest fixed at 1.3325% and receive the one-month LIBOR rate. Also on May
17, 2013, we entered into a separate interest rate swap contract with an effective date of May 31, 2013, a termination date of May 31, 2017 and a notional amount of $25.0 million, under which we pay interest fixed at 0.70125% and receive the
one-month LIBOR rate. On October 26, 2015, we entered into another interest rate swap contract with an effective date of October 30, 2015, a termination date of October 31, 2019 and a notional amount of $50.0 million, under which we pay interest
fixed at 1.115% and receive the one-month LIBOR rate.      

Item 3.   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk         Inflation Risk   
 The primary inflationary factors affecting our operations are food and supplies, labor costs, energy costs and materials used in the construction of new
company-operated restaurants. Increases in the minimum wage directly affect our labor costs and the PPACA has increased our health insurance costs beginning in fiscal 2015. In addition to the factors we can control that could increase labor costs,
such as our labor initiatives, we expect that a tightening labor market, as well as the newly enacted DOL regulations related to overtime and exempt versus non-exempt classification that are scheduled to become effective December 1, 2016 will also
increase our restaurant labor costs. Our leases require us to pay taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance and utilities, all of which are generally subject to inflationary increases. Finally, the cost of constructing our restaurants is subject to
inflationary increases in the costs of labor and material which results in higher rent expense on new restaurants.     Interest Rate Risk   
 Interest rate risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in the level of interest rates and the spread between different interest rates. We are
exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates on our debt, which bears interest at variable rates. As of September 25, 2016, we had outstanding borrowings of $170.5 million under our Credit Agreement. As of September 25, 2016, $125.0
million of our outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement were covered by interest rate swaps that effectively fix the interest rate on those borrowings for certain periods of time. A 1.00% increase in the effective interest rate applied to
our borrowings currently subject to variable interest rates would result in a pre-tax interest expense increase of $0.5 million on an annualized basis.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

  Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and
international economic factors and other factors beyond our control. Debt under our Credit Agreement has floating interest rates. We are exposed to changes in the level of interest rates and to changes in the relationship or spread between interest
rates for our floating rate debt. Our floating rate debt requires payments based on a variable interest rate index such as LIBOR. Therefore, increases in interest rates may reduce our net income by increasing the cost of our debt. However, we seek
to mitigate our floating interest rate risk on the long-term debt under our Credit Agreement by entering into fixed pay interest rate derivatives on a portion of the long-term debt under our Credit Agreement, as discussed above under  Debt and
Other Obligations   Hedging Arrangements .     Commodity Market Risk   
 We purchase certain products that are affected by commodity prices and are, therefore, subject to price volatility caused by weather, market conditions and
other factors which are not considered predictable or within our control. Although these products are subject to changes in commodity prices, certain purchasing contracts or pricing arrangements contain risk management techniques designed to
minimize price volatility. The purchasing contracts and pricing arrangements we use may result in unconditional purchase obligations, which are not reflected in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Typically, we use these types of purchasing
techniques to control costs as an alternative to directly managing financial instruments to hedge commodity prices. In many cases, we believe we will be able to address material commodity cost increases by adjusting our menu pricing or promotional
mix, or changing our product delivery strategy. However, increases in commodity prices, without adjustments to our menu prices, could increase food and supplies costs as a percentage of company restaurant revenues and customers may react negatively
to increases in our menu prices which could adversely impact customer traffic and revenues.     Credit Risk   
 Credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from non-performance or non-payment by counterparties pursuant to the terms of their contractual obligations.
Risks surrounding counterparty performance and credit could ultimately impact the amount and timing of expected cash flows.    Certain financial instruments
potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk. These financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts and vendor receivables. We place our cash and cash equivalents with high-credit, quality financial
institutions. At times, the balances in the accounts exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.    Concentration of credit
risk with respect to receivables is primarily limited to franchisees, which are primarily located in the Southeastern United States, and vendors. Royalty revenues from three franchisees, one of which is a related party, accounted for approximately
44% of our total franchise royalty revenues for each of the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016 and September 27, 2015, and approximately 44% of our total franchise royalty revenues for each of the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016
and September 27, 2015. Royalty and franchise fee accounts receivable from three franchisees, one of which is a related party, accounted for approximately 42% and 44% of our gross royalty and franchise fee accounts receivable as of
September 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015, respectively. We continually evaluate and monitor the credit history of our franchisees and believe we have an adequate allowance for bad debts.  

Item 4.   
   Controls and Procedures         Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 12a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 25, 2016.     Changes in Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting     There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the thirteen weeks ended September 25, 2016
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

     PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
   Legal Proceedings        We are subject to various claims and litigation that arise in the normal
course of business. Management is of the opinion that, although the outcome of the litigation cannot be predicted with any certainty, the ultimate liability, if any, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.      

Item 1A.   
   Risk Factors        Except with respect to the amended and restated risk factor below, there have been
no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015.      If we or our
franchisees face labor shortages or increased labor costs, our results of operations and our growth could be adversely affected.      Labor is a
primary component in the cost of operating our company-operated and franchised restaurants. If we or our franchisees face labor shortages or increased labor costs because of increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover rates,
unionization of restaurant workers, or increases in the federally-mandated or state-mandated minimum wage, change in exempt and non-exempt status, or other employee benefits costs (including costs associated with health insurance coverage or
workers  compensation insurance), our and our franchisees  operating expenses could increase and our growth could be adversely affected.    We
have a substantial number of hourly employees who are paid wage rates at or based on the applicable federal or state minimum wage and increases in the minimum wage will increase our labor costs and the labor costs of our franchisees. The federal
minimum wage has been $7.25 per hour since July 24, 2009. Federally-mandated, state-mandated or locally-mandated minimum wages may be raised in the future. Since January 1, 2014, lawmakers in twelve states and the District of Columbia have passed
legislation to increase the state minimum wage. We may be unable to increase our menu prices in order to pass future increased labor costs on to our customers, in which case our margins would be negatively affected. Also, reduced margins of
franchisees could make it more difficult to sell franchises. If menu prices are increased by us and our franchisees to cover increased labor costs, the higher prices could adversely affect transactions which could lower sales and thereby reduce our
margins and the royalties that we receive from franchisees.    In addition, our success depends in part upon our and our franchisees  ability to
attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of well-qualified restaurant operators, management personnel and other employees. Qualified individuals needed to fill these positions can be in short supply in some geographic areas, and in fiscal
2015 some of our stores experienced increased competition for qualified employees. In addition, limited service restaurants have traditionally experienced relatively high employee turnover rates. Our turnover increased in fiscal 2015 at
company-operated restaurants and has continued to increase during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 25, 2016. Although we have not yet experienced any significant problems in recruiting employees, our and our franchisees  ability to recruit
and retain such individuals may delay the planned openings of new restaurants or result in higher employee turnover in existing restaurants, which could increase our and our franchisees  labor costs and have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we or our franchisees are unable to recruit and retain sufficiently qualified individuals, our business and our growth could be adversely affected. Competition for these
employees could require us or our franchisees to pay higher wages, which could also result in higher labor costs.    Finally, labor initiatives we or our
franchisees implement across company-operated and franchised restaurants influence our labor costs. Certain initiatives, such as the expansion of our table service at company-operated restaurants, will increase our labor costs and overall operating
expenses, which could adversely affect our growth. Changing the mix of full-time and part-time team members is another labor initiative that will influence our labor costs. Increasing our full-time team members at company-operated restaurants and/or
franchised restaurants relative to part-time team members will result in higher labor costs for us and/or our franchisees, which could adversely affect our growth.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.   
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds        None.  

Item 3.   
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities        None.  

Item 4.   
   Mine Safety Disclosures        Not applicable.  

Item 5.   
   Other Information        On November 1, 2016, Bojangles  Restaurants, Inc., our operating
subsidiary ( Restaurants ), and Clifton Rutledge, our President and Chief Executive Officer, entered into an amendment to Mr. Rutledge s Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated December 18, 2014 (the  Rutledge
Agreement ). The amendment clarifies the authority of our board over Mr. Rutledge and specifies that amendments to the Rutledge Agreement may only be adopted with the approval of our board or its delegate. The amendment also provides
that expiration of the Rutledge Agreement due to non-renewal by Restaurants will trigger the same severance benefits under that agreement as a termination by Restaurants without cause or a resignation by Mr. Rutledge with good reason. Finally,
the amendment eliminates the severance offset previously contained in the Rutledge Agreement, such that the severance benefit payable under that agreement upon termination without cause, a resignation with good reason or a non-renewal by Restaurants
will in each case be equal to one times Mr. Rutledge s annual base salary. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the amendment, which is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-Q and
incorporated herein by reference.      

Item 6.   
   Exhibits        The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report are listed in the exhibit index
immediately preceding such exhibits, which exhibit index is incorporated herein by reference.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURE   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.    Date: November 4, 2016       

Bojangles , Inc.  

By: 
   
   /s/ M. John Jordan   

M. John Jordan   

Senior Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory)   

42  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       

Exhibit  
  No.   
    
    Description    

10.1   
    
 Second Amendment to Master Distribution Agreement between McLane Foodservice, Inc. and Bojangles  Restaurants, Inc. dated as of September 7, 2016. *  

10.2 
    
 Amendment No. 5 dated as of October 19, 2016 between Bojangles , Inc., Bojangles  Restaurants, Inc., Bojangles  International, LLC, BJ Georgia, LLC, BJ Restaurant Development, LLC, the lender parties thereto and Bank
of America, N.A., as administrative agent. *  

10.3 # 
    
 Amendment #1 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Bojangles  Inc. and Clifton W. Rutledge, dated November 1, 2016. *  

31.1 
    
 Certification as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

31.2 
    
 Certification as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

32.1 
    
 Certification required by 18 United States Code Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2 
    
 Certification required by 18 United States Code Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101 
    
 Sections of the Bojangles , Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 25, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language), submitted in the following files:  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

* 
 Filed herewith    

Indicates confidential treatment as to certain portions of this exhibit have been requested or granted. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the SEC.    

# 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    

Furnished herewith    
      43  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d257400dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
 * CONFIDENTIAL TREATEMENT REQUESTED. CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATEDLY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  
   SECOND AMENDMENT TO MASTER DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT    
 This Second Amendment to Master Distribution Agreement is entered into effective as of September 7, 2016 by and between Bojangles 
Restaurants, Inc. (  Company  ) and McLane Foodservice, Inc. (  McLane  ), and amends the Master Distribution Agreement between them dated September 9, 2015 (as previously amended by Amendment to Master Distribution
Agreement dated October 20, 2015, the   Agreement  ).    1.     Defined Terms . Each
capitalized term used in this amendment without definition has the meaning given to that term in the Agreement.  
 2.     Amendment of Agreement . Effective as of the date first written above:  
 (a)    The third paragraph of Section 2 of  Schedule 1  to the Agreement is amended by deleting the reference to
 October 30, 2016  and replacing it with  November 1, 2017.     (b)    The sentence in  Schedule
5  to the Agreement that reads, * is deleted and replaced with the following sentence: *.    (c)    The second
sentence of Section 2 of  Schedule 1  to the Agreement is amended by deleting the reference to  and *-day payment terms will not be applied during the initial 12 months following the Effective Date  and replacing it with  will
not be applied and will be waived until *.     3.      Miscellaneous .  
 (a)    This amendment is limited as specified and does not constitute a modification, amendment or waiver of any other
provision of the Agreement. Except as specifically amended by this amendment, the Agreement remains in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed.  
 (b)    This amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which is to be deemed an original, and all of which
constitute one and the same instrument.    (c)    The laws of the state of Texas, other than its conflict of law rules,
govern this amendment.    * CONFIDENTIAL TREATEMENT REQUESTED. CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATEDLY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION.  

The parties have entered into this amendment as of the date first written above.  

Bojangles  Restaurants, Inc.  
   
  McLane Foodservice, Inc.   

By: 
   
  /s/ Eric M. Newman  
   
 By: 
   
  /s/ Susan Adzick   

Name: 
   
  Eric M. Newman  
   
 Name: 
   
  Susan Adzick   

Title: 
   
  Executive Vice President  
   
 Title: 
   
  Vice President, Sales   Marketing   

Date: 
   
  September 9, 2016  
   
 Date: 
   
  September 7, 2016   
 
      -2-  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 d257400dex102.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10.2 

Exhibit 10.2   
  EXECUTION VERSION   
  AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT   
  AND      AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO
SECURITY AGREEMENT     This Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement dated as of October 19, 2016
(this   Amendment  ), is among  BOJANGLES  RESTAURANTS, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the   Borrower  ),  BOJANGLES , INC. , a Delaware corporation (as successor in interest to BHI Intermediate
Holding Corp.) (  Holdings  ),  BOJANGLES  INTERNATIONAL, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company,  BJ GEORGIA, LLC , a Georgia limited liability company,  BJ RESTAURANT DEVELOPMENT, LLC , a North Carolina
limited liability company, each lender party hereto (collectively, the   Lenders   and individually, a   Lender  ) and  BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as administrative agent (the   Administrative Agent  )
for the Secured Parties (under and as defined in the Credit Agreement as defined below), L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender.     W 
 I   T   N   E   S   S   E   T   H :     WHEREAS , reference is made to (a) the Credit
Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2012 (as amended, amended and restated, restated, extended, supplemented, modified and otherwise in effect on the date hereof, the   Credit Agreement  ) among,  inter alios , the Borrower,
Holdings, each lender from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent and (b) the Security Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2012 (as amended, amended and restated, restated, extended, supplemented, modified and otherwise in effect on
the date hereof, the   Security Agreement  ) among,  inter alios , the Borrower, Holdings, the Guarantors, each grantor from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent; and  
  WHEREAS , subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to amend
certain provisions of the Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement as herein set forth.     NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the
foregoing recitals, mutual agreements contained herein and for good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree
as follows:      1.       Defined Terms   .    Terms not otherwise defined herein
which are defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the same respective meanings herein as therein. 
   2.       Amendments to the Credit Agreement   .  Subject to the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in  Section 4  of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows:  
 (a)     Clause (f)  of  Section 7.02  to the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the
amount  $25,000,000  contained therein and substituting the number  $35,000,000  in lieu thereof; and  

(b)     Section 7.12  to the Credit Agreement is hereby
amended by (i) deleting the amount  $15,000,000  contained therein and substituting the number  $30,000,000  in lieu thereof and (ii) deleting the amount  $7,500,000  contained therein and substituting the number
 $15,000,000  in lieu thereof.      3.       Amendments to Security
Agreement   .    Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in  Section 4  of this Amendment, the Security Agreement is hereby amended as follows:  
 (a)     Section 1  of the Security Agreement is hereby amended to add the following paragraph at the
end thereof:     The term  Franchisee Loans , as used herein, shall mean one or more loans made by the
Borrower or any other Grantor for the benefit of its franchisees in connection with the purchase and upgrade of information technology, including, without limitation, point of sale software and equipment, loyalty applications and mobile ordering and
payment technology.    (b)     Section 4.1  of the Security Agreement is hereby amended by
amending and restating the first parenthetical as follows:     (other than (a) any such promissory notes or tangible chattel paper with
a value, either individually or in the aggregate, of less than $100,000 and (b) any such promissory notes received by any Grantor in connection with the Franchisee Loans which in the aggregate do not exceed $3,500,000)   
   4.       Conditions to Effectiveness  . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent or concurrent (the first date all such conditions are satisfied is herein referred to as the   Amendment No. 5 Effective Date  ):  
 (a)    this Amendment shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and the Lenders to the
Administrative Agent;    (b)    the representations and warranties set forth in  Section     5 
hereof shall be true and correct; and    (c)    the Borrower shall have paid on or prior to the Amendment No. 5
Effective Date all reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (or directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid in accordance with  Section 11.04  of
the Credit Agreement to the extent invoiced at least two (2) days prior to the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date (for the avoidance of doubt, a summary statement of such fees, charges and disbursements shall be sufficient documentation for the
obligations set forth in this  Section 4(c) ).  
      2  

5.       Representations and Warranties  . To
induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that:  
 (a)    the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate
action on the part of the Loan Parties; this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Loan Parties; and this Amendment constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Loan Parties, enforceable against the Loan Parties in accordance with
its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles;  
 (b)    immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, no
Default or Event of Default is in existence;    (c)    the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained
in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be true and correct as of the date hereof, with the same effect as though made on such date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in
which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this clause (c) the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.05(a) and (b) of the Credit Agreement
shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b), respectively, of the Credit Agreement; and  
 (d)    except as expressly amended hereby, the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby), the other Loan Documents and all
documents, instruments and agreements related thereto, are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. The Credit Agreement, together with this Amendment, shall be read and construed as a single
agreement. All references in the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall hereafter refer to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document as amended hereby.  
     6.       Reaffirmation; Continued Validity of the Loan Documents   .  Except as
specifically modified by this Amendment, the Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect. Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges the provisions of this Amendment and hereby confirms that the Obligations are and remain secured pursuant to
the Loan Documents (as modified by this Amendment) and pursuant to all other instruments and documents executed and delivered by such Loan Party (in each case, as modified by this Amendment) as security for the Obligations. Each Loan Party
hereby affirms to the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party its grant of a continuing security interest and lien on, and hereby grants a security interest and lien on, all of the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent and each Secured
Party, in each case, subject to no other Liens (other than Liens permitted by  Section 7.01  of the Credit Agreement). Each of the Loan Documents and this Amendment shall be read and construed as a single agreement and each Loan Party
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents to which it is a party as modified hereby. All references in each of the Loan Documents or any related agreement or instrument to the Loan Documents shall hereafter refer to
each of the Loan Documents as modified hereby.  
      3  

7.       Miscellaneous  .  
 (a)     Loan Documents . Except as expressly provided in this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the
Credit Agreement, the Collateral Documents and the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified. The Borrower hereby reconfirms its obligations pursuant to the Credit Agreement to pay and reimburse the
Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties for all costs and expenses (including without limitation, the fees and expenses of its counsel) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment to the
extent required by  Section 11.04  of the Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document.  
 (b)     Limitation of this Amendment . The amendments set forth herein are effective solely for the purposes set
forth herein and shall be limited precisely as written. Except as expressly provided herein, this Amendment shall not be deemed to (i) be a consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of any other term or condition of the Credit Agreement
or any other Loan Document, or (ii) operate as a waiver or otherwise prejudice any right, power or remedy that the Administrative Agent or Lenders may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other
Loan Document, except as specifically set forth herein. Upon the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, (x) each reference in the Credit Agreement to  this Agreement ,  herein ,  hereof  and words of like import and each
reference in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement shall mean the Credit Agreement as amended hereby and (y) each reference in the Security Agreement to  this Agreement ,  herein ,  hereof 
and words of like import and each reference in the Security Agreement and the Loan Documents to the Security Agreement shall mean the Security Agreement as amended hereby. This Amendment shall be construed in connection with and as part of each
of the Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement, as applicable.    (c)     Captions . Section captions used
in this Amendment are for convenience only, and shall not affect the construction of this Amendment.  
 (d)     Governing Law . This Amendment shall be a contract made under and governed by the laws of the State of
New York, without regard to conflict of laws principles (other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law). Whenever possible each provision of this Amendment shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Amendment shall be prohibited by or invalid under such law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such
provision or the remaining provisions of this Amendment.    (e)     Counterparts . This Amendment may be
executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties on separate counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same
Amendment. Receipt by facsimile or electronic transmission of any executed signature page to this Amendment shall constitute effective delivery of such signature page.  
 (f)     Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the sole benefit of the
Loan Parties, Administrative Agent and Secured Parties and their respective successors and assigns.  
      4  

(g)     References . Any reference to the Credit Agreement or the
Security Agreement contained in any notice, request, certificate, or other document executed concurrently with or after the execution and delivery of this Amendment shall be deemed to include this Amendment unless the context shall otherwise
require.    [ Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank. ]  
      5  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and
delivered as of the date first above written.       

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent  

By: 
   
   /s/ Rhonda L. Baughn   
 
 Name: 
   
 Rhonda L. Baughn  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

[Bojangles - Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and    Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement]  

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a Lender, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender  

By: 
   
   /s/ Rhonda L. Baughn   
 
 Name: 
   
 Rhonda L. Baughn  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

[Bojangles - Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and    Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement]  

CADENCE BANK , as a Lender  

By: 
   
   /s/ John M. Huss   
 
 Name: 
   
 John M. Huss  
 
 Title: 
   
 Managing Director  

[Bojangles - Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and    Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement]  

FIFTH THIRD BANK,  as a Lender  

By: 
   
   /s/ Jodie R. Ayres   
 
 Name: 
   
 Jodie R. Ayres  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

[Bojangles - Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and    Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement]  

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  as a Lender  

By: 
   
   /s/ Marianne T. Meil   
 
 Name: 
   
 Marriane T. Meil  
 
 Title: 
   
 Senior Vice President  

[Bojangles - Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and    Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement]  

REGIONS BANK, N.A. , as a Lender  

By: 
   
   /s/ Jake Nash   
 
 Name: 
   
 Jake Nash  
 
 Title: 
   
 Managing Director  

[Bojangles - Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and    Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement]  

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,  as a Lender  

By: 
   
   /s/ Anthony Pistilli   
 
 Name: 
   
 Anthony Pistilli  
 
 Title: 
   
 Authorized Signatory  

[Bojangles - Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and    Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement]  

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender  

By: 
   
   /s/ Maureen Malphus   
 
 Name: 
   
 Maureen Malphus  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  

[Bojangles - Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and    Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement]  

Accepted and Agreed:  

BOJANGLES  RESTAURANTS, INC.,  as Borrower and a Grantor  

By: 
   
   /s/ M. John Jordan   
 
 Name: 
   
 M. John Jordan  
 
 Title: 
   
 Senior Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer  

BOJANGLES , INC. (AS SUCCESSOR IN INTEREST TO BHI INTERMEDIATE HOLDING CORP.),  as Holdings, a Guarantor and a Grantor  

By: 
   
   /s/ M. John Jordan   
 
 Name: 
   
 M. John Jordan  
 
 Title: 
   
 Senior Vice President,  

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

BOJANGLES  INTERNATIONAL, LLC,  as a Guarantor and a Grantor  

By: 
   
   /s/ M. John Jordan   
 
 Name: 
   
 M. John Jordan  
 
 Title: 
   
 Senior Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer  

BJ GEORGIA, LLC,  as a Guarantor  
 
  BJ RESTAURANT DEVELOPMENT, LLC,  as a Guarantor and a Grantor  

By: 
   
   /s/ M. John Jordan   
 
 Name: 
   
 M. John Jordan  
 
 Title: 
   
 Manager  
 
      [Bojangles - Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and    Amendment No. 1 to Security Agreement]  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 d257400dex103.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10.3 

Exhibit 10.3   
  Amendment #1 to      Amended
and Restated Employment Agreement          THIS AMENDMENT #1  (this
  Amendment  ) is made by and between BOJANGLES  RESTAURANTS, INC. (the   Company  ) and CLIFTON RUTLEDGE (  Executive  ).  
  WHEREAS , the Company and Executive are parties to an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement entered into on December 18, 2014
(the   Employment Agreement   and     WHEREAS , the parties wish to amend the Employment Agreement.  
  NOW THEREFORE , intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby amend the Employment Agreement as follows:  
 1.    The first sentence of Section 2 is restated as follows:  
 Executive shall have the title of Chief Executive Officer of both the Company and its parent corporation, Bojangles , Inc.
(the   Parent  ), and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with such position and as the Board of Directors of the Parent (the   Board  ) may designate from time to time.  
 2.    The last sentence of Section 2 is restated as follows:  
 If requested, Executive shall also serve as an executive officer and/or board member of the board of directors (or similar
governing body) of any entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company or the Parent (an   Affiliate  ) without any additional
compensation.    3.    The introductory language of Section 12(a) is restated as follows:  
 a.  Termination by the Company Without Cause, by Executive For Good Reason or Due to Non-Renewal by the Company . If
Executive s employment is terminated at any time during the Term by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, or if Executive s employment terminates upon expiration of the Term as a result of the issuance of a Non-Renewal
Notice by the Company, then subject to  Section 12(c)  of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to:  
 4.    Section 12(a)(ii) is restated as follows:  
 (ii) an amount equal to his Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to Executive s date of termination, which amount
shall be payable during the twelve (12) months commencing on the date of termination (the   Severance Period  ) in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices as then in
effect;  provided , that the first payment pursuant to this  Section 12(a)(ii)  shall be made on the next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination and shall include
payment of any amounts that would otherwise be due prior thereto.  

5.    Section 12(b) is restated as follows:  
 b.  Termination other than by the Company Without Cause, by Executive For Good Reason or Due to Non-Renewal by the
Company . If (i) the Company terminates Executive s employment for Cause during the Term, (ii) Executive terminates his employment without Good Reason during the Term, (iii) Executive s employment terminates during the
Term due to death or Disability, or (iv) Executive s employment terminates at the expiration of the Term pursuant to a Non-Renewal Notice by Executive, then Executive or Executive s legal representatives, as applicable, shall be
entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under  Section 12(a)(i)  of this Agreement.  
 6.    In Section 19(a), the address for notice to the Company is replaced with:  
 If to the Company:  
 Bojangles  Restaurants, Inc.  
 9432 Southern Pine Boulevard  
 Charlotte, NC 28273  
 Attention: General Counsel  
 With a copy to:  
 Steven J. Collins  
 Chairman of the Compensation Committee of Bojangles , Inc.  
 c/o Advent International Corporation  
 75 State Street  
 Boston, MA 02109  
 With a copy which shall not constitute notice to:  
 Pepper Hamilton LLP  
 3000 Two Logan Square  
 18th   Arch Streets  
 Philadelphia, PA 19103  
 Attention: Barry M. Abelson, Esq.  

7.    The first sentence of Section 19(d) is restated as follows:  
 No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing, signed by all of the parties
hereto and duly authorized by the Board or its delegate.    8.    In Section 19(h)(i), the phrase  Section
409A of the Code  is replaced with the phrase  Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  ).   
 9.    The Employment Agreement, as modified by this Amendment #1, is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.  
 [ signature page follows ]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Company has caused this Amendment #1 to be executed by its duly
authorized officer, and Executive has executed this Amendment #1, in each case on the 1st day of November, 2016.      

BOJANGLES  RESTAURANTS, INC.  

By: 
   
 /s/ M. John Jordan  

Name: 
   
 M. John Jordan  

Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

CLIFTON RUTLEDGE  

/s/ Clifton Rutledge  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 d257400dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT   
  TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Clifton Rutledge, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bojangles , Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant
and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

c. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 4, 2016      

/s/ Clifton Rutledge   
 
 Clifton Rutledge  
 
  President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 d257400dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT   
  TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, M. John Jordan, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bojangles , Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant
and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

c. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 4, 2016      

/s/ M. John Jordan   
 
 M. John Jordan  
 
  Senior Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 d257400dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906   
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bojangles , Inc. ( Bojangles  ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
25, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Clifton Rutledge, President and Chief Executive Officer of Bojangles , certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bojangles .    

/s/ Clifton Rutledge   
 
 Clifton Rutledge  
 
  President and Chief Executive Officer   
   November 4, 2016    A signed
original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Bojangles , Inc. and will be retained by Bojangles , Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. This written
statement shall not be deemed filed by Bojangles , Inc. for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under that section, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that Bojangles , Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 d257400dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906   
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bojangles , Inc. ( Bojangles  ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
25, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, M. John Jordan, Senior Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Bojangles , certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bojangles .    

/s/ M. John Jordan   
 
 M. John Jordan  
 
  Senior Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   
   November 4, 2016    A signed
original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Bojangles , Inc. and will be retained by Bojangles , Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. This written
statement shall not be deemed filed by Bojangles , Inc. for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under that section, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that Bojangles , Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 boja-20160925.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 boja-20160925.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 boja-20160925_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 boja-20160925_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 boja-20160925_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 boja-20160925_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

