<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1011659_0001628280-16-021204_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33350817</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>241268</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1086180</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13978154</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>14368020</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2987462</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>119</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-021204.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110174719
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-021204
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MUFG Americas Holdings Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001011659
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				941234979
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15081
		FILM NUMBER:		161989392

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1251 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-782-5911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1251 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNIONBANCAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-021204.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 muah10qq32016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
                   (Mark One) 

[X] 
      
    QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
        
      OR 

[   ] 
      
    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from                        to                        

Commission File Number: 1-15081 
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes   x      No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes   x      No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                       
    Large accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 

Non-accelerated filer   x   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes   o     No   x    
  Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at   October 31, 2016  :   144,322,280    
  THE REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTION H (1) (a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-Q AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM WITH THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT.                 

MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Table of Contents 
                  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     44 
       Item 1. Financial Statements  
     44 
       Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)  
     44 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)  
     45 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)  
     46 
       Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited)  
     47 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  
     48 
       Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Nature of Operations  
     49 
       Note 2 Correction of Prior Period Amounts  
     53 
       Note 3 Securities Financing Arrangements  
     53 
       Note 4 Securities  
     56 
       Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  
     62 
       Note 6 Variable Interest Entities   
     72 
       Note 7 Commercial Paper and Other Short-Term Borrowings  
     74 
       Note 8 Long-Term Debt  
     75 
       Note 9 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
     77 
       Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Other Financial Instruments Used For Hedging  
     84 
       Note 11 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  
     88 
       Note 12 Employee Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits  
     91 
       Note 13 Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees  
     91 
       Note 14 Business Segments   
     93 
       Note 15 Related Party Transactions  
     97 
       Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     7 
       Consolidated Financial Highlights  
     7 
       Introduction  
     10 
       Executive Overview  
     11 
       Financial Performance  
     12 
       Balance Sheet Analysis  
     16 
       Capital Management  
     17 
       Risk Management  
     21 
       Business Segments  
     32 
       Critical Accounting Estimates  
     39 
       Non-GAAP Financial Measures  
     39 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     42 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
     43 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
     98 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
     98 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
     98 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
     104 
       SIGNATURES  
     105 

2 

Table of Contents  

Glossary of Defined Terms 
  The following acronyms and abbreviations are used throughout this report, particularly in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements," Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  and Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors.  
                 Agency Securities 
    Securities guaranteed by a U.S. government agency 
      ALCO 
    Asset Liability Management Committee 
      ALM 
    Asset Liability Management 
      AOCI 
    Accumulated other comprehensive income  
      ARC 
    Americas Risk Committee 
      ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update 
      BCBS 
    Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
      BHC 
    U.S. bank holding company 
      BTMU 
    The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries 
      CCAR 
    Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
      CD 
    Certificate of deposit 
      CLO 
    Collateralized loan obligation  
      CMBS 
    Commercial mortgage-backed securities 
      Dodd-Frank Act 
    Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
      ESBP 
    Executive Supplemental Benefit Plan 
      Exchange Act 
    U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
      FASB 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      FBO 
    Foreign banking organization 
      FDIC 
    Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
      Federal Reserve 
    Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
      FHLB 
    Federal Home Loan Bank 
      FICO 
    Fair Isaac Corporation 
      HQLA 
    High quality liquid assets 
      IHC 
    Intermediate Holding Company 
      LCR 
    Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
      LIHC 
    Low income housing credit 
      LTV 
    Loan-to-value 
      MRM 
    Market Risk Management 
      MRMC 
    Market Risk Management Committee 
      MUAH 
    MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation 
      MUB  
    MUFG Union Bank, N.A. 
      MUFG 
    Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. 
      MUSA 
    MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 
      OCC 
    Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
      OCI 
    Other comprehensive income 
      OREO 
    Other real estate owned 
      PCI 
    Purchased credit-impaired 
      PEP 
    Petroleum exploration and production 
      RMBS 
    Residential mortgage-backed securities 
      S P 
    Standard   Poor's Ratings Services 
      SEC 
    Securities and Exchange Commission 
      SERP 
    Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
      SLR 
    Supplementary Leverage Ratio 
      TDR 
    Troubled debt restructuring 
      VaR 
    Value-at-risk 
      VIE 
    Variable interest entity 

3 

Table of Contents  

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  This report includes forward-looking statements, which include expectations for our operations and business and our assumptions for those expectations. Do not rely unduly on forward-looking statements. Actual results might differ significantly compared to our expectations. See Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors,  in our   2015   Form 10-K, Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in this Form 10-Q, and the other risks described in this Form 10-Q and in our   2015   Form 10-K, for factors to be considered when reading any forward-looking statements in this filing. 
  Forward-looking statements are subject to the "safe harbor" created by section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We may make forward-looking statements in our   SEC   filings, press releases, news articles and when we are speaking on behalf of MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Often, they include the words "believe," "expect," "target," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "seek," "estimate," "potential," "project," "forecast," "outlook," words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," "might," or "may." These forward-looking statements are intended to provide investors with additional information with which they may assess our future potential. All of these forward-looking statements are based on assumptions about an uncertain future and are based on information known to our management at the date of these statements. We do not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect facts, circumstances, assumptions or events that occur after the date any forward-looking statements are made. 
  In this document and other reports to the SEC, for example, we make forward-looking statements, which discuss our expectations about: 
             
    Our business objectives, strategies and initiatives, organizational structure, business growth, competitive position and prospects, and the effect of competition on our business and strategies 
                
    Our assessment of significant factors and developments that have affected or may affect our results 
                
    Our assessment of economic conditions and trends, economic and credit cycles and their impact on our business 
                
    The economic outlook for the U.S. in general, West Coast states and global economies 
                
    The impact of changes in interest rates resulting from changes in Federal Reserve policy or for other reasons, our strategy to manage our interest rate risk profile and other market risks, our outlook for short-term and long-term interest rates and their effect on our net interest margin (including our expectation that the current interest rate environment and the decline in our PCI portfolio will continue to place pressure on our net interest margin in 2016), our investment portfolio and our borrowers  ability to service their loans and on residential mortgage loans and refinancings 
                
    Pending and recent legislative and regulatory actions, and future legislative and regulatory developments, including the effects of legislation and other governmental measures, including the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve  introduced in response to the 2008-2009 financial crises, and the ensuing recession affecting the banking system, financial markets and the U.S. economy, the   Dodd-Frank Act  , changes to the deposit insurance assessment policies of the   FDIC  , the effect on and application of foreign and other laws and regulations to our business and operations, and anticipated fees, costs or other impacts on our business and operations as a result of these developments 
                
    Our strategies and expectations regarding capital levels and liquidity, our funding base, core deposits, our expectations regarding the capital, liquidity and enhanced prudential standards adopted by the U.S. bank regulators as a result of or under the   Dodd-Frank Act   and the   BCBS   capital and liquidity standards and recently adopted and proposed regulations by the U.S. federal banking agencies, and the effect of the foregoing on our business and expectations regarding compliance 
                
    Regulatory and compliance controls and processes and their impact on our business, including our operating costs and revenues 
     
    4 

     Table of Contents  

The costs and effects of legal actions, investigations, regulatory actions, criminal proceedings or similar matters, our anticipated litigation strategies, our assessment of the timing and ultimate outcome of legal actions, or adverse facts and developments related thereto 
                
    Our allowance for credit losses, including the conditions we consider in determining the unallocated allowance and our portfolio credit quality, risk rating and credit migration trends and loss factors 
                
    Loan portfolio composition and risk rating trends, residential loan delinquency rates compared to the industry average, portfolio credit quality, our strategy regarding   TDR  s, and our intent to sell or hold loans we originate 
                
    Our intent to sell or hold, and the likelihood that we would be required to sell, or expectations regarding recovery of the amortized cost basis of, various investment securities  
                
    Our hedging strategies, positions, expectations regarding reclassifications of gains or losses on hedging instruments into earnings; and the sensitivity of our net income to various factors, including customer behavior relating to mortgage pre-payments and deposit repricing 
                
    Expected rates of return, maturities, yields, loss exposure, growth rates, pension plan strategies, contributions and benefit payments, and projected results 
                
    Tax rates and taxes, the possible effect of changes in taxable profits of the U.S. operations of MUFG on our state tax obligations and of expected tax credits or benefits 
                
    Critical accounting policies and estimates, the impact or anticipated impact of recent accounting pronouncements, guidance or changes in accounting principles and future recognition of impairments for the fair value of assets, including goodwill, financial instruments, intangible assets and other assets acquired in our acquisitions of Pacific Capital Bancorp, PB Capital Corporation s institutional commercial real estate lending portfolio, First Bank Association Bank Services, Smartstreet and our April 2010   FDIC  -assisted acquisitions  
                
    Decisions to downsize, sell or close units, dissolve subsidiaries, expand our branch network, pursue acquisitions, purchase banking facilities and equipment, realign our business model or otherwise restructure, reorganize or change our business mix, and their timing and impact on our business 
                
    Our expectations regarding the impact of acquisitions on our business and results of operations and amounts we expect to collect from or must pay to the   FDIC   under loss share agreements 
                
    The impact of changes in our credit rating including methodology changes adopted by rating agencies  
                
    Maintenance of casualty and liability insurance coverage appropriate for our operations 
                
    The relationship between our business and that of   BTMU   and MUFG, the impact of their credit ratings, operations or prospects on our credit ratings and actions that may or may not be taken by   BTMU   and MUFG 
                
    Threats to the banking sector and our business due to cyber-security issues and attacks on financial institutions and other businesses, such as large retailers, and regulatory expectations relating to cyber-security 
                
    Our understanding that   BTMU   will continue to limit its participation in transactions with Iranian entities and individuals to certain types of transactions  
                
    Challenges associated with our business integration initiative with our parent company,   BTMU  , effective July 1, 2014  
                
    The objectives and effects on operations of our business integration initiative and its near term effect on our balance sheet, earnings and capital ratios 
                
    The effect of the California drought on its economy and related governmental actions 
                
    Descriptions of assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing 
     Readers of this document should not rely unduly on any forward-looking statements, which reflect only our management s belief as of the date of this report. There are numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements.  
  
    5 

     Table of Contents  

Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described or referred to in Part I, Item 1.  Business  under the captions  Competition  and  Supervision and Regulation  of our   2015   Form 10-K, and in Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  and Part I, Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this Form 10-Q, and in our other reports to the SEC. 
  Any factor described in this report could by itself, or together with one or more other factors, adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition. 

6 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Financial Highlights 

7 

     Table of Contents  

MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Financial Highlights (Continued) 

8 

     Table of Contents  

MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Financial Highlights (Continued) 

(1) 
    Pre-tax, pre-provision income is total revenue less noninterest expense. Management believes that this is a useful financial measure because it enables investors and others to assess the Company's ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through a credit cycle.  
              (2) 
    Annualized. 
              (3) 
    The efficiency ratio is total noninterest expense as a percentage of total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 
              (4) 
    The adjusted efficiency ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure, is adjusted noninterest expense (noninterest expense excluding staff costs associated with fees from affiliates - support services, foreclosed asset expense and other credit costs, certain costs related to productivity initiatives,   LIHC   investment amortization expense, expenses of the   LIHC   consolidated variable interest entities, merger and business integration costs, privatization-related expenses, intangible asset amortization, and a contract termination fee) as a percentage of adjusted total revenue (net interest income (taxable-equivalent basis) and noninterest income), excluding the impact of fees from affiliates - support services, productivity initiatives related to the sale of certain premises, accretion related to privatization-related fair value adjustments, other credit costs and impairment on private equity investments. Management discloses the adjusted efficiency ratio as a measure of the efficiency of our operations, focusing on those costs most relevant to our business activities. Please refer to Part I, Item 2. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in this Form 10-Q for further information. 
              (5) 
    Yields, interest income and net interest margin are presented on a taxable-equivalent basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 35%. 
              (6) 
    Core deposits exclude brokered deposits, foreign time deposits, domestic time deposits greater than $250,000 and certain other deposits not considered to be core customer relationships. 
              (7) 
    The allowance for loan losses ratios are calculated using the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of end of period total loans held for investment or total nonaccrual loans, as appropriate. 
              (8) 
    The allowance for credit losses ratios include the allowances for loan losses and for losses on unfunded credit commitments as a percentage of end of period total loans held for investment or total nonaccrual loans, as appropriate.  
              (9) 
    These capital ratios are calculated in accordance with the transition guidelines set forth in the U.S. federal banking agencies' final U.S. Basel III regulatory capital rules. 
              (10) 
    The tangible common equity ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure, is calculated as tangible common equity divided by tangible assets. The methodology for determining tangible common equity may differ among companies. The tangible common equity ratio facilitates the understanding of the Company's capital structure and is used to assess and compare the quality and composition of the Company's capital structure to other financial institutions. Please refer to Part I, Item 2. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Capital Management" in this Form 10-Q for further information. 
              (11) 
    Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based capital (standardized, fully phased-in basis) is a non-GAAP financial measure that is used by investors, analysts and bank regulatory agencies to assess the capital position of financial services companies as if the transition provisions of the U.S. Basel III rules were fully phased in for the periods in which the ratio is disclosed.  Management reviews this ratio, which excludes  accumulated other comprehensive loss, along with other measures of capital as part of its financial analyses and has included this non-GAAP information because of current interest in such information by market participants. Refer to Part I, Item 2. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Capital Management" in this Form 10-Q for further information. 
              (12) 
    Return on tangible common equity, a non-GAAP financial measure, is net income excluding intangible asset amortization divided by average tangible common equity. Management believes that this ratio provides useful supplemental information regarding the Company's business results. The methodology for determining tangible common equity may differ among companies. Please refer to Part I, Item 2. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in this Form 10-Q for further information. 
              (13) 
    These performance ratios, which are non-GAAP financial measures, do not include MUFG Securities Americas Inc. (MUSA), MUAH's broker-dealer subsidiary. Management believes these ratios provide useful supplemental information regarding the results of the Company's banking business. Please refer to Part I, Item 2. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in this Form 10-Q for further information. 
              (14) 
    Ratios calculated at September 30, 2016 reflect the designation of MUAH as the U.S. Intermediate Holding Company (IHC) of MUFG on July 1, 2016. Prior period ratios have not been revised to include the transferred IHC entities. 

9 

Table of Contents  

Please refer to our Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (  2015   Form 10-K) along with the following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial position and results of operations for the period ended   September 30, 2016   in this Form 10-Q. Averages, as presented in the following tables, are substantially all based upon daily average balances. 
  As used in this Form 10-Q, terms such as  the Company,   we,   us  and  our  refer to MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation (MUAH), one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or to all of them together. 
  Formation of the U.S. Intermediate Holding Company 
  The financial information included for all periods presented in this Form 10-Q reflects the designation of MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation (MUAH) as the U.S. Intermediate Holding Company (IHC) of its ultimate parent, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (MUFG) on July 1, 2016, in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board s final rules for Enhanced Prudential Standards.  The IHC formation resulted in the transfer of interests in substantially all of MUFG s U.S. subsidiaries to MUAH.  The subsidiaries include MUFG Securities Americas Inc. (MUSA) (formerly Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.), a registered broker-dealer, and various other non-bank subsidiaries. MUSA engages in capital markets origination transactions, private placements, collateralized financings, borrow and loan transactions, and domestic and foreign debt and equity securities transactions. The assets received and liabilities assumed were transferred at their carrying amount, and consisted largely of securities borrowed and securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. All financial statements and related information for prior periods has been revised to include the results of the transferred IHC entities. 
  Management's Discussion and Analysis includes non-GAAP financial measures which management believes provides useful supplemental information regarding the Company's business results. Certain financial measures have been adjusted for the results of MUSA. Management believes these ratios provide useful supplemental information on the results of MUAH's banking business. For a reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures, see the caption "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in Item 2. of this Form 10-Q. 
  Introduction 
  We are a financial holding company, bank holding company and intermediate holding company whose principal subsidiaries are MUFG Union Bank, N.A. (MUB or the Bank) and MUSA. We are owned by BTMU and MUFG. BTMU is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MUFG. 
  The Company has five reportable segments: Regional Bank, U.S. Wholesale Banking, Transaction Banking, Investment Banking   Markets and MUSA. We service U.S. Wholesale Banking, Investment Banking   Markets, certain Transaction Banking, and MUSA customers through the MUFG brand and serve Regional Bank and Transaction Banking customers through the Union Bank brand.  We provide a wide range of financial services to consumers, small businesses, middle-market companies and major corporations, both nationally and internationally.   The Company also provides various business, banking, financial, administrative and support services, and facilities for BTMU in connection with the operation and administration of all of BTMU's business in the U.S. (including BTMU's U.S. branches).   The Company had consolidated assets of   $151.1 billion   at   September 30, 2016  .  
  The Company s leadership team is bicoastal with Regional Bank and Transaction Banking leaders on the West Coast while U.S. Wholesale Banking, Investment Banking   Markets and MUSA leaders are based in New York City. The corporate headquarters (principal executive office) for MUB, MUSA and MUAH is in New York City. MUB's main banking office is in San Francisco.  
  References to the privatization transaction in this report refer to the transaction on November 4, 2008, when we became a privately held company. All of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock are owned by BTMU and MUFG. 
  
    10 

Table of Contents  

Executive Overview 
  We are providing you with an overview of what we believe are the most significant factors and developments that affected our   third   quarter   2016   results and that could influence our future results. Further detailed information can be found elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. In addition, you should carefully read this entire document and any other reports that we refer to in this Form 10-Q for more detailed information to assist your understanding of trends, events and uncertainties that impact us. 
  Our sources of revenue are net interest income and noninterest income (collectively  total revenue ). Net interest income is generated predominantly from interest earned from loans, investment securities, securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements, trading account assets and other interest-earning assets, less interest incurred on deposits and borrowings, securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements and other interest-bearing liabilities. The primary sources of noninterest income are revenues from investment banking and syndication fees, service charges on deposit accounts, trust and investment management fees, trading account activities, credit facility fees, and fees from affiliates. Changes in interest rates, credit quality, economic trends and the capital markets are primary factors that affect our revenue sources. In the   third   quarter of   2016  , revenue was comprised of   58%   net interest income and   42%   noninterest income. A summary of our financial results is discussed below.  
  Our primary sources of liquidity are core deposits, securities and wholesale funding. Core deposits exclude brokered deposits, foreign time deposits, domestic time deposits greater than $250,000, and certain other deposits not considered to be core customer relationships. Wholesale funding includes unsecured funds raised from BTMU and affiliates, interbank and other sources, both domestic and international, funding secured by certain assets, or by borrowing from the FHLB. We evaluate and monitor the stability and reliability of our various funding sources to help ensure that we have sufficient liquidity when adverse situations arise. 
  Performance Highlights  
  Net income attributable to MUAH was   $260 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , an increase of   $72 million   from the   third   quarter of 2015, and   $656 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $96 million   compared with the prior year period. The increase in net income in both periods was driven by an increase in revenue, primarily noninterest income, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses. Noninterest income increased $120 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 due primarily to an increase in investment banking and syndication fees and fees from affiliates. Noninterest income increased   $241 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   due primarily to an increase in fees from affiliates. 
  The provision for credit losses was   $73 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   and   $196 million   during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, reflecting the impact of losses recorded in the commercial loan portfolio, largely the oil and gas portfolio. Criticized commitments in the PEP portfolio decreased to   $1.8 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $2.5 billion   at   June 30, 2016   and   $2.2 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The decrease in criticized commitments during the quarter is due in part to transfers to held for sale and charge-offs within our PEP portfolio. The allowance for credit losses within the PEP portfolio as a percentage of total PEP loan commitments was 7.07% at   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016  , compared with 5.53% at   December 31, 2015  . At   September 30, 2016  , PEP loan commitments accounted for approximately 69% of our total oil and gas loan commitments and   69%   of PEP loan commitments were collateralized by oil and gas reserves. See "Concentration of Risk" within the "Risk Management" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information about our oil and gas loan exposures.  
  Capital Ratios 
    The Company's capital ratios continued to exceed all well-capitalized and minimum regulatory thresholds for   BHC  s, as applicable. The U.S. Basel III Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and Total risk-based capital ratios were   13.97  %,   13.97%   and   15.66%  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016  . The Tier 1 leverage ratio was   9.82%   at   September 30, 2016  . 

11 

Table of Contents  

Financial Performance 
   
  Net Interest Income 
  The following tables show the major components of net interest income and net interest margin: 

(1) 
    Yields, interest income and net interest margin are presented on a taxable-equivalent basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 35%. 
              (2) 
    Annualized. 
              (3) 
    Average balances on loans held for investment include all nonaccrual loans. The amortized portion of net loan origination fees (costs) is included in interest income on loans, representing an adjustment to the yield. 
              (4) 
    Beginning in the second quarter of 2016, the effect of interest rate hedges on commercial loans were reflected in each loan category. Previously, the entire effect of the interest rate hedges was included in commercial and industrial interest income. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current presentation. 
              (5) 
    Includes noninterest bearing trading account assets. 
              (6) 
    Includes noninterest bearing trading account liabilities. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Yields, interest income and net interest margin are presented on a taxable-equivalent basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 35%. 
              (2) 
    Annualized. 
              (3) 
    Average balances on loans held for investment include all nonaccrual loans. The amortized portion of net loan origination fees (costs) is included in interest income on loans, representing an adjustment to the yield. 
              (4) 
    Beginning in the second quarter of 2016, the effect of interest rate hedges on commercial loans were reflected in each loan category. Previously, the entire effect of the interest rate hedges was included in commercial and industrial interest income. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current presentation. 
              (5) 
    Includes noninterest bearing trading account assets. 
              (6) 
    Includes noninterest bearing trading account liabilities. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

Net interest income for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   increased $50 million and $89 million, respectively, compared with the same periods in 2015 due to an increase in average loan and trading account balances and increases in the net interest margin. Average loan balances increased during the third quarter of 2016 primarily due to increases in commercial mortgage and residential mortgage loans. Average loan balances increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to increases in commercial and industrial and commercial mortgage loans. The average trading account assets balance increased for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   resulting from activity at MUSA. 
  The net interest margin increased 19 basis points to 2.29% and 11 basis points to 2.19% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with the same periods in 2015. The increases in the net interest margin were due primarily to higher yields on securities borrowed and purchased under resale agreements and trading account assets, both at MUSA. Higher yields on securities also contributed to the increase in the net interest margin in the third quarter of 2016 compared with the third quarter of 2015. Excluding MUSA, the net interest margin was 2.72% and 2.70% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with 2.72% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
   
  Noninterest Income and Noninterest Expense       
  The following tables display our noninterest income and noninterest expense for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 
  Noninterest Income 

Noninterest income increased during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   largely due to increases in fees from affiliates, trading account activities and securities gains, net. Investment banking and syndication fees contributed to the increase during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Lower FDIC indemnification asset amortization expense, which is included in other, net, contributed to the increase during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

14 

     Table of Contents  

For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recorded the following income and expenses related to the support services provided to BTMU's U.S. branch banking operations: 

The increase in staff costs for support services for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared with the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was driven primarily by higher headcount due to regulatory and compliance initiatives, as well as projects to increase operational efficiencies,   which also resulted in a corresponding increase in fees from affiliates.   The Company also recognized fees from affiliates through revenue sharing agreements with BTMU for various business and banking services, with associated costs included within noninterest expense.  
  Noninterest Expense 

The increase in noninterest expense during the third quarter of 2016 compared with the third quarter of 2015 was largely due to an increase in software expense, an increase in regulatory assessments related to an increase in FDIC insurance expense, and a low income housing impairment charge (included in other) attributable to noncontrolling interests. The Company's share of the impairment charge was not significant. The increase in the third quarter of 2016 was partially offset by a decrease in pension expense. The increase in noninterest expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was due to the increase in staff costs associated with fees from affiliates - support services discussed above, an increase in professional and outside services, software expenses and the low income housing impairment charge. The increase during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was offset by a decrease in pension expense and a contract termination fee in the second quarter of 2015. 

15 

     Table of Contents  

Income Tax Expense  
  Income tax expense and the effective tax rate include both federal and state income taxes. In the   third   quarter of   2016  , income tax expense was   $97 million   with an effective tax rate of   31%  , compared with   27%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , income tax expense was   $244 million   with an effective tax rate of   29%  , compared with   26%   in the comparative prior year period. Income tax expense in the first quarter of 2015 was reduced by certain favorable discrete tax adjustments which impacted the effective tax rate. 
  For further information regarding income tax expense, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Income Tax Expense" in Part II, Item 7. and    Changes in our tax rates could affect our future results    in  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A. and   Note 16   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
   
  Balance Sheet Analysis 
   
  Securities 
  Our securities portfolio is primarily used for liquidity and interest rate risk management purposes, to invest cash resulting from excess liquidity, and to a lesser extent, to support our business development objectives. We strive to maximize total return while managing this objective within appropriate risk parameters. Securities available for sale are principally comprised of U.S. Treasury securities, RMBS, CMBS, Cash Flow CLOs, and direct bank purchase bonds. Direct bank purchase bonds are instruments that are issued in bond form, accounted for as securities, but underwritten as loans with features that are typically found in commercial loans. Securities held to maturity consist of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government-sponsored agency securities and U.S. government-sponsored agency RMBS and CMBS.  
  The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and fair values of securities are detailed in   Note 4   to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 
   
  Loans Held for Investment 
  The following table shows loans held for investment outstanding by loan type at the end of each period presented: 

16 

Table of Contents  

Cross-Border Outstandings  
  Our cross-border outstandings reflect certain additional economic and political risks that differ from or are greater than those reflected in domestic outstandings. These risks include, but are not limited to, those arising from exchange rate fluctuations and restrictions on the transfer of funds. Our total cross-border outstandings, where such outstandings exceeded one percent of total assets as of   September 30, 2016  , were   $3.4 billion   for Japan. These cross-border outstandings are based on category and legal residence of ultimate risk and are comprised of securities financing arrangements from MUSA. At   December 31, 2015  , the Company's cross-border outstandings were for Canada at   $1.2 billion  , which was comprised primarily of loans and trading account assets.  
   
  Deposits 
  The table below presents our deposits as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Total deposits were nearly unchanged compared with December 31, 2015 as an increase in noninterest bearing deposits was largely offset by a decrease in time deposits. Core deposits as a percentage of total deposits were   91%   and   90%   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  

Capital Management  
    
  Both MUAH and MUB are subject to various capital adequacy regulations issued by the U.S. federal banking agencies, including requirements to file an annual capital plan and to maintain minimum regulatory capital ratios. As of   September 30, 2016  , management believes the capital ratios of MUAH and MUB met all regulatory requirements of  well-capitalized  institutions. 
  The Company timely filed its annual capital plan under the Federal Reserve's CCAR program in April 2016. CCAR evaluates capital planning processes and assesses capital adequacy levels under various scenarios to determine if BHCs would have sufficient capital to continue operations throughout times of economic and financial market stress. The Company's 2016 CCAR submission encompassed a range of expected and stressed economic and financial market scenarios, and included an assessment of expected sources and uses of capital over a prescribed planning horizon, a description of all capital actions within that timeframe, and a discussion  
  
    17 

     Table of Contents  

of any proposed business plan changes that are likely to have a material impact on capital adequacy. In June 2016, the Company was informed by the Federal Reserve that it did not object to the Company's capital plan. In accordance with regulatory requirements, the Company subsequently disclosed the results of its annual company-run capital stress test. In October 2016, the Company submitted its mid-cycle Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test results to the Federal Reserve and subsequently disclosed the results of those stress tests. 
  MUAH and MUB are required to maintain minimum capital ratios in accordance with rules issued by the U.S. federal banking agencies. In July 2013, the U.S. federal banking agencies issued final rules to implement the BCBS capital guidelines for U.S. banking organizations (U.S. Basel III). These rules supersede the U.S. federal banking agencies  general risk-based capital rules (commonly known as  Basel I ), advanced approaches rules (commonly known as  Basel II ) that are applicable to certain large banking organizations, and leverage rules, and are subject to certain transition provisions. Among other requirements, the U.S. Basel III rules revised the definition of capital; increased minimum capital ratios; introduced a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5% and a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% (for a total minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%) and a potential countercyclical buffer of up to 2.5%, which would be imposed by regulators at their discretion if it is determined that a period of excessive credit growth is contributing to an increase in financial institution systemic risk for advanced approaches institutions only; mandated a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4%; introduced, for large and internationally active BHCs, a Tier 1 SLR that is currently set at 3% and which incorporates off-balance sheet exposures; revised Basel I rules for calculating risk-weighted assets under a standardized approach; modified the existing Basel II advanced approaches rules for calculating risk-weighted assets under U.S. Basel III; and eliminated, for advanced approaches institutions, over a four-year phase-in period beginning on January 1, 2014, the AOCI or loss exclusion that had applied under Basel I and Basel II rules. 
  As required under U.S. Basel III rules, the 2.5% capital conservation buffer is being implemented on a phased-in basis in equal increments of 0.625% per year over a four-year period that commenced on January 1, 2016. MUAH and MUB would satisfy the minimum capital requirements including the capital conservation buffer on a fully phased-in basis if those requirements were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  The following tables summarize the calculation of MUAH s risk-based capital ratios in accordance with the U.S. Basel III rules as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation 

(1)  Beginning January 1, 2016, the minimum capital requirement includes a capital conservation buffer of 0.625%.  
  (2)  Tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average assets (excluding certain intangible assets). 
  
    18 

     Table of Contents  

The formation of the IHC on July 1, 2016 resulted in the issuance of common stock to BTMU and MUFG and the transfer of interests in substantially all of MUFG's U.S. subsidiaries to MUAH, thus increasing the Company's Common Equity Tier 1 capital and total assets. The assets acquired were predominantly from MUSA, and are generally comprised of U.S. government-sponsored agency RMBS and securities issued by the U.S. Treasury. Accordingly, their impact to average total assets used in the computation of the Tier 1 leverage ratio was more significant than the impact to risk-weighted assets.  
    
  The following tables summarize the calculation of MUB s risk-based capital ratios in accordance with the transition guidelines set forth in the U.S. Basel III rules as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  MUFG Union Bank, N.A. 

(1)  Beginning January 1, 2016, the minimum capital requirement includes a capital conservation buffer of 0.625%. 
  (2)  Tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average assets (excluding certain intangible assets). 

In addition to capital ratios determined in accordance with regulatory requirements, we consider the tangible common equity ratio when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy. This capital ratio is monitored by management, and presented below, to further facilitate the understanding of our capital structure and for use in assessing and comparing the quality and composition of the Company s capital structure to other financial institutions. This ratio is not codified within GAAP or federal banking regulations in effect at   September 30, 2016  . Therefore, it is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. Our tangible common equity ratio calculation method may differ from those used by other financial services companies.  
  
    19 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the calculation of the Company's tangible common equity ratios as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

The Company s fully phased-in Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio calculated under the U.S. Basel III standardized approach at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was estimated to be   13.94%   and   13.46%  , respectively. Management believes that the Company would satisfy all capital adequacy requirements under the U.S. Basel III rules on a fully phased-in basis if those requirements had been effective at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  The following tables summarize the calculation of the Company's fully phased-in Common Equity Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio under the U.S. Basel III standardized approach as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

(1) 
    Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based capital (standardized, fully phased-in basis) is a non-GAAP financial measure that is used by investors, analysts and bank regulatory agencies to assess the capital position of financial services companies as if the transition provisions of the U.S. Basel III rules were fully phased-in for the period in which the ratio is disclosed.  Management reviews this ratio, which excludes components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, along with other measures of capital as part of its financial analyses and has included this non-GAAP information, and the corresponding reconciliation from Common Equity Tier 1 capital (calculated according to the transition provisions under U.S. Basel III rules) because of current interest in such information by market participants.   Ratios calculated at September 30, 2016 reflect the designation and formation of MUAH as the U.S. Intermediate Holding Company (IHC) of MUFG on July 1, 2016.  
     
    20 

Table of Contents  

Risk Management 
  All financial institutions must manage and control a variety of business risks that can significantly affect their financial condition and performance. Some of the key risks that the Company must manage include credit, market, liquidity, operational, interest rate, compliance, reputation and strategic risks. The Board, directly or through its appropriate committees, provides oversight and approves our various risk management policies.  Management has established a risk management structure that is designed to provide a comprehensive approach for identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and reporting on the significant risks faced by the Company. For additional information regarding our risk management structure and framework, refer to the section  Risk Management  included in Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
   
  Credit Risk Management 
    
  One of our principal business activities is the extension of credit to individuals and businesses. Our policies and the applicable laws and regulations governing the extension of credit require risk analysis, including an extensive evaluation of the purpose of the request and the borrower s ability and willingness to repay as scheduled. Our process also includes ongoing portfolio and credit management through portfolio diversification, lending limit constraints, credit review and approval policies, and extensive internal monitoring. For additional information regarding our credit risk management policies, refer to the section  Credit Risk Management  included in Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our   2015   Form 10-K. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
  We maintain an allowance for credit losses (defined as both the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for losses on unfunded credit commitments) to absorb losses inherent in the loan portfolio as well as for unfunded credit commitments. Understanding our policies on the allowance for credit losses is fundamental to understanding our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. Accordingly, our significant accounting policies on the allowance for credit losses are discussed in detail in   Note 1   to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  and in the section  Allowance for Credit Losses  included in Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our   2015   Form 10-K. For additional information regarding our allowance for loan losses, refer to   Note 5   of our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements  of this Form 10-Q. 
  The allowance for loan losses was   $691 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared with   $723 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Our ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment was   0.87%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   0.91%   as of   December 31, 2015  . The provision for loan losses was   $68 million   and $190 million for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively  .  The provision for loan losses reflects   the impact of losses recorded in the commercial loan portfolio, largely the oil and gas portfolio. Net loans charged-off for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   totaled   $124 million   and $225 million, respectively, substantially comprised of PEP loans.  Net loans charged off during the third quarter include   $45 million   of charge-offs related to the transfer of $314 million of PEP loans to held for sale, contributing to $96 million of charge-offs related to the transfer of $555 million of PEP loans to held for sale for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net loans charged-off to average total loans held for investment were   0.61%   and 0.37% for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively.  
    
  The unallocated allowance for loan losses at   September 30, 2016   decreased   $20 million   from   December 31, 2015   due to precipitation in California bringing moderate relief to drought conditions.  
    
  Nonaccrual loans were   $719 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared with   $632 million   at   June 30, 2016  , and   $552 million   at   December 31, 2015  .   The increase in nonaccrual loans outstanding during the third quarter is   primarily driven by the continued deterioration of certain loans in the oil and gas loan portfolio partially offset by the transfer of PEP loans to held for sale. Our ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans held for investment was   0.91%   at   September 30, 2016  ,   0.78%   at   June 30, 2016  , and   0.70%   at   December 31, 2015  . Our ratio of allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans was   96.08%   at   September 30, 2016  ,   118.30%   at   June 30, 2016  ,  
  
    21 

     Table of Contents  

and   130.86%   at   December 31, 2015  . Criticized loans outstanding in our PEP portfolio decreased to   $1.1 billion   at   September 30, 2016   compared with     $1.6 billion   at   June 30, 2016  , and   $1.2 billion at December 31, 2015. The decrease in criticized loans outstanding during the third quarter is   primarily due to the transfer of certain PEP loans from held for investment to held for sale,   charge-offs of certain PEP loans held for investment, and paydowns and payoffs  . For further discussion see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors -   Adverse economic factors affecting certain industries we serve could adversely affect our business"   and Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Concentration of Risk" in our 2015 Form 10-K. Criticized credits are those that have regulatory risk ratings of  special mention,   substandard  or  doubtful.  Special mention credits are potentially weak, as the borrower has begun to exhibit deteriorating trends, which, if not corrected, could jeopardize repayment of the loan and result in further downgrade. Adversely classified credits are those that are internally risk rated as substandard or doubtful. Substandard credits have well-defined weaknesses, which, if not corrected, could jeopardize the full collection of the debt. A credit classified as doubtful has critical weaknesses that make full collection improbable on the basis of currently existing facts and conditions.  
    
  Change in the Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in our allowance for loan losses: 

22 

Table of Contents  

Nonperforming Assets 
  Nonperforming assets consist of nonaccrual loans and OREO. Nonaccrual loans are those for which management has discontinued accrual of interest because there exists significant uncertainty as to the full and timely collection of either principal or interest, or such loans have become contractually past due 90 days with respect to principal or interest. OREO includes property where the Bank acquired title through foreclosure or  deed in lieu  of foreclosure. For a more detailed discussion of the accounting for nonaccrual loans, see   Note 1   to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
    
  The following table sets forth the components of nonperforming assets and TDRs: 

Total nonperforming assets as of   September 30, 2016   were   $724 million  , or   0.48%   of total assets, compared with   $573 million  , or   0.37%   of total assets, at   December 31, 2015  . 
  Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  TDRs are loans where we have granted a concession to a borrower as a result of the borrower experiencing financial difficulty and, consequently, we receive less than the current market-based compensation for loans with similar risk characteristics. Such loans are reviewed for impairment either individually or in pools with similar risk characteristics. Our loss mitigation strategies are designed to minimize economic loss and, at times, may result in changes to the original terms, including interest rate changes, maturity extensions, principal paydowns, covenant waivers or changes, payment deferrals, or some combination thereof. We evaluate whether these changes to the terms and conditions of our loans meet the TDR criteria after considering the specific situation of the borrower and all relevant facts and circumstances related to the modification. For our consumer portfolio segment, TDRs are typically initially placed on nonaccrual and a minimum of six consecutive months of sustained performance is required before returning to accrual status. For our commercial portfolio segment, we generally determine accrual status for TDRs by performing an individual assessment of each loan, which may include, among other factors, borrower performance under previous loan terms. 
  Modifications of PCI loans that are accounted for within loan pools do not result in the removal of these loans from the pool even if the modification would otherwise be considered a TDR. Each pool is accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows. Accordingly, modifications of loans within such pools are not considered TDRs. 
  
    23 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides a summary of TDRs by loan type, including nonaccrual loans and loans that have been returned to accrual status, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Refer to   Note 5   to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1. "Financial Statements" in this Form 10-Q for more information. 

Loans 90 Days or More Past Due and Still Accruing 
  Loans held for investment 90 days or more past due and still accruing totaled   $10 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $2 million   at   December 31, 2015  . These amounts exclude PCI loans, which are generally accounted for within loan pools, of $  13 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $16 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The past due status of individual loans included within PCI loan pools is not a meaningful indicator of credit quality, as potential credit losses are measured at the loan pool level against prior expectations of cash flow performance. 
   
  Concentration of Risk  
    
  Commercial and industrial loans are extended principally to corporations, middle-market businesses and small businesses and are originated primarily through our commercial banking offices. Our commercial and industrial portfolio is comprised largely of the following industry sectors: finance and insurance, real estate and leasing, power and utilities, oil and gas, and manufacturing. No individual industry sector exceeded 10% of our total loans held for investment at either   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  The Company's credit exposure within the oil and gas industry is substantially all within its commercial loan portfolio. To a much smaller extent, the Company also holds private equity investments issued by entities within the oil and gas industry. The following tables provide further information on the sectors within our oil and gas loan portfolio: 

24 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Excludes loans held for sale. Loans held for sale are accounted for at lower of aggregate cost or fair value, with valuation changes included as adjustments to noninterest income. 
       
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , approximately   69%   and   82%  , respectively, of our PEP portfolio was comprised of reserve-based commitments. Reserve-based lending typically consists of loans collateralized with oil and gas reserves. The Company periodically resets its forward-looking view of oil and natural gas prices used to calculate a borrower's reserve value as part of its assessment of the commitment amount.  
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , approximately   68%   and   75%  , respectively, of our oil and gas commitments consisted of Shared National Credits, which are loans or commitments with a total size of $20 million or more that are shared among three or more unaffiliated banks. We were the lead agent for   30%   and   27%   of these commitments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Second lien and junior commitments were de minimis at   September 30, 2016  . 
  The allowance for loan losses for the oil and gas sector is primarily comprised of a segment attribution and formulaic reserves based on internal ratings. Charge-offs within the oil and gas portfolio were   $105 million   and   $206 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, and de minimis for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . The Company manages risk on this portfolio by proactively risk rating and downgrading loans based on revised cash flow expectations and collateral assessments. 
  Construction and commercial mortgage loans are secured by deeds of trust or mortgages. Construction loans are extended primarily to commercial property developers and to residential builders. At   September 30, 2016  ,   53%   of the Company s construction loan portfolio was concentrated in California,   12%   to borrowers in the state of New York and   4%   to borrowers in the state of Colorado. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio consists of loans secured by commercial income properties. At   September 30, 2016  ,   61%   of the Company s commercial mortgage loans were made to borrowers located in California,   8%   to borrowers in the state of New York and   7%   to borrowers in Washington. 
  Residential mortgage loans are originated and secured by one-to-four family residential properties, through our multiple channel network, including branches, private bankers, mortgage brokers, telephone services and web-based and mobile internet banking applications. We do not have a program for originating or purchasing subprime loan products and we hold the majority of the loans we originate. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , payment terms on   42%   of our residential mortgage loans required a monthly payment that covers the full amount of interest due, but did not reduce the principal balance. At origination, these interest-only loans had strong credit profiles and had weighted average LTV ratios of approximately   66%  . The remainder of the portfolio consisted of regularly amortizing loans.  
  
    25 

     Table of Contents  

Home equity and other consumer loans are originated principally through our branch network and Private Banking offices. Approximately   32%   of the home equity loans and lines were supported by first liens on residential properties as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . To manage risk associated with lending commitments, we review all equity-secured lines annually for creditworthiness and may reduce or freeze limits, to the extent permitted by laws and regulations. See   Note 5   to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements  in this Form 10-Q for additional information on refreshed FICO scores and refreshed LTV ratios for our residential mortgage loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our sovereign and non-sovereign debt exposure to European countries was not material.  

Market Risk Management 
    
  The objective of market risk management is to mitigate any adverse impact on earnings and capital arising from changes in interest rates and other market variables. Market risk management supports our broad objective of enhancing shareholder value, which encompasses the achievement of stable earnings growth while promoting capital stability over time. Market risk is defined as the risk of loss arising from an adverse change in the market value of financial instruments caused by fluctuations in market prices or rates. The primary market risk to which we are exposed is interest rate risk. Interest rate risk arises from instruments, positions and transactions entered into for purposes other than trading and for trading. Other than trading interest rate risk arises from  loans, securities, deposits, borrowings, securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities borrow and loan transactions, and derivative instruments. Trading interest rate risk primarily arises from trading activities at MUAH's broker-dealer subsidiary, MUSA, and derivative contracts MUB enters into as a financial intermediary for customers. 
    
  Market Risk Governance       
  The MRM Policy, adopted by the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors, governs the Company s management and oversight of market risk. The MRM Policy establishes the Company s risk tolerance by outlining standards for measuring market risk, creates Board-level limits for specific market risks, and establishes MRMC responsibilities and oversight of market risk activities. 
  ARC, composed of selected senior officers of the Company, supports the MRM Policy setting process by striving to ensure that the Company has an effective process to identify, monitor, measure and manage market risk as required by the MRM Policy. ARC provides broad and strategic guidance for market risk management by defining the risk and return direction for the Company. MRMC approves the trading policies that govern the Company s activities.   ALCO   is responsible for the approval of specific interest rate risk management programs, including those related to interest rate hedging, investment securities and wholesale funding of MUAH. 
  The Treasurer is primarily responsible for the implementation of interest rate risk management strategies approved by   ALCO   and for operational management of market risk, as defined above, through funding, investment and derivatives hedging activities. The MRM unit is responsible for monitoring market risk and functions independently of all operating and management units and subsidiaries. 
  The Company has separate and distinct methods for managing the market risk associated with our asset and liability management activities and our trading activities, as described below. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk Management  
     ALCO   monitors interest rate risk from ALM activities on a monthly basis through a variety of modeling techniques that are used to quantify the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates. Our net interest income sensitivity analysis typically involves a simulation in which we estimate the net interest income impact of gradual parallel shifts in the yield curve of up 200 basis points and down 100 basis points over a 12-month horizon using a forecasted balance sheet.  
  
    26 

     Table of Contents  

Net Interest Income Sensitivity    
  The table below presents the estimated increase (decrease) in net interest income given a gradual parallel shift in the yield curve up 200 basis points and down 100 basis points over a 12-month horizon. 

An increase in rates increases net interest income. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company's asset sensitive profile decreased due to changes in both the current balance sheet composition and forecasted balance sheet activity over the next twelve months, primarily changes attributable to the transferred IHC entities. We believe that our simulation provides management with a comprehensive view of the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates over the measurement horizon. However, as with any financial model, the underlying assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. In particular, two significant models used in interest rate risk measurement address residential mortgage prepayment speeds and non-maturity deposit rate and balance behaviors. The mortgage prepayment model is periodically calibrated to reflect changes in customer behavior. Model performance may be adversely affected by rapid changes in interest rates, home prices and the credit environment. The deposit model uses the Company s historical deposit pricing to forecast future deposit pricing in its scenarios. Management s response to future rate scenarios may deviate from historic responses as the 2008 financial crisis may have changed future competitive responses and customer behaviors with respect to deposit repricing. Actual results may differ from those derived in the simulation analysis due to unexpected market events, unanticipated changes in customer behavior, market interest rates, product pricing, and investment, funding and hedging activities. 
  Investment Securities    
  Our ALM securities portfolio includes both securities available for sale and securities held to maturity. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our ALM securities portfolio fair values were $  22.7 billion   and   $22.9 billion  , respectively. 
   Our ALM securities portfolio is comprised of RMBS, Cash Flow CLOs, CMBS, U.S. Treasury securities and government-sponsored agency securities. The portfolio had an expected weighted average life of   4.0   years at   September 30, 2016  . At   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $1.1 billion   of the portfolio was pledged to secure trust and public deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. During the   third   quarter of   2016  , we purchased   $6.2 billion   and sold   $4.1 billion   of securities, as part of our investment portfolio strategy, while   $2.8 billion   of ALM securities matured, were paid down, or were called.  
  Based on current prepayment projections, the estimated ALM securities portfolio s effective duration was   3.1   years at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   3.4   years at   December 31, 2015  . Effective duration is a measure of price sensitivity of a bond portfolio to immediate parallel shifts in interest rates. An effective duration of   3.1   years suggests an expected price decrease of approximately   3.1  % for an immediate 1.0% parallel increase in interest rates. 
  In addition to our ALM securities, our securities available for sale portfolio includes approximately   $1.6 billion   of direct bank purchase bonds that are largely managed within our Regional Bank and U.S. Wholesale Banking operating segments. These instruments are accounted for as securities, but underwritten as loans with terms that are closely aligned with traditional commercial loan features, and are subject to national bank regulatory lending authority standards. These instruments typically are not issued in bearer form, nor are they registered with the SEC or the Depository Trust Company. Additionally, these instruments generally contain certain transferability restrictions and are not assigned external credit ratings.   
  
    27 

     Table of Contents  

ALM and Other Risk Management Derivatives     
  Since   December 31, 2015  , the notional amount of the ALM derivatives portfolio   decreased   by   $0.1 billion   as we added $4.5 billion and terminated $4.6 billion total receive fixed interest rate swap contracts to hedge floating rate commercial loans. The gross positive fair value of ALM derivatives increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily as a result of changes in interest rate swap rates. 
  Other risk management derivatives are primarily used to manage interest rate related risks at MUSA. For additional discussion of derivative instruments and our hedging strategies, see   Note 10   to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements  of this Form 10-Q and   Note 11   to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in our   2015   Form 10-K. 

Trading Activities  
  Trading activities consist primarily of activities at MUAH's broker-dealer subsidiary, MUSA, and derivative contracts MUB enters into as a financial intermediary for customers. MUSA transacts as principal and agent for a variety of securities and exchange traded derivatives. By acting as a financial intermediary, MUB is able to provide our customers with access to a range of products from the securities, foreign exchange and derivatives markets. We generally take offsetting positions in these transactions to mitigate our exposure to market risk. 
  Consistent with our business strategy of focusing on the provision of capital markets services and products to customers utilizing customer relationships of the Company and its affiliates, we manage our trading risk exposures at levels adequate to support these activities. The Company monitors market risk from trading activities by utilizing a combination of position limits, VaR, and stop-loss limits, applied at an aggregated level and to various sub-components within those limits. Positions are controlled and reported both in notional and VaR terms. Our calculation of VaR estimates how high the loss in fair value might be, at a 99% confidence level, due to an adverse shift in market prices over a period of ten business days. VaR at the trading activity level is managed within the maximum limit of $38 million established by Board policy for total trading positions. The VaR model incorporates assumptions on key parameters, including holding period and historical volatility. 

28 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth the average, high and low 10-day 99% confidence level VaR for our trading activities for the three-months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

As of   September 30, 2016  , derivative notional amounts included in trading activities were comprised of   $153.6 billion   of interest rate derivative contracts,   $5.9 billion   of foreign exchange derivative contracts and   $2.4 billion   of commodity derivative contracts. Notional amounts at   September 30, 2016   also included   $0.9 billion  ,   $0.8 billion   and   $2.7 billion   of foreign exchange, commodity and equity contracts, respectively, representing our exposure to the embedded bifurcated derivatives and the related hedges contained in our market-linked CDs.  
   The following table provides the fair value of our trading account portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and the change in fair value between   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

29 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity Risk Management 
  Liquidity risk is the risk that an institution's financial condition or overall safety and soundness is adversely affected by an inability, or perceived inability, to meet its contractual, including contingent, obligations. The objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain a sufficient amount of liquidity and diversity of funding sources to allow an institution to meet obligations in both stable and adverse conditions. 
  The management of liquidity risk is governed by MUAH   ALM   and Liquidity Risk Management Policies. The MUAH   ALM   Policy is under the oversight of ALCO, which oversees first line liquidity risk management activities conducted by Treasury,  and the Audit   Finance Committee of the Board. Treasury formulates the funding, liquidity and contingency planning strategies for the Company, the Bank and MUSA, and is responsible for identifying, managing and reporting on liquidity risk. The Liquidity Risk Management Policies for the Company, the Bank and MUSA are under the oversight of the ARC and the Risk Committee of the Board. MRM conducts independent oversight and governance of liquidity risk management activities to establish sound policies and effective risk and independent monitoring controls. We are also subject to a Contingency Funding Plan framework that identifies actions to be taken to help ensure adequate liquidity if an event should occur that disrupts or adversely affects the normal funding activities of the Company, the Bank or MUSA.   
  Liquidity risk is managed using a total balance sheet perspective that analyzes all sources and uses of liquidity including loans, investments, deposits and borrowings, as well as off-balance sheet exposures. Management does not rely on any one source of liquidity and manages availability in response to changing balance sheet needs. Various tools are used to measure and monitor liquidity, including forecasting of the sources and uses of cash flows over multiple time horizons and stress testing of the forecasts under various scenarios. Stress testing, which incorporates both institution-specific, and systemic market scenarios, as well as a combination scenario that adversely affects the Company's liquidity position and profile, facilitates the identification of appropriate remedial measures to help ensure that the Company maintains adequate liquidity in adverse conditions. Such measures may include extending the maturity profile of liabilities, optimizing liability levels through pricing strategies, adding new funding sources, altering dependency on certain funding sources, adjusting asset growth and financing or selling assets.  
  We maintain a substantial level of total available liquidity in the form of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet funding sources. These include cash at the Federal Reserve, unencumbered liquid securities, and capacity to borrow on a secured basis at the FHLB of San Francisco and the Federal Reserve Bank s Discount Window. Total unpledged securities increased by   $0.8 billion   to   $21.1 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from $20.3 billion at   December 31, 2015  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank had   $3.9 billion   of short-term borrowings outstanding with the FHLB of San Francisco, and the Bank had a remaining combined unused borrowing capacity from the FHLB of San Francisco and the Federal Reserve Bank of $26.7 billion. 
    
  Our primary funding sources are core customer deposits, secured FHLB advances, and unsecured short-term and long-term debt. Core deposits, which exclude brokered deposits, foreign time deposits, domestic time deposits greater than $250,000, and certain other deposits not considered to be core customer relationships, provide us with a sizable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds. At   September 30, 2016  , our core deposits totaled   $77.4 billion   and our total loan-to-total core deposit ratio was   102.4%  . Total deposits were   up     $0.3 billion   from   $84.3 billion   at   December 31, 2015   to   $84.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  The Bank maintains a $12.0 billion unsecured bank note program. Available funding under the bank note program was $5.9 billion at   September 30, 2016  . We do not have any firm commitments in place to sell additional notes under this program. 
    
  In addition to managing liquidity risk on a consolidated basis and at each of the major subsidiaries (the Bank and MUSA), we assess and monitor liquidity at the parent company (MUAH) and the other non-bank subsidiaries. The parent company maintains sufficient liquidity to meet expected obligations, without access to the wholesale funding markets or dividends from subsidiaries, for at least 20 months  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the parent company s liquidity exceeded 20 months. 
    
  MUAH issues debt securities through a $3.6 billion shelf registration statement with the   SEC  . In February 2015, MUAH issued an aggregate of $2.2 billion of senior notes from the shelf registration statement. As of   September 30, 2016  , $1.4 billion of debt or other securities were available for issuance. We do not have any firm commitments in place to sell additional securities under this shelf registration statement. 

30 

     Table of Contents  

MUAH also borrows, on a long-term basis, from BTMU.  At   September 30, 2016  , MUAH s total debt outstanding to BTMU totaled $845 million. This compares to $300 million on   December 31, 2015  . MUAH maintains a $500 million, three-year unsecured committed line of credit from BTMU, which is available for contingent liquidity purposes.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , this line of credit was undrawn. 
    
  MUAH s subsidiaries also may borrow on a long-term basis from BTMU and affiliates. In total as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had total long-term debt issued to BTMU and affiliates of $6.1 billion including $1.2 billion of subordinated debt with a capital component. 
    
  The Company s total wholesale funding included $10.8 billion of long term debt (excluding nonrecourse debt) and $5.9 billion of short-term debt at   September 30, 2016  . For additional information regarding our outstanding debt, refer to   Note 7   and   Note 8   of our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements  of this Form 10-Q. We evaluate and monitor the stability and reliability of our various funding sources to help ensure that we have sufficient liquidity in adverse circumstances. 
    
  Our costs and ability to raise funds in the capital markets are influenced by our credit ratings. The following table provides our credit ratings as of   September 30, 2016  : 

MUFG Union Bank, N.A. 
      
    MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 
      
    MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation 

Deposits 
      
    Senior Debt 
      
    Senior Debt 
      
    Senior Debt 
      
      Standard   Poor's  
    Long-term 

A+ 
      
    A+ 
      
    A 

Short-term 

A-1 
      
    A-1 
      
    A-1 
      
      Moody's 
    Long-term 
    Aa2 
      
    A2 

A3 

Short-term 
    P-1 
      
    P-1 

Fitch 
    Long-term 
    A+ 
      
    A 
      
    A 
      
    A 

Short-term 
    F1 
      
    F1 
      
    F1 
      
    F1 

For further information, including information about rating agency assessments, see    The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ s and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group s credit ratings and financial or regulatory condition could adversely affect our operations    and "  Our credit ratings are important in order to maintain liquidity"   in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
    
  The   OCC  , the Federal Reserve and the   FDIC   jointly adopted a final rule to implement a standardized quantitative liquidity requirement generally consistent with the   LCR   standards established by the   BCBS  . The   LCR   rule is designed to ensure that covered banking organizations maintain an adequate level of cash and HQLA, such as central bank reserves and government and corporate debt, to meet estimated net liquidity needs in a short-term stress scenario using liquidity inflow and outflow assumptions provided in the rule (net cash outflow). The phase-in period began on January 1, 2016, with full compliance required by January 1, 2017.  The Company is in compliance with the LCR requirements.  
    
  For further information regarding this rule, see "Supervision and Regulation-Regulatory Capital and Liquidity Standards-Liquidity Coverage Ratio" in Part I, Item 1. and    The effects of changes or increases in, or supervisory enforcement of, banking or other laws and regulations or governmental fiscal or monetary policies could adversely affect us    in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our   2015   Form 10-K. 

31 

Table of Contents  

Operational Risk Management 
  Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. This definition includes legal risk, which includes exposure to fines, penalties, or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements, but excludes strategic and reputation risk. In particular, information security is a significant operational risk element for the Company and includes the risk of losses resulting from cyber attacks.  See    We are subject to a wide array of operational risks, including, but not limited to, cyber-security risks    in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in this Form 10-Q. Operational risk is mitigated through a system of internal controls that are designed to keep these risks at appropriate levels. For additional information regarding our operational risk management policies, refer to the section  Operational Risk Management  included in Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
   
   Business Segments  
    
  We have five reportable segments: Regional Bank, U.S. Wholesale Banking, Transaction Banking,  Investment Banking   Markets and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. For a more detailed description of these reportable segments, refer to   Note 14   to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements  of this Form 10-Q.  
    
  Unlike U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), there is no standardized or authoritative guidance for management accounting. Consequently, reported results are not necessarily comparable with those presented by other companies and they are not necessarily indicative of the results that would be reported by our business units if they were unique economic entities. The information set forth in the tables that follow is prepared using various management accounting methodologies to measure the performance of the individual segments.   During the normal course of business, the Company occasionally changes or updates its management accounting methodologies or organizational structure. Beginning with the second quarter of 2016, the Company revised its methodology for allocating certain indirect costs to the segments. Beginning with the third quarter of 2016, the Company revised its funds transfer pricing methodology related to certain deposits. Prior period results have been updated to reflect this change in methodology. The transferred IHC entities are not measured using a "market view" perspective.   For a description of these methodologies, see   Note 14   to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements  of this Form 10-Q.   
  Regional Bank    
  The Regional Bank provides banking products and services to West Coast individuals and businesses generally with up to $500 million in annual revenue. Products and services are delivered primarily through a network of branches and ATMs, private banking offices, broker mortgage referrals, relationship managers, call centers and digital channels. Consumer products and services include deposit accounts, mortgages, home equity loans, consumer loans, and credit cards.  
  Commercial credit products include commercial loans and accounts receivable, inventory and trade financing primarily to corporate customers based on the U.S. West Coast, and real estate financing to professional real estate investors and developers nationwide. Corporate customers are also offered a range of non-credit products and services, which include global treasury management, capital market solutions, foreign exchange and interest rate risk management products. The Regional Bank also provides comprehensive wealth management, investment and retirement products and services through its Wealth Markets division. 
  
    32 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth the results for the Regional Bank segment: 

Net interest income increased slightly in 2016 as the impact of higher average loan and deposit balances were largely offset by declining loan yields. Noninterest expense decreased during the third quarter of 2016 due to a decrease in allocated costs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 noninterest expense decreased due to a reduction in allocated costs, the impact of expense reduction measures, and a contract termination fee during the second quarter of 2015. The provision for credit losses in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in historical loss factors, reflecting the impact of losses recorded in the commercial loan portfolio, largely in the oil and gas portfolio, and the inclusion of the retail credit card portfolio that MUAH purchased in the third quarter of 2016. 
  
    33 

     Table of Contents  

U.S. Wholesale Banking  
  U.S. Wholesale Banking provides commercial lending products, including commercial loans, lines of credit and project financing, to corporate customers with revenues greater than $500 million. The segment employs an industry-focused strategy including dedicated coverage teams in General Industries, Power and Utilities, Oil and Gas, Telecom and Media, Technology, Healthcare and Nonprofit, Public Finance  ,   and Financial Institutions (predominantly Insurance and Asset Managers). By working with the Company's other segments, U.S. Wholesale Banking offers its customers a range of noncredit services, which include global treasury management, capital market solutions, and various foreign exchange, interest rate risk and commodity risk management products. 
  The following table sets forth the results for the U.S. Wholesale Banking segment: 

Net interest income increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of higher average loan balances, partially offset by declining yields. Noninterest income was higher due largely to an increase in income from capital markets transactions, including syndication fees. Noninterest expense decreased due to lower salaries and employee benefits expense. The provision for credit losses in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is due to increased reserves for the oil and gas portfolio during the first half of the year, which has stabilized as reflected in a much lower provision for credit losses in the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
  
    34 

     Table of Contents  

Transaction Banking 
  Transaction Banking works alongside the Company's other segments to provide working capital management and asset servicing solutions, including deposits and treasury management, trade finance, and institutional trust and custody, to the Company's customers. The client base consists of financial institutions, corporations, government agencies, insurance companies, mutual funds, investment managers and non-profit organizations. 
  The following table sets forth the results for the Transaction Banking segment: 

Transaction Banking earns revenue primarily from a net interest income funds transfer pricing credit on deposit liabilities, as well as service charges on deposit accounts and trust management fees. Net interest income increased due to higher deposit balances and an increase in the funds transfer pricing credit rate. Noninterest income increased due to an increase in trust and investment management fees. The increase in noninterest expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included the impact of customer product development activities and fixed asset impairments.      

35 

     Table of Contents  

Investment Banking   Markets 
  Investment Banking   Markets, which includes Global Capital Markets of the Americas, works with the Company's other segments to provide customers structured credit services, including project finance, leasing and equipment finance, commercial finance, funds finance and securitizations. Investment Banking   Markets also provides capital markets solutions, including syndicated loans, equity and debt underwriting, tax equity and merchant banking investments; risk management solutions, including foreign exchange, interest rate and energy risk management solutions; and facilitates merchant and investment banking-related transactions. 
  The following table sets forth the results for the Investment Banking   Markets segment: 

nm = not meaningful 

The decrease in net interest income was due to lower yields in 2016. Noninterest income increased in the   third   quarter of 2016 due to increases in trading account activities, syndication fees, gains on sales of   investments and an increase in income from renewable energy investments. The provision for credit losses for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was due to the deterioration in credit quality of certain customers affected by low energy prices. 

36 

     Table of Contents  

MUFG Securities Americas Inc.  
  MUSA is MUAH's broker-dealer subsidiary which engages in capital markets origination transactions, private placements, collateralized financings, securities borrow and loan transactions, and domestic and foreign debt and equity securities transactions. 
  The following table sets forth the results for the MUSA segment: 

Net interest income increased due to higher yields on securities borrowed and purchased under resale agreements, due in part to money market fund reforms, and higher balances and yields on trading account assets. Noninterest income increased in the   third   quarter of 2016 due to an increase in investment banking fees and in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to an increase in fees from affiliates. Noninterest expense increased due to increases in salaries and employee benefits expense and affiliate revenue sharing expense. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

Other 
   "Other" includes the Asian Corporate Banking segment, which offers a range of credit, deposit, and investment management products and services to companies located primarily in the U.S. that are affiliated with companies headquartered in Japan and other Asian countries; Corporate Treasury, which is responsible for   ALM  , wholesale funding, and the   ALM   investment securities and derivatives hedging portfolios; and certain corporate activities of the Company.  
  In addition, "Other" includes the elimination of duplicative results from the internal management "market view" perspective;  the funds transfer pricing center and credits allocated to the reportable segments; the residual costs of support groups; fees from affiliates and noninterest expenses associated with BTMU's U.S. branch banking operations; the unallocated allowance; goodwill, intangible assets, and the related amortization/accretion associated with the Company's privatization transaction; the elimination of the fully taxable-equivalent basis amount; the difference between the marginal tax rate and the consolidated effective tax rate; and the FDIC covered assets. 
  The following table sets forth the results for Other: 

38 

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Estimates 
  MUAH s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which includes management estimates and judgments. The financial information contained within our statements is, to a significant extent, financial information that is based on estimates used to measure the financial effects of transactions and events that have already occurred. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset or relieving a liability. For example, we use discount factors and other assumptions to measure certain assets and liabilities. A change in the discount factor or other important assumptions could significantly increase or decrease the reported amounts of those assets and liabilities and result in either a beneficial or an adverse impact to our financial results. We use historical loss factors, adjusted for current conditions, to estimate the credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolios held for investment and certain off-balance sheet commitments on the balance sheet date. Actual losses could differ significantly from the loss factors that we use. Other significant estimates that we use include the valuation of certain derivatives and securities, the assumptions used in measuring our transfer pricing revenue, pension obligations, goodwill impairment, and assumptions regarding our effective tax rates. 
  Management has reviewed and approved these critical accounting policies and has discussed these policies with the Audit   Finance Committee. 
  Understanding our accounting policies is fundamental to understanding our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. Accordingly, both our critical accounting estimates and our significant accounting policies are discussed in detail in our   2015   Form 10-K. There have been no material changes to these critical accounting estimates during the   third   quarter of   2016  . 
   
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  The following tables present a reconciliation between certain Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) amounts and specific non-GAAP measures as used to compute selected non-GAAP financial ratios.  
  The following table shows the calculation of return on average MUAH tangible common equity for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(1)     Annualized. 
  
    39 

     Table of Contents  

The following table shows performance ratios excluding MUSA for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Management believes these ratios provide useful supplemental information on the results of MUAH's banking business. 

(1)     Annualized. 
  The following table shows the calculation of the net interest margin excluding MUSA for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(1) 
    Annualized. 

40 

     Table of Contents  

The adjusted efficiency ratio and the adjusted efficiency ratio excluding MUSA are non-GAAP financial measures used by management to measure the efficiency of our operations, focusing on those costs management believes to be most relevant to our core business activities. Productivity initiative costs include salaries and benefits associated with operational efficiency enhancements. The following tables show the calculation of this ratio for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

41 

Table of Contents  

Disclosure of Iranian Activities under Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
  We are disclosing the following information pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, which requires an issuer to disclose whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with natural persons or entities designated by the U.S. government under specified Executive Orders. The scope of activities that must be reported includes activities not prohibited by U.S. law and conducted outside the United States in compliance with applicable local law. Because we are indirectly wholly-owned by MUFG, a Japanese corporation, our disclosure includes activities, transactions or dealings conducted outside the United States by non-U.S. affiliates of MUFG which are not controlled by us. We have requested that MUFG provide us a description of reportable activity under Section 13(r) and have received the following information:  
  During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, a non-U.S. subsidiary of MUFG engaged in business activities with entities in, or affiliated with, Iran, including counterparties owned or controlled by the Iranian government. Specifically, MUFG s non-U.S. banking subsidiary, BTMU, issued letters of credit and guarantees and provided remittance and other settlement services mainly in connection with customer transactions related to the purchase and exportation of Iranian crude oil to Japan, and in some cases, in connection with other petroleum-related transactions with Iran by its customers. These transactions did not involve U.S. dollars nor clearing services of U.S. banks for the settlement of payments. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the aggregate interest and fee income relating to these transactions was less than  25 million, representing less than 0.005 percent of MUFG s total interest and fee income. Some of these transactions were conducted through the use of non-U.S. dollar correspondent accounts and other similar settlement accounts maintained with BTMU outside the United States by Iranian financial institutions and other entities in, or affiliated with, Iran. In addition to such accounts, BTMU receives deposits in Japan from, and provides settlement services in Japan to, fewer than ten Iranian government-related entities and fewer than 100 Iranian government-related individuals such as Iranian diplomats, and maintains settlement accounts outside the United States for certain other financial institutions specified in Executive Order 13382, which settlement accounts were frozen in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the average aggregate balance of deposits held in these accounts represented less than 0.09 percent of the average balance of MUFG s total deposits. The fee income from the transactions attributable to these account holders was less than  2 million, representing less than 0.001 percent of MUFG s total fee income. BTMU also holds loans that were arranged prior to changes in applicable laws and regulations to borrowers in, or affiliated with, Iran, including entities owned by the Iranian government, the outstanding balance of which was less than  200 million, representing less than 0.001 percent of MUFG s total loans, as of September 30, 2016. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the aggregate gross interest and fee income relating to these loan transactions was less than  20 million, representing less than 0.005 percent of MUFG s total interest and fee income.  
  We understand that BTMU will continue to participate in these types of transactions. Following the international relaxation of sanctions against Iran in January 2016, we understand that BTMU has begun to participate in a broader range of banking transactions involving Iran, subject to compliance with applicable U.S. and Japanese regulations and remaining Japanese and international sanctions. 
   
  Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  A discussion of our market risk exposure is incorporated by reference to Part I, Item 2. of this Form 10-Q under the caption  Risk Management - Market Risk Management  and to Part II, Item 1A. of this Form 10-Q under the caption  Risk Factors.  
  
    42 

Table of Contents  

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures  . Our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) have concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of   September 30, 2016  . This conclusion is based on an evaluation conducted under the supervision, and with the participation, of management. Disclosure controls and procedures are those controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in this filing is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner and in accordance with the SEC s rules and regulations and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  . During the   third   quarter of   2016  , there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
    43 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.   Financial Statements 
   
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Income 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    44 

Table of Contents  

MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

45 

Table of Contents  

MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    46 

Table of Contents  

MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    47 

Table of Contents  

MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    48 

Table of Contents  

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Nature of Operations 
  MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation (MUAH) is a financial holding company and a bank holding company whose principal subsidiaries are MUFG Union Bank, N.A. (MUB or the Bank) and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. (MUSA) (formerly Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.). MUAH provides a wide range of financial services to consumers, small businesses, middle-market companies and major corporations nationally and internationally.  The unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation, its subsidiaries, and its consolidated variable interest entities (the Company) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) for interim financial reporting and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X of the Rules and Regulations of the SEC. However, they do not include all of the disclosures necessary for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The results of operations for the   third   quarter of   2016   are not necessarily indicative of the operating results anticipated for the full year. These unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (  2015   Form 10-K).  
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP also requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting period. Although such estimates contemplate current conditions and management s expectations of how they may change in the future, it is reasonably possible that actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. This could materially affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition in the near term. Significant estimates made by management in the preparation of the Company s financial statements include, but are not limited to, the evaluation of other-than-temporary impairment on investment securities (  Note 4  ), the allowance for credit losses (  Note 5  ), goodwill impairment, fair value of financial instruments (  Note 9  ), hedge accounting (  Note 10  ), pension accounting (  Note 12  ), income taxes, and transfer pricing.  
  The financial information included for all periods presented reflects the designation of MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation (MUAH) as the U.S. Intermediate Holding Company (IHC) of its ultimate parent, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (MUFG) on July 1, 2016, in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board s final rules for Enhanced Prudential Standards. The IHC formation resulted in the transfer of interests in substantially all of MUFG s U.S. subsidiaries to MUAH. The subsidiaries include MUSA, a registered broker-dealer, and various other non-bank subsidiaries. The assets received and liabilities assumed were transferred at their carrying amount, and all prior periods have been revised to include the results of the transferred IHC entities. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents include cash and due from banks, interest bearing deposits in banks and federal funds sold. 
  Securities Borrowed or Purchased under Agreements to Resell and Securities Loaned or Sold under Agreements to Repurchase 
    
  Securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions do not qualify for sale accounting and therefore are not recognized on the transferee's balance sheet. Securities borrowed and securities loaned represent the amount of cash collateral advanced or received, respectively. The Company monitors the market value of the borrowed and loaned securities on a daily basis, with additional collateral obtained or refunded as necessary. Accrued interest associated with securities borrowed and securities loaned is included in other assets and other liabilities, respectively. Interest associated with securities borrowed and securities loaned is recorded as interest income and interest expense, respectively. 
    
  Securities purchased under agreements to resell ( reverse repurchase agreements ) and securities sold under agreements to repurchase ( repurchase agreements ) do not qualify for sale accounting and therefore are not recognized on the transferee's balance sheet. Transactions involving reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements are accounted for as collateralized financings. These agreements are recorded at the amounts at which the securities were acquired or sold and are carried at amortized cost. The Company generally obtains possession of collateral with a market value equal to or in excess of the principal amount  
  
    49 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Nature of Operations (Continued) 

financed under reverse repurchase agreements. Collateral is valued daily, and the Company may require counterparties to deposit additional collateral or return collateral pledged, when appropriate. Accrued interest associated with reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements is included in other assets and other liabilities, respectively. Interest associated with reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements is recorded as interest income and interest expense, respectively. The Company generally enters into reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements under legally enforceable master repurchase agreements that give the Company, in the event of counterparty default, the right to liquidate securities held and offset receivables and payables with the same counterparty. The Company offsets reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements with the same counterparty where they have a legally enforceable master netting agreement and the transactions have the same maturity date. 
    
  Investment Banking and Syndication Fees 
    
  Investment banking and syndication fees include fees earned from investment banking, loan syndication and similar capital markets transactions. Previously investment banking, syndication and risk participation fee income were included in merchant banking fees. Risk participation fee income is now included in other, net within noninterest income. All periods have been revised to reflect these classifications within noninterest income. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which provides guidance on the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU applies to all contracts with customers, except financial instruments, guarantees, lease contracts, insurance contracts and certain non-monetary exchanges. It provides the following five-step revenue recognition model: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In addition, the ASU requires additional disclosure of the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. In August 2015 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Deferral of the Effective Date  , which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 to interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted in 2017. Management does not expect the adoption of this guidance to significantly impact the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
    
  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  , which amends the accounting, presentation, and disclosure requirements for certain financial instruments. The ASU requires that all equity investments be recorded at fair value through net income (other than those accounted for under equity method or result in consolidation of the investee); however, an entity may choose to measure equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.  The ASU also requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability under the fair value option.  The ASU also clarifies that an entity must evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available for sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets.  In addition, the ASU amends the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments and now requires the use of an exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes.  The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted for the amendments to the accounting for financial liabilities under the fair value option. Management does not expect the adoption of this guidance to significantly impact the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
  
    50 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Nature of Operations (Continued) 

Accounting for Leases 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  , which will require entities that lease assets (i.e., lessees) to recognize assets and liabilities on their balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by those leases (where lease terms are greater than twelve months).  The accounting by entities that own the assets leased (i.e., lessors) will remain largely unchanged; however, leveraged lease accounting will no longer be permitted for leases that commence after the effective date. The ASU will also require qualitative and quantitative disclosures about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases.  The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2019 and requires a modified retrospective approach, with early adoption permitted. Management is currently assessing the impact of this guidance on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
    
    Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,   Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships  , which clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship.  However, entities will still need to evaluate whether all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met.  The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted.  Entities have the option to adopt the new guidance on a prospective basis to new derivative contract novations or on a modified retrospective basis.  Management does not expect the adoption of this guidance to significantly impact the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
    
  Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06,   Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments  , which clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent put or call options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts.  Current guidance indicates that a contingently exercisable put or call option is clearly and closely related to the debt host if it is indexed only to interest rates or credit risk, but was unclear whether the nature of the exercise contingency itself should be considered in this evaluation. The ASU clarifies that an entity would not separately assess whether the contingency itself is indexed only to interest rates or the credit risk of the entity to conclude the option is clearly and closely related. This guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted.  The ASU is required to be applied on a modified retrospective basis to all existing and future debt instruments and an entity will be able to elect the fair value option at transition for the entire debt instrument.  Management does not expect the adoption of this guidance to significantly impact the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
    
  Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,   Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  , which eliminates the requirement to apply the equity method of accounting retrospectively when an investor obtains significant influence over an existing investee.   The ASU requires that (1) the equity method be applied prospectively from the date significant influence is obtained, and (2) investors add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of their previously held interest. The ASU also provides specific guidance for available-for-sale securities that become eligible for the equity method whereby any unrealized gain or loss recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income must be recognized in earnings on the date the investment initially qualifies for the equity method. The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted.  Adoption of this guidance will not significantly impact the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
       
  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  .  The ASU amends ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , with respect to assessing whether an entity is a principal (and thus presents revenue gross) or an agent (and thus  
  
    51 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Nature of Operations (Continued) 

presents revenue net).  The amendments retain the guidance that the principal in an arrangement controls a good or service before it is transferred to a customer and clarify: (1) that an entity must first identify the specified good or service being provided to the customer; (2) that the unit of account for the principal versus agent assessment is each specified good or service promised in a contract; (3) indicators and examples to help an entity evaluate whether it is the principal; and (4) how to assess whether an entity controls services performed by another party.  The ASU is effective upon the adoption of ASU 2014-09, which is effective for periods beginning January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted in 2017.  Management does not expect the adoption of this guidance to significantly impact the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
    
  Accounting for Share-Based Payments 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . The ASU requires recognition of any difference between the deduction for tax purposes and compensation cost recognized for financial reporting purposes as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement (as opposed to recognizing certain excess tax benefits in additional paid-in capital).  The tax effects of exercised or vested awards are now also required to be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur (rather than through the annual estimated effective tax rate) and excess tax benefits must be recognized regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period. Excess tax benefits are now classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity, as opposed to a financing activity.  With respect to accounting for forfeitures, an entity can now make an accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur.  Additionally, entities may now partially settle awards in cash up to the maximum statutory tax rates in the applicable jurisdictions, without precluding equity classification of the award (current GAAP allows only up to the minimum statutory withholding requirements). The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. Management is currently assessing the impact of this guidance on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
    
    Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  , which provides new guidance on the accounting for credit losses for instruments that are within its scope. For loans and debt securities accounted for at amortized cost, certain off-balance sheet credit exposures, net investments in leases, and trade receivables, the ASU requires an entity to recognize its estimate of credit losses expected over the life of the financial instrument or exposure.  Lifetime expected credit losses on purchased financial assets with credit deterioration will be recognized as an allowance with an offset to the cost basis of the asset.  For available for sale debt securities, the new standard will require recognition of expected credit losses by recognizing an allowance for credit losses when the fair value of the security is below amortized cost and the recognition of this allowance is limited to the difference between the security s amortized cost basis and fair value.    The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted in 2019.   Management is currently assessing the impact of the ASU on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
    
  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash  
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, to address diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.  The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted.  Management is currently assessing the impact of this guidance. 
    
  Income Tax Consequences of Intra-Entity Asset Transfers 
       
  In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,   Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  , to improve the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity assets other than inventory.  The ASU will require recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs.  The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted.  Management does not expect adoption of this guidance to significantly impact the Company's financial position and results of operations. 
  
    52 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Nature of Operations (Continued) 

Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control 
    
  In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-17,   Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control  , which eliminates the requirement that a single decision maker of a variable interest entity treat a common control party s interests in that entity as if the decision maker holds those interests directly (in their entirety) in determining whether the decision maker is the primary beneficiary and should consolidate the entity.  The ASU now requires that the indirect interest held by a related party be considered by the decision maker on a proportionate basis.  The decision maker will be subject to a tie-breaker test with the related party (to determine which one of the parties should nonetheless consolidate the entity) in the event (1) its proportionate indirect interests in the entity does not provide it with potentially significant economics, and (2) any portion of the indirect interests are held by a common control party.  The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted.  Management does not expect the adoption of this guidance to significantly impact the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

Note 2 Correction of Prior Period Amounts 
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company corrected a prior period error related to the recognition of income associated with two LIHC investment fund structures. This error affected historical periods beginning in 2010 through December 31, 2015. The Company recognized certain noninterest income amounts related to transactions with the two LIHC investment fund structures. These amounts should not have been recorded in earnings until the investments were liquidated or deconsolidated. This error was not material to any of the Company's previously issued financial statements. In accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108,   Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements   (SAB 108)  ,   the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 and the consolidated statements of changes in stockholder's equity for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 have been adjusted to reflect the correction of this error. 
    
  The following tables show the affected line items within the consolidated financial statements:   

Note 3 Securities Financing Arrangements       
  The Company enters into derivative transactions, securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions. The Company executes these transactions to facilitate customer match-book activity, cover short positions and to fund the Company's trading inventory. The Company manages credit exposure from certain transactions by entering into master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with counterparties. The relevant agreements allow for the efficient closeout of the transaction, liquidation and set-off of collateral against the net amount owed by the counterparty following a default. In certain cases the Company may agree for collateral to be posted to a third party custodian under a tri-party arrangement that enables the Company to take control of  
  
    53 

               Table of Contents  
          Note 3 Securities Financing Arrangements (Continued) 

such collateral in the event of a counterparty default. Default events generally include, among other things, failure to pay, insolvency or bankruptcy of a counterparty. 
    
  The Company primarily enters into derivative contracts, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements with counterparties utilizing standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreements, Master Repurchase Agreements, and Master Securities Lending Agreements, respectively. These agreements generally establish the terms and conditions of the transactions, including a legal right to set-off amounts payable and receivable between the Company and a counterparty, regardless of whether or not such amounts have matured or have contingency features. 
    
  The following tables present the offsetting of financial assets and liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

54 

               Table of Contents  
          Note 3 Securities Financing Arrangements (Continued) 

The following tables present the gross obligations for securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and securities loaned by remaining contractual maturity and class of collateral pledged as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Company enters into reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities borrow and loan transactions. Under these agreements and transactions, the Company either receives or provides collateral. The Company receives collateral in the form of securities in connection with reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed transactions. In many cases, the Company is permitted to sell or repledge  
  
    55 

               Table of Contents  
          Note 3 Securities Financing Arrangements (Continued) 

these securities held as collateral and use the securities to secure repurchase agreements or enter into securities lending transactions.   At   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of securities received as collateral, prior to netting, was   $29.1 billion   and the fair value of the portion that had been sold or repledged was   $28.5 billion  . At   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of securities received as collateral, prior to netting, was   $37.0 billion   and the fair value of the portion that had been sold or repledged was   $35.6 billion  .  

Note 4 Securities 
    
  Securities Available for Sale 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and fair values of securities available for sale are presented below.  

56 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 4 Securities (Continued) 

The Company s securities available for sale with a continuous unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are shown below, identified for periods less than 12 months and 12 months or more. 

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have the intent to sell any securities in an unrealized loss position before a recovery of the amortized cost, which may be at maturity. The Company also believes that it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell the securities prior to recovery of amortized cost.  
  Agency residential mortgage-backed securities consist of securities guaranteed by a U.S. government agency or a government-sponsored agency such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. These securities are collateralized by residential mortgage loans and may be prepaid at par prior to maturity. The unrealized losses on agency residential mortgage-backed securities resulted from changes in interest rates and not from changes in credit quality. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company expects to recover the entire amortized cost  
  
    57 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 4 Securities (Continued) 

basis of these securities because the Company determined that the strength of the issuers  guarantees through direct obligations or support from the U.S. government is sufficient to protect the Company from losses.  
  Commercial mortgage-backed securities are collateralized by commercial mortgage loans and are generally subject to prepayment penalties. The unrealized losses on commercial mortgage-backed securities resulted from higher market yields since purchase. Cash flow analysis of the underlying collateral provides an estimate of other-than-temporary impairment, which is performed quarterly when the fair value of a security is lower than its amortized cost. Based on the analysis performed as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. 
  The Company s CLOs consist of Cash Flow CLOs. A Cash Flow CLO is a structured finance product that securitizes a diversified pool of loan assets into multiple classes of notes. Cash Flow CLOs pay the note holders through the receipt of interest and principal repayments from the underlying loans unlike other types of CLOs that pay note holders through the trading and sale of underlying collateral. Unrealized losses typically arise from widening credit spreads and deteriorating credit quality of the underlying collateral. Cash flow analysis of the underlying collateral provides an estimate of other-than-temporary impairment, which is performed quarterly when the fair value of a security is lower than its amortized cost.  Based on the analysis performed as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. 
  Other debt securities primarily consist of direct bank purchase bonds, which are not rated by external credit rating agencies. The unrealized losses on these bonds resulted from a higher return on capital expected by the secondary market compared with the return on capital required at the time of origination when the bonds were purchased. The Company estimates the unrealized loss for each security by assessing the underlying collateral of each security. The Company estimates the portion of loss attributable to credit based on the expected cash flows of the underlying collateral using estimates of current key assumptions, such as probability of default and loss severity. Cash flow analysis of the underlying collateral provides an estimate of other-than-temporary impairment, which is performed quarterly when the fair value of a security is lower than its amortized cost and potential impairment is identified. Based on the analysis performed as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. 
  The fair value of debt securities available for sale by contractual maturity are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. 

58 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 4 Securities (Continued) 

The gross realized gains and losses from sales of available for sale securities for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   are shown below. The specific identification method is used to calculate realized gains and losses on sales. 

Securities Held to Maturity 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses recognized in OCI, carrying amount, gross unrealized gains and losses not recognized in OCI, and fair values of securities held to maturity are presented below. Management has asserted the positive intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity.  

Amortized cost is defined as the original purchase cost, adjusted for any accretion or amortization of a purchase discount or premium, less principal payments and any impairment previously recognized in earnings. The carrying amount is the difference between the amortized cost and the amount recognized in OCI. The amount recognized in OCI primarily reflects the unrealized gain or loss at date of transfer from available for sale to the held to maturity classification, net of amortization, which is recorded in interest income on securities.  
  
    59 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 4 Securities (Continued) 

The Company s securities held to maturity with a continuous unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are shown below, separately for periods less than 12 months and 12 months or more. 

60 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 4 Securities (Continued) 

The carrying amount and fair value of securities held to maturity by contractual maturity are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. 

Securities Pledged and Received as Collateral 
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company pledged   $9.3 billion   and   $5.4 billion  , respectively, of available for sale and trading securities as collateral, of which   $1.2 billion   and   $0.6 billion  , respectively, was permitted to be sold or repledged. These securities were pledged as collateral for derivative liability positions, securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements, short term borrowings and to secure public and trust department deposits. 
  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company received   $29.2 billion   and   $37.0 billion  , respectively, of collateral, of which   $29.1 billion   and   $37.0 billion  , respectively, was permitted to be sold or repledged. Of the collateral received, the Company sold or repledged   $28.5 billion   and   $35.6 billion   at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively for derivative asset positions and securities borrowed or sold under repurchase agreements.  
  For further information related to the Company's significant accounting policies on securities pledged as collateral, see   Note 1   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in our   2015   Form 10-K. 

61 

Table of Contents  

Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The following table provides the outstanding balances of loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

(1) 
    Includes   $12 million   and   $19 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, of loans for which the Company will be reimbursed a portion of any future losses under the terms of the FDIC loss share agreements.  
        
  Allowance for Loan Losses 
    
  The following tables provide a reconciliation of changes in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment: 

62 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued) 

The following tables show the allowance for loan losses and related loan balances by portfolio segment as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

63 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued) 

Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans 
  The following table presents nonaccrual loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The following tables show an aging of the balance of loans held for investment, excluding PCI loans, by class as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing totaled   $10 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $2 million   at   December 31, 2015  . PCI loans that were   90 days   or more past due and still accruing totaled   $13 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $16 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 

64 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued) 

Credit Quality Indicators  
  Management analyzes the Company s loan portfolios by applying specific monitoring policies and procedures that vary according to the relative risk profile and other characteristics within the various loan portfolios. For further information related to the credit quality indicators the Company uses to monitor the portfolio, see   Note 3   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in our   2015   Form 10-K.  
  The following tables summarize the loans in the commercial portfolio segment and commercial loans outstanding within the PCI loans segment monitored for credit quality based on internal ratings. The amounts presented reflect unpaid principal balances less charge-offs. 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the commercial portfolio included   $1.1 billion   and   $1.2 billion  , respectively, in criticized loans within the oil and gas industry sector of the portfolio. Criticized loans include both special mention and classified loans. 

65 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued) 

The Company monitors the credit quality of its consumer portfolio segment and consumer loans within the PCI loans segment based primarily on payment status. The following tables summarize the loans in the consumer portfolio segment and PCI loans segment, which excludes   $11 million   and   $18 million   of loans covered by FDIC loss share agreements, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively:  

The Company also monitors the credit quality for substantially all of its consumer portfolio segment using credit scores provided by FICO and refreshed LTV ratios. FICO credit scores are refreshed at least quarterly to monitor the quality of the portfolio. Refreshed LTV measures the principal balance of the loan as a percentage of the estimated current value of the property securing the loan. Home equity loans are evaluated using combined LTV, which measures the principal balance of the combined loans that have liens against the property (including unused credit lines for home equity products) as a percentage of the estimated current value of the property securing the loans. The LTV ratios are refreshed on a quarterly basis, using the most recent home pricing index data available for the property location.    
    
  The following tables summarize the loans in the consumer portfolio segment and consumer loans within the PCI loans segment monitored for credit quality based on refreshed FICO scores and refreshed LTV ratios at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . These tables exclude loans covered by FDIC loss share agreements, as discussed above. The amounts presented reflect unpaid principal balances less partial charge-offs. 

(1) 
    Represents loans for which management was not able to obtain an updated FICO score (e.g., due to recent profile changes). 
     
    66 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued) 

(1) 
    Represents loans for which management was not able to obtain an updated FICO score (e.g., due to recent profile changes). 

(1) 
    Represents loans for which management was not able to obtain refreshed property values. 

(1) 
    Represents loans for which management was not able to obtain refreshed property values. 

67 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued) 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  The following table provides a summary of the Company s recorded investment in TDRs as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The summary includes those TDRs that are on nonaccrual status and those that continue to accrue interest. The Company had   $59 million   and   $98 million   in commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers with loan modifications classified as TDRs as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

For the   third   quarter of   2016  , TDR modifications in the commercial portfolio segment were primarily composed of interest rate changes, maturity extensions, covenant waivers, conversions from revolving lines of credit to term loans, or some combination thereof. In the consumer portfolio segment, primarily all of the modifications were composed of interest rate reductions and maturity extensions. Charge-offs related to TDR modifications for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   were de minimis. For the commercial and consumer portfolio segments, the allowance for loan losses for TDRs is measured on an individual loan basis or in pools with similar risk characteristics.  

68 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued) 

The following table provides the pre- and post-modification outstanding recorded investment amounts of TDRs as of the date of the restructuring that occurred during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

(1) 
    Represents the recorded investment in the loan immediately prior to the restructuring event. 
              (2) 
    Represents the recorded investment in the loan immediately following the restructuring event. It includes the effect of paydowns that were required as part of the restructuring terms. 

(1) 
    Represents the recorded investment in the loan immediately prior to the restructuring event. 
              (2) 
    Represents the recorded investment in the loan immediately following the restructuring event. It includes the effect of paydowns that were required as part of the restructuring terms. 

69 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued) 

The following table provides the recorded investment amounts of TDRs at the date of default, for which there was a payment default during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and where the default occurred within the first twelve months after modification into a TDR. A payment default is defined as the loan being   60 days   or more past due. 

(Dollars in millions) 
      
    For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
      
    For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
      Commercial and industrial 
      
    $ 

$ 
    25 
      
      Commercial mortgage 

3 
      
         Total commercial portfolio 

28 
      
      Residential mortgage 
      
    4 

4 
      
      Home equity and other consumer loans 

Total consumer portfolio 
      
    4 

4 
      
      Total 
      
    $ 
    4 

$ 
    32 

For loans in the consumer portfolio in which impairment is measured using the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, historical payment defaults and the propensity to redefault are some of the factors considered when determining the allowance for loan losses.  
  Loan Impairment 
  Loans that are individually evaluated for impairment include larger nonaccruing loans within the commercial and industrial, construction, and commercial mortgage loan portfolios and loans modified in a TDR. The Company records an impairment allowance when the value of an impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan. 
  The following tables show information about impaired loans by class as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

70 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued) 

The following table presents the average recorded investment in impaired loans and the amount of interest income recognized for impaired loans during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   for the commercial, consumer and PCI loans portfolio segments.  

The Company transferred a net   $969 million   of commercial loans from held for investment to held for sale during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and a net   $284 million   of commercial loans from held for investment to held for sale during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . Proceeds from the sale of commercial loans were   $734 million   and   $263 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The Company transferred   $344 million   of consumer loans from held for investment to held for sale during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   $583 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . No consumer loans were sold during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Proceeds from the sale of consumer loans were   $597 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 

71 

Table of Contents  

Note 6 Variable Interest Entities  
  In the normal course of business, the Company has certain financial interests in entities which have been determined to be VIEs. Generally, a VIE is a corporation, partnership, trust or other legal structure where the equity investors do not have substantive voting rights, an obligation to absorb the entity s losses or the right to receive the entity s returns, or the ability to direct the significant activities of the entity. The following discusses the Company s consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs.  
  Consolidated VIEs 
  The following tables present the assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

LIHC Investments 
    
  The Company sponsors, manages and syndicates   two   LIHC investment fund structures. These investments are designed to generate a return primarily through the realization of U.S. federal tax credits and deductions. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary and has consolidated these investments because the Company has the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the funds  economic performances and also has the obligation to absorb losses of the funds that could potentially be significant to the funds. Neither creditors nor equity investors in the LIHC investments have any recourse to the general credit of the Company, and the Company s creditors do not have any recourse to the assets of the consolidated LIHC investments. 
    
  Leasing Investments 
    
  The Company has leasing investments primarily in the wind, rail and coal industries. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary and has consolidated these investments because the Company has the power to direct the activities of these entities that significantly impact the entities  economic performances. The Company also has the right to receive potentially significant benefits or the obligation to absorb potentially significant losses of these investments.  

72 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 6 Variable Interest Entities (Continued) 

Unconsolidated VIEs  
  The following tables present the Company s carrying amounts related to the unconsolidated VIEs at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The tables also present the Company s maximum exposure to loss resulting from its involvement with these VIEs. The maximum exposure to loss represents the carrying amount of the Company s involvement plus any legally binding unfunded commitments in the unlikely event that all of the assets in the VIEs become worthless. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , the Company had noncash increases in unfunded commitments on LIHC investments of   $47 million   and   $59 million  , respectively, included within other liabilities.  

LIHC Investments 
  The Company makes investments in partnerships and funds formed by third parties. The primary purpose of the partnerships and funds is to invest in low-income housing units and distribute tax credits and tax benefits associated with the underlying properties to investors. The Company is a limited partner investor and is allocated tax credits and deductions, but has no voting or other rights to direct the activities of the funds or partnerships, and therefore is not considered the primary beneficiary and does not consolidate these investments.  
    
  The following table presents the impact of the unconsolidated LIHC investments on our consolidated statements of income for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

73 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 6 Variable Interest Entities (Continued) 

Leasing Investments 
  The unconsolidated VIEs related to leasing investments are primarily renewable energy investments. Through its subsidiaries, the Company makes equity investments in LLCs established by third party sponsors. The LLCs are created to operate and manage wind, solar, hydroelectric and cogeneration power plant projects. Power generated by the projects is sold to third parties through long-term purchase power agreements. As a limited investor member, the Company is allocated production tax credits and taxable income or losses associated with the projects. The Company has no voting or other rights to direct the significant activities of the LLCs, and therefore is not considered the primary beneficiary and does not consolidate these investments.  
    
  Other Investments 
  The Company has other investments in structures formed by third parties. The Company has no voting or other rights to direct the activities of the investments that would most significantly impact the entities  performance, and therefore is not considered the primary beneficiary and does not consolidate these investments.  

Note 7 Commercial Paper and Other Short-Term Borrowings 
  The following table is a summary of the Company's commercial paper and other short-term borrowings: 

Short-term debt due to BTMU consists of both secured and unsecured fixed and floating rate borrowings.  
    
  MUSA maintains an uncommitted, unsecured lending facility with Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co., Ltd. under which it may borrow up to $1.4 billion. Under the terms of the facility, MUSA can choose to borrow in Japanese Yen or US Dollars. Japanese Yen denominated borrowings include an extension option allowing MUSA to extend the maturity of an individual draw by 100 days at any time prior to its original, stated maturity.  At September 30, 2016 MUSA had JPY 92 billion ($907 million USD equivalent) drawn under this facility.  

74 

Table of Contents  

Note 8 Long-Term Debt 
  Long-term debt consists of borrowings having an original maturity of one year or more. The following is a summary of the Company's long-term debt: 

75 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 8 Long Term Debt (Continued) 

MUAH Senior Debt due to BTMU 
    
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , MUAH borrowed   $545 million   from BTMU in the form of a senior loan. MUAH may prepay the loan prior to the stated maturity date in whole or in part and in an amount of not less than $500,000. BTMU may accelerate the payment of the loan, in the case of certain events of default. 
    
    Senior Debt due to BTMU by other MUAH subsidiaries 
    
    MUAH s subsidiaries also borrow on a long-term basis from BTMU.   At   September 30, 2016  ,   $250 million   of senior debt issued to BTMU was floating rate and linked to customer deposits maintained at BTMU s New York Branch. An additional   $399 million   was fixed rate, amortizing funding tied to specific assets owned by MUAH s subsidiaries. 
    
    Subordinated Debt due to Affiliate 
    
  MUSA maintains subordinated funding provided by an affiliate. This subordinated debt is a junior obligation to MUSA s existing and future outstanding senior indebtedness. 
    
    Nonrecourse Debt 
    
  Nonrecourse debt serves as funding for certain lease financings offered to customers. The lenders are secured by an interest in the underlying leased assets and have no recourse to the Company or its subsidiaries. Interest and principal on this debt is serviced entirely by the underlying assets and is not supported by the Company. 

76 

Table of Contents  

Note 9 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  Valuation Methodologies 
     Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., an exit price) in an orderly transaction between willing market participants at the measurement date. The Company has an established and documented process for determining fair value for financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis. When available, quoted market prices are used to determine fair value. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon valuation techniques that use, where possible, current market-based or independently sourced parameters, such as yield curves, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads, commodity prices and implied volatilities. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure the financial instruments are recorded at fair value. These adjustments include amounts that reflect counterparty credit quality and that consider the Company's own creditworthiness in determining the fair value of its trading assets and liabilities. For further information related to the valuation methodologies used for certain financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value, see   Note 10   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in our   2015   Form 10-K.    
  Fair Value Hierarchy 
  In determining fair value, the Company maximizes the use of observable market inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect market-derived or market-based information obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company s estimate about market data. Based on the observability of the significant inputs used, the Company classifies its fair value measurements in accordance with the three-level hierarchy as defined by GAAP. This hierarchy is based on the quality, observability and reliability of the information used to determine fair value. For further information related to the fair value hierarchy, see   Note 10   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
  Valuation Processes 
  The Company has established a valuation committee to oversee its valuation framework for measuring fair value and to establish valuation policies and procedures. The valuation committee s responsibilities include reviewing fair value measurements and categorizations within the fair value hierarchy and monitoring the use of pricing sources, mark-to-model valuations, dealer quotes and other valuation processes. The valuation committee reports to the Company s Disclosure   Accounting Committee and meets at least quarterly.  
    
  Independent price verification is performed periodically by the Company to test the market data and valuations of substantially all instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis. As part of its independent price verification procedures, the Company compares pricing sources, tests data variances within certain thresholds and performs variance analysis, utilizing third party valuations and both internal and external models. Results are formally reported on a quarterly basis to the valuation committee. For further information related to valuation processes, see   Note 10   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in our   2015   Form 10-K. 

77 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 9 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Continued) 

Fair Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis 
  The following tables present financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , by major category and by valuation hierarchy level:   

           (1) 
    Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements between the same counterparties that allow the Company to net settle all contracts. 

78 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 9 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Continued) 

(1) 
    Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements between the same counterparties that allow the Company to net settle all contracts. 
     
    79 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 9 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Continued) 

The following tables present a reconciliation of the assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Level 3 available for sale securities at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   primarily consist of direct bank purchase bonds. The Company s policy is to recognize transfers in and out of Level 1, 2 and 3 as of the end of a reporting period.    

80 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 9 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Continued) 

The following table presents information about significant unobservable inputs related to the Company s significant Level 3 assets and liabilities at   September 30, 2016  . 

The direct bank purchase bonds use a return on equity valuation technique. This technique uses significant unobservable inputs such as market-required return on capital, probability of default and loss severity. Increases (decreases) in any of these inputs in isolation would result in a lower (higher) fair value measurement. 

81 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 9 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Continued) 

Fair Value Measurement on a Nonrecurring Basis 
  Certain assets may be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets are subject to fair value adjustments that result from the application of the lower of cost or fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets. For assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   that were still held on the consolidated balance sheet as of the respective periods ended, the following tables present the fair value of such assets by the level of valuation assumptions used to determine each fair value adjustment.  

Loans include individually impaired loans that are measured based on the fair value of the underlying collateral or the fair value of the loan. The fair value of impaired loans was determined based on appraised values of the underlying collateral or market pricing for the loan, adjusted for management judgment, as of the measurement date. The fair value of OREO was primarily based on independent appraisals. The fair value of private equity investments was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis and market pricing, adjusted for management judgment, as of the measurement date. The fair value of software and intangible assets was determined using appraised value and market pricing, adjusted for management judgment, as of the measurement date. The fair value of consolidated LIHC VIE investments was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. 
  
    82 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 9 Fair Value Measurement and Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Continued) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments Disclosures  
  The tables below present the carrying amount and estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, classified by valuation hierarchy level as of   September 30, 2016   and as of   December 31, 2015  : 

(1) 
    Excludes lease financing. The carrying amount is net of the allowance for loan and lease losses. 

(1) 
    Excludes lease financing. The carrying amount is net of the allowance for loan and lease losses. 
       
  For further information on methodologies for approximating fair values, see   Note 10   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in our   2015   Form 10-K.   
  
    83 

Table of Contents  

Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Other Financial Instruments Used For Hedging 
  The Company enters into certain derivative and other financial instruments primarily to assist customers with their risk management objectives and to manage the Company s exposure to interest rate risk. When entering into derivatives on behalf of customers the Company generally acts as a financial intermediary by offsetting a significant portion of the market risk for these derivatives with third parties. The Company may also enter into derivatives for other risk management purposes.  All derivative instruments are recognized as assets or liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. 
  Counterparty credit risk is inherent in derivative instruments. In order to reduce its exposure to counterparty credit risk, the Company utilizes credit approvals, limits, monitoring procedures and master netting and credit support annex agreements. Additionally, the Company considers counterparty credit quality and the creditworthiness of the Company in estimating the fair value of derivative instruments. 
  The table below presents the notional amounts and fair value amounts of the Company's derivative instruments reported on the consolidated balance sheets, segregated between derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments and derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Asset and liability values are presented gross, excluding the impact of legally enforceable master netting and credit support annex agreements. The fair value of asset and liability derivatives designated and qualifying as hedging instruments and derivatives designated as other risk management are included in other assets and other liabilities, respectively. The fair value of asset and liability trading derivatives are included in trading account assets and trading account liabilities, respectively. 

We recognized net   gains   of   $2 million   and net   losses   of    $37 million   on other risk management derivatives for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and net   losses   of   $6 million   and   $4 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , which are included in other noninterest income.  
    
  Derivatives Designated and Qualifying as Hedging Instruments 
  The Company uses interest rate derivatives to manage the financial impact on the Company from changes in market interest rates. These instruments are used to manage interest rate risk relating to specified groups of assets and liabilities, primarily LIBOR-based commercial loans and debt issuances.  Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting are designated as either fair value or cash flow hedges.  For further information related to the Company s hedging strategy, see   Note 11   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
  
    84 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Other Financial Instruments Used For Hedging (Continued) 

Cash Flow Hedges 
  The Company uses interest rate swaps to hedge the risk of changes in cash flows attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate on LIBOR indexed loans, and to a lesser extent, to hedge interest rate risk on rollover debt.  
  The Company used interest rate swaps with a notional amount of   $15.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016   to hedge the risk of changes in cash flows attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate on LIBOR indexed loans. To the extent effective, payments received or paid under the swap contract offset fluctuations in interest income on loans caused by changes in the relevant LIBOR index. The Company used interest rate swaps with a notional amount of   $513 million   at   September 30, 2016   to hedge the risk of changes in cash flows attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate on LIBOR indexed short-term borrowings. At   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average remaining life of the active cash flow hedges was   3.98   years. 
  For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instruments is reported as a component of other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged cash flows are recognized in net interest income. Gains and losses representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in noninterest expense in the period in which they arise. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company expects to reclassify approximately   $138 million   of income from AOCI to net interest income during the twelve months ending   September 30,   2017. This amount could differ from amounts actually realized due to changes in interest rates, hedge terminations and the addition of other hedges subsequent to   September 30, 2016  .  
  The following tables present the amount and location of the net gains and losses recorded in the Company s consolidated statements of income and changes in stockholder s equity for derivatives designated as cash flow hedges for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

85 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Other Financial Instruments Used For Hedging (Continued) 

Fair Value Hedges 
  The Company engages in an interest rate hedging strategy in which one or more interest rate swaps are associated with a specified interest bearing liability, in order to convert the liability from a fixed rate to a floating rate instrument. This strategy mitigates the changes in fair value of the hedged liability caused by changes in the designated benchmark interest rate, U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
  For fair value hedges, any ineffectiveness is recognized in noninterest expense in the period in which it arises. The change in the fair value of the hedged item and the hedging instrument, to the extent completely effective, offsets with no impact on earnings. 
  The following table presents the gains (losses) on the Company's fair value hedges and hedged item for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      
    For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
           (Dollars in millions) 
      
    Derivative 
      
    Hedged Item 
      
    Hedge Ineffectiveness 
      
    Derivative 
      
    Hedged Item 
      
    Hedge Ineffectiveness 
                  Interest rate risk on long-term debt 
      
    $ 
    (4 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    4 

$ 

$ 
    5 

$ 
    (5 
    ) 
      
    $ 

Total 
      
    $ 
    (4 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    4 

$ 

$ 
    5 

$ 
    (5 
    ) 
      
    $ 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
      
    For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
           (Dollars in millions) 
      
    Derivative 
      
    Hedged Item 
      
    Hedge Ineffectiveness 
      
    Derivative 
      
    Hedged Item 
      
    Hedge Ineffectiveness 
                  Interest rate risk on long-term debt 
      
    $ 
    6 

$ 
    (6 
    ) 
      
    $ 

$ 
    9 

$ 
    (9 
    ) 
      
    $ 

Total 
      
    $ 
    6 

$ 
    (6 
    ) 
      
    $ 

$ 
    9 

$ 
    (9 
    ) 
      
    $ 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
  Trading Derivatives 
  Derivative instruments classified as trading are primarily derivatives entered into as an accommodation for customers. Trading derivatives are included in trading assets or trading liabilities with changes in fair value reflected in income from trading account activities. The majority of the Company's derivative transactions for customers were essentially offset by contracts with third parties that reduce or eliminate market risk exposures. 
  The Company offers market-linked   CD  s, which allow the customer to earn the higher of either a minimum fixed rate of interest or a return tied to either equity, commodity, or currency indices. The Company offsets its exposure to the embedded derivative contained in market-linked   CD  s with a matched over-the-counter option. Both the embedded derivative (when bifurcated) and hedge options are recorded at fair value with the realized and unrealized changes in fair value recorded in noninterest income within trading account activities. 
  The following table presents the amount of the net gains and losses for derivative instruments classified as trading reported in the consolidated statements of income under the heading trading account activities for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

86 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Other Financial Instruments Used For Hedging (Continued) 

Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
  The Company primarily enters into derivative contracts and repurchase agreements with counterparties utilizing a standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreements and Master Repurchase Agreements, respectively. These agreements generally establish the terms and conditions of the transactions, including a legal right to set-off amounts payable and receivable between the Company and a counterparty, regardless of whether or not such amounts have matured or have contingency features. For additional information related to offsetting of financial assets and liabilities, refer to   Note 3   to these consolidated financial statements. 

87 

Table of Contents  

Note 11 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
  The following tables present the change in each of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income and the related tax effect of the change allocated to each component for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 
                                       (Dollars in millions) 
      
    Before 
  Tax 
  Amount 
      
    Tax 
  Effect 
      
    Net of 
  Tax 
      For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 

Cash flow hedge activities: 

Unrealized net gains (losses) on hedges arising during the period 
      
    $ 
    (60 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    25 

$ 
    (35 
    ) 
      Reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses on hedges included in interest income for loans and interest expense on long-term debt            
      
    (43 
    ) 
      
    19 

(24 
    ) 
      Net change 
      
    (103 
    ) 
      
    44 

(59 
    ) 
      Securities: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period on securities available for sale 
      
    25 

(10 
    ) 
      
    15 
      
      Reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses on securities available for sale included in securities gains, net  
      
    (24 
    ) 
      
    9 

(15 
    ) 
      Less: accretion of fair value adjustment on held to maturity securities            
      
    6 

(2 
    ) 
      
    4 
      
      Net change 
      
    7 

(3 
    ) 
      
    4 
      
      Foreign currency translation adjustment 
      
    (2 
    ) 
      
    1 

(1 
    ) 
      Pension and other benefits: 

Amortization of prior service credit    (1)  
      
    (8 
    ) 
      
    4 

(4 
    ) 
         Recognized net actuarial (gain) loss   (1)  
      
    22 

(9 
    ) 
      
    13 
      
      Pension and other benefits arising during the period 
      
    13 

(6 
    ) 
      
    7 
      
      Net change 
      
    27 

(11 
    ) 
      
    16 
      
      Other 
      
    (1 
    ) 

(1 
    ) 
      Net change in AOCI 
      
    $ 
    (72 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    31 

$ 
    (41 
    ) 

(1) 
    These amounts are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. For further information, see   Note 12   to these consolidated financial statements. 
                                          (Dollars in millions) 
      
    Before 
  Tax 
  Amount 
      
    Tax 
  Effect 
      
    Net of 
  Tax 
      For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Cash flow hedge activities: 

Unrealized net gains (losses) on hedges arising during the period 
      
    $ 
    177 

$ 
    (70 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    107 
      
      Reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses on hedges included in interest income for loans and interest expense on long-term debt            
      
    (46 
    ) 
      
    18 

(28 
    ) 
      Net change 
      
    131 

(52 
    ) 
      
    79 
      
      Securities: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period on securities available for sale 
      
    79 

(31 
    ) 
      
    48 
      
      Reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses on securities available for sale included in securities gains, net  
      
    (6 
    ) 
      
    2 

(4 
    ) 
      Accretion of fair value adjustment on securities available for sale 
      
    (1 
    ) 
      
    1 

Amortization of net unrealized (gains) losses on held to maturity securities 
      
    5 

(2 
    ) 
      
    3 
      
      Net change 
      
    77 

(30 
    ) 
      
    47 
      
      Foreign currency translation adjustment 
      
    (10 
    ) 
      
    4 

(6 
    ) 
      Pension and other benefits: 

Amortization of prior service credit    (1)   
      
    (6 
    ) 
      
    2 

(4 
    ) 
           Recognized net actuarial (gain) loss   (1)  
      
    35 

(15 
    ) 
      
    20 
      
      Pension and other benefits arising during the period 
      
    12 

(4 
    ) 
      
    8 
      
      Net change 
      
    41 

(17 
    ) 
      
    24 
      
      Net change in AOCI 
      
    $ 
    239 

$ 
    (95 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    144 

(1) 
    These amounts are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. For further information, see   Note 12   to these consolidated financial statements. 
     
    88 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 11 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Continued) 

The following tables present the change in each of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income and the related tax effect of the change allocated to each component for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(1) 
    These amounts are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. For further information, see   Note 12   to these consolidated financial statements. 

(1) 
    These amounts are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. For further information, see   Note 12   to these consolidated financial statements. 

89 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 11 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Continued) 

The following tables present the change in accumulated other comprehensive loss balances: 

90 

Table of Contents  

Note 12 Employee Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
  The following table summarizes the components of net periodic benefit cost for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

Note 13 Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees 
  The following table summarizes the Company's commitments: 

Commitments to extend credit are legally binding agreements to lend to a customer provided there are no violations of any condition established in the contract. Commitments have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require maintenance of compensatory balances. Since many of the commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash flow requirements. Total commitments to extend credit at   September 30, 2016   include   $2.7 billion   to commercial borrowers in the oil and gas sector. 
  
    91 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Note 13 Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees (Continued) 

Standby and commercial letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Standby letters of credit are generally contingent upon the failure of the customer to perform according to the terms of the underlying contract with the third party, while commercial letters of credit are issued specifically to facilitate foreign or domestic trade transactions. Additionally, the Company enters into risk participations in bankers' acceptances wherein a fee is received to guarantee a portion of the credit risk on an acceptance of another bank. The majority of these types of commitments have terms of   1   year or less. At   September 30, 2016  , the carrying amount of the Company's risk participations in bankers' acceptances and standby and commercial letters of credit totaled   $3 million  . Estimated exposure to loss related to these commitments is covered by the allowance for losses on unfunded commitments. The carrying amounts of the standby and commercial letters of credit and the allowance for losses on unfunded credit commitments are included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
  The credit risk involved in issuing loan commitments and standby and commercial letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers and is represented by the contractual amount of these instruments. Collateral may be obtained based on management's credit assessment of the customer. 
  Other commitments include collateralized financing activities, commitments to fund principal investments, other securities, and residual value guarantees. 
  The Company has three committed facilities to provide collateralized financing to third parties, up to an aggregate of   $1.4 billion  . One of these facilities is shared with an affiliate with an aggregate commitment up to   $250 million  . At   September 30, 2016  , the facilities were not drawn down. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , commitment fees were nominal. 
  Principal investments include direct investments in private and public companies. The Company issues commitments to provide equity and mezzanine capital financing to private and public companies through direct investments. The timing of future cash requirements to fund such commitments is generally dependent on the investment cycle. This cycle, the period over which privately held companies are funded by private equity investors and ultimately sold, merged, or taken public through an initial offering, can vary based on overall market conditions as well as the nature and type of industry in which the companies operate. 
  The Company has rental commitments under long-term operating lease agreements.  For detail of these commitments, see   Note 4   to our Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
  The Company occasionally enters into financial guarantee contracts where a premium is received from another financial institution counterparty to guarantee a portion of the credit risk on interest rate swap contracts entered into between the financial institution and its customer. The Company becomes liable to pay the financial institution only if the financial institution is unable to collect amounts owed to them by their customer. As of   September 30, 2016  , the current exposure to loss under these contracts totaled   $41 million  , and the maximum potential exposure to loss in the future was estimated at   $62 million  . 
  The Company is subject to various pending and threatened legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. The Company maintains liabilities for losses from legal actions that are recorded when they are determined to be both probable in their occurrence and can be reasonably estimated. Management believes the disposition of all claims currently pending, including potential losses from claims that may exceed the liabilities recorded, and claims for loss contingencies that are considered reasonably possible to occur, will not have a material effect, either individually or in the aggregate, on the Company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
  
    92 

Table of Contents  

Note 14 Business Segments  
  The Company has five reportable segments: Regional Bank, U.S. Wholesale Banking, Transaction Banking, Investment Banking   Markets and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. Below is a detailed description of these reportable segments. 
  Regional Bank      
  The Regional Bank provides banking products and services to West Coast individuals and businesses generally with up to   $500 million   in annual revenue. The Regional Bank is comprised of four main divisions: Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking, Real Estate Industries and Wealth Markets. 
  The Consumer Banking Division serves its customers through   353   full-service branches in California, Washington and Oregon; Private Banking, which provides comprehensive relationship management to clients with up to $3 million in deposits and investment balances at MUB; as well as through ATMs, call centers, digital channels and through alliances with other financial institutions. Consumer Banking provides checking and deposit products and services; bill and loan payment, merchant, and various types of financing and investment services; and consumer credit products including residential mortgages, home equity lines of credit, consumer loans and credit cards. 
  The Commercial Banking Division provides a broad spectrum of commercial credit products including commercial loans and accounts receivable, inventory and trade financing primarily to corporate customers with annual revenues up to $500 million based on the West Coast. Commercial Banking also offers its customers a range of non-credit services and products, which include global treasury management and capital markets solutions, foreign exchange and various interest rate risk and commodity risk management products through cooperation with other segments. 
  The Real Estate Industries Division serves professional real estate investors and developers. Real Estate Industries, through its Community Development Finance unit, makes tax credit investments in affordable housing projects, as well as construction and permanent financing. 
  The Wealth Markets Division serves its customers through Private Wealth Management, which provides comprehensive relationship management to clients with over $3 million in deposits and investment balances at MUB; UnionBanc Investment Services LLC, a subsidiary of MUB and a registered broker-dealer and investment advisor; and Asset Management, which includes Highmark Capital Management, Inc., a subsidiary of MUB and a registered investment advisor. Wealth Markets provides investment management and advisory services to institutional clients, wealth planning, deposits and risk management strategies, trust and estate administration, as well as investment sub-advisory services to unaffiliated funds. Products provided to its customers include traditional brokerage, managed accounts, annuities, mutual funds, fixed income products and insurance and customized lending. 
  U.S. Wholesale Banking  
  U.S. Wholesale Banking provides commercial lending products, including commercial loans, lines of credit and project financing, to corporate customers with revenue greater than   $500 million  .  The segment employs an industry-focused strategy including dedicated coverage teams in General Industries, Power and Utilities, Oil and Gas, Telecom and Media, Technology, Healthcare and Nonprofit, Public Finance, and Financial Institutions (predominantly Insurance and Asset Managers).  By working with the Company's other segments, U.S. Wholesale Banking offers its customers a range of noncredit services, which include global treasury management, capital market solutions, and various foreign exchange, interest rate risk and commodity risk management products. 
  Transaction Banking 
  Transaction Banking works alongside the Company's other segments to provide working capital management and asset servicing solutions, including deposits and treasury management, trade finance, and institutional trust and custody, to the Company's customers. The client base consists of financial institutions, corporations, government agencies, insurance companies, mutual funds, investment managers and non-profit organizations. 
  
    93 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Note 14 Business Segments (Continued) 

Investment Banking   Markets 
  Investment Banking   Markets, which includes Global Capital Markets of the Americas, works with the Company's other segments to provide customers structured credit services, including project finance, leasing and equipment finance, commercial finance, funds finance and securitizations. Investment Banking   Markets also provides capital markets solutions, including syndicated loans, equity and debt underwriting, tax equity and merchant banking investments; risk management solutions, including foreign exchange, interest rate and energy risk management solutions; and facilitates merchant and investment banking-related transactions.  
  MUFG Securities Americas Inc.  
  MUSA is MUAH's broker-dealer subsidiary which engages in capital markets origination transactions, private placements, collateralized financings, securities borrow and loan transactions, and domestic and foreign debt and equity securities transactions. 
  Other 
  The Company generally applies a "market view" perspective in measuring the business segments. The market view is a measurement of customer markets aggregated to show all revenues generated and expenses incurred from all products and services sold to those customers regardless of where product areas organizationally report. Therefore, revenues and expenses are included in both the business segment that provides the service and the business segment that manages the customer relationship. The duplicative results from this internal management accounting view are eliminated in "Other." The transferred IHC entities are not measured using a "market view" perspective. 
  "Other" includes the Asian Corporate Banking segment and Corporate Treasury. The Asian Corporate Banking segment offers a range of credit, deposit, and investment management products and services to companies located primarily in the U.S. that are affiliated with companies headquartered in Japan and other Asian countries. Corporate Treasury is responsible for   ALM  , wholesale funding and the   ALM   investment and derivatives hedging portfolios. These treasury management activities are carried out to manage the net interest rate and liquidity risks of the Company's balance sheet and to manage those risks within the guidelines established by   ALCO  . For additional discussion regarding these risk management activities, see Part I, Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in this Form 10-Q.  
  Additionally, "Other" is comprised of certain corporate activities of the Company; the net impact of funds transfer pricing charges and credits allocated to the reportable segments; the residual costs of support groups; fees from affiliates and noninterest expenses associated with BTMU's U.S. branch banking operations; the unallocated allowance; goodwill, intangible assets, and the related amortization/accretion associated with the Company's privatization transaction; the elimination of the fully taxable-equivalent basis amount; the difference between the marginal tax rate and the consolidated effective tax rate; and the FDIC covered assets. 
  The information, set forth in the tables that follow, is prepared using various management accounting methodologies to measure the performance of the individual segments. Unlike GAAP there is no standardized or authoritative guidance for management accounting. Consequently, reported results are not necessarily comparable with those presented by other companies and they are not necessarily indicative of the results that would be reported by the business units if they were unique economic entities. The management reporting accounting methodologies, which are enhanced from time to time, measure segment profitability by assigning balance sheet and statements of income items to each operating segment. Methodologies that are applied to the measurement of segment profitability include a funds transfer pricing system, an activity-based costing methodology, other indirect costs and a methodology to allocate the provision for credit losses. The funds transfer pricing system assigns a cost of funds or a credit for funds to assets or liabilities based on their type, maturity or repricing characteristics between Corporate Treasury and the operating segments. A segment receives a funding credit from Corporate Treasury for its liabilities. Conversely, a segment is assigned a charge by Corporate Treasury to fund its assets.  Certain indirect costs, such as operations and technology expense, are allocated to the segments based on an activity-based costing methodology. Other indirect costs, such as corporate overhead, are allocated to the segments based on internal surveys and metrics that serve as proxies for estimated usage. During the normal course of business, the Company occasionally changes or updates its management accounting methodologies or organizational structure. Beginning with the second quarter of 2016, the Company  
  
    94 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Note 14 Business Segments (Continued) 

revised its methodology for allocating certain indirect costs to the segments.   Beginning with the third quarter of 2016, the Company revised its funds transfer pricing methodology related to certain deposits.   Prior period results have been updated to reflect these changes in methodology.  

(1) 
    The transferred IHC entities are not measured using a "market view" perspective.  

(1) 
    The transferred IHC entities are not measured using a "market view" perspective.  
     
    95 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Note 14 Business Segments (Continued) 

(1) 
    The transferred IHC entities are not measured using a "market view" perspective.  

(1) 
    The transferred IHC entities are not measured using a "market view" perspective.  
     
    96 

Table of Contents  

Note 15 Related Party Transactions 
  On July 1, 2016 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. designated MUAH as its IHC in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board's final rules for Enhanced Prudential Standards and transferred interests in substantially all its U.S. subsidiaries to the IHC. The subsidiaries include MUFG Securities Americas Inc. (formerly Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.), a registered broker-dealer, and various other non-bank subsidiaries. The most significant other non-bank subsidiary is engaged in the financing of large equipment and assets through products such as leases, loans and equity investments.  
    
  The transferred entities have transactions with affiliates which include BTMU, MUFG and other entities which are directly or indirectly owned by MUFG. These transactions reflect market-based pricing and include capital market transactions, facilitating securities transactions, secured financing transactions, advisory services, clearing and operational support.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , assets and liabilities with affiliates associated with the transferred entities consisted of the following: 

Revenue and expenses with affiliates associated with the transferred entities for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

At   September 30, 2016  , the transferred entities have   $3.5 billion   in uncommitted, unsecured borrowing facilities and   $475 million   in uncommitted, secured borrowing facilities with affiliates. See   Note 7   and   Note 8   to these consolidated financial statements for more information on the transferred entities' debt due to affiliates. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the transferred entities had derivative contracts with affiliates totaling   $892 million   and   $592 million  , respectively, in notional balances, with   $8 million   and   $1 million   in net unrealized gains at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
  
    97 

     Table of Contents  
  Note 15 Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

An affiliate extends guarantees on the transferred entities' liabilities arising out of or in connection with agreements with certain counterparties. There was   no   amount guaranteed at   September 30, 2016  . At   December 31, 2015  , the guaranteed balance was   $3 million  . The guarantee fee was nominal for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and 2015. 
  The transferred entities have committed facilities to provide collateralized financing to third parties. One of these facilities is shared with an affiliate. See   Note 13   to these consolidated financial statements for more information on the transferred entities' shared facility with an affiliate. 
    
  Eligible employees of the transferred entities are covered under a defined benefit pension plan, postretirement medical and life insurance benefits, and a 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan sponsored by BTMU. There were   no   contributions to the sponsored plans for the   three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $2 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . There were   no   contributions to the sponsored plans for the   three months ended   September 30, 2015   and   $1 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.   Legal Proceedings 
  We are subject to various pending and threatened legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. We maintain liabilities for losses from legal actions that are recorded when they are determined to be both probable in their occurrence and can be reasonably estimated. We believe the disposition of all claims currently pending, including potential losses from claims that may exceed the liabilities recorded, and claims for loss contingencies that are considered reasonably possible to occur, will not have a material effect, either individually or in the aggregate, on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 
   
  Item 1A.   Risk Factors  
  For a discussion of risk factors relating to our business, please refer to Part I, Item 1A. of our   2015   Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference herein; in addition to the following information: 
  Industry Factors 
    
  Starting in 2008, U.S. and global economies experienced a serious recession, unprecedented volatility in the financial markets, significant deterioration in sectors of the U.S. and global consumer and business economies and a slow economic recovery, all of which presented challenges for the banking and financial services industry and for MUAH; the U.S. government responded to these circumstances in the U.S. with a variety of measures; while U.S. economic activity has shown improvement, there can be no assurance that this progress will continue or will not reverse; the U.S. government continues to face significant fiscal and budgetary challenges which, if not resolved, may further exacerbate U.S. economic conditions. 
  Since 2008, adverse financial and economic developments have impacted the U.S. and global economies and financial markets and have presented challenges for the banking and financial services industry and for MUAH. These developments included a general recession both globally and in the U.S. followed by a slow economic recovery and have contributed to substantial volatility in the financial markets. 
  In response, various significant economic and monetary stimulus measures were implemented by the U.S. Congress and the Federal Reserve pursued a highly accommodative monetary policy aimed at keeping interest rates at historically low levels although the Federal Reserve has begun to taper down certain aspects of this policy. Refer to  Supervision and Regulation  in Part I, Item 1. of our 2015 Form 10-K for additional information. 
  The Federal Reserve has indicated that U.S. economic activity continues to expand at a moderate pace with labor markets showing further improvement with solid job gains and a lower unemployment rate. Notwithstanding this improvement, there can be no assurance that U.S. economic activity will continue to show progress, or will not reverse, nor whether and to what extent the U.S. government will continue fiscal and monetary  
  
    98 

     Table of Contents  

policies aimed at combating the mixed economic conditions experienced since 2008. If the U.S. economy were to deteriorate, or its recovery were to slow, this would present significant challenges for the U.S. banking and financial services industry and for the Company. 
  The challenges to the level of economic activity in the U.S., and therefore to the banking industry, have also been exacerbated at times in recent years by extensive political disagreements regarding the statutory debt limit on U.S. federal government obligations and measures to address the substantial federal deficits. Following enactment of federal legislation in August 2011 which averted a default by the U.S. federal government on its sovereign obligations by raising the statutory debt limit and which established a process whereby cuts in federal spending may be accomplished, Standard   Poor's lowered its long-term sovereign credit rating on the U.S. to  AA+  from  AAA  while affirming its highest rating on short-term U.S. obligations. Standard   Poor's also stated at the time that its outlook on the long-term rating remained negative; however, in June 2013, Standard   Poor's revised its outlook on the U.S. credit rating to stable from negative. At the present time, both Fitch Ratings and Moody s have reaffirmed the U.S. s  AAA  credit rating and have stated that their outlooks on the long-term ratings continue to be stable. In the fourth quarter of 2015, Republican Congressional leaders and the Administration reached an agreement to modestly increase federal spending over the next two years, reduce spending on some social programs, and to raise the federal borrowing limit.  After further negotiations between the Congress and the Administration, the President signed into law a compromise spending measure generally consistent with the initial compromise agreement. There can be no assurance that the earlier political disagreements regarding the federal budget and the substantial federal deficits will not occur again in the future.  Any such future disagreements, if not resolved, could result in further downgrades by the rating agencies with respect to the obligations of the U.S. federal government. Any such further downgrades could increase over time the U.S. federal government s cost of borrowing which may worsen its fiscal challenges, as well as generating upward pressure on interest rates generally in the U.S. which could, in turn, have adverse consequences for borrowers and the level of business activity; any such developments could also have adverse consequences for the securities repurchase business conducted by MUSA. 
  Difficult market conditions have adversely affected the U.S. banking industry 
  Dramatic declines in the housing market in the U.S. in general, and in California in particular, during 2008 and continuing through 2011, with falling or sluggish home prices and increasing foreclosures, unemployment and under-employment, negatively impacted the credit performance of mortgage loans and resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions, including government-sponsored entities as well as commercial and investment banks. These write-downs, initially of mortgage-backed securities but spreading to credit default swaps and other derivative securities, residential and commercial real estate loans and small business and other commercial loans, in turn, caused many financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in some cases, to fail. These adverse economic conditions also led to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies, reduced consumer confidence, increased market volatility and widespread reduction of business activity generally. The resulting economic pressure on consumers and lack of confidence in the financial markets adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations in 2009 and this effect continued, although to a lesser degree, in 2010. Although the economic conditions in our markets, including California in particular, and in the U.S. generally have shown improvement since 2011, there can be no assurance that these conditions will continue to improve. In recent years, California has been facing a severe drought which, if it continues, may negatively impact its economy, particularly in the agricultural sector, as other markets improve. In addition, turbulent political and economic conditions in foreign countries have in recent years negatively impacted the U.S. financial markets and economy in general and may do so in the future. A worsening of these conditions would likely exacerbate the adverse effects of market conditions on us and others in the financial institutions industry. In particular, we may face the following risks in connection with these events: 
             
    Our ability to assess the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties may be impaired if the applications and approaches we use to select, manage, and underwrite our customers and counterparties become less predictive of future behaviors. 
                
    We may not be able to accurately estimate credit exposure losses because the process we use to estimate these losses requires difficult, subjective, and complex judgments with respect to predictions which may not be amenable to precise estimates, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic predictions might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. 
     
    99 

     Table of Contents  

Our ability to borrow from other financial institutions on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected by further disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and deteriorating investor expectations. 
                
    Further downgrades in the credit ratings of major U.S. or foreign banks, or other financial difficulties affecting such major banks, could have adverse consequences for the financial markets generally, including possible negative effects on the available sources of market liquidity and increased pricing pressures in such markets, which, in turn, could make it more difficult or expensive for banks generally and for us to access such markets to satisfy liquidity needs. 
                
    Significant fluctuations in the prices of equity and fixed income securities could adversely impact the revenues of our broker-dealer, and asset management and trust business. MUSA is exposed to the price risk of such securities where it holds inventory to meet expected customer demand. MUAH's fee income may also decline as the asset management and trust business charges are based upon values of assets we manage and declines in values proportionately reduce our fees charged. MUSA's debt capital markets fee income would also be detrimentally impacted from sustained periods of fixed income price volatility. 
                
    Declines in oil and gas prices have led to deterioration in our oil and gas portfolio; further declines would likely result in additional deterioration in the portfolio. For additional information on our oil and gas portfolio, see Part I, Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Risk Management - Concentration of Risk  in this Form 10-Q. 
                
    Competition in our industry could intensify as a result of the increasing consolidation of financial services companies and the enhanced ability of banks to expand across state lines under the Dodd-Frank Act. For additional information, see    Substantial competition could adversely affect us    in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
                
    We may incur goodwill impairment losses in future periods. See  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates - Goodwill Impairment Analysis  in Part II, Item 7. and Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
     The continuing war on terrorism, overseas military conflicts, unrest and political developments in other countries could adversely affect U.S. and global economic conditions 
  Acts or threats of terrorism and actions taken by the U.S. or other governments as a result of such acts or threats and other international hostilities, as well as political unrest in various regions, including the Middle East, may result in a disruption of U.S. and global economic and financial conditions and increases in energy costs and could adversely affect business, economic and financial conditions in the U.S. and globally and in our principal markets. In addition, continuing global tensions may result in new and enhanced U.S. economic sanctions against other governments or entities which may increase our compliance costs under the regulations of OFAC and other federal or state agencies. Although we have not experienced an adverse impact on our business from the British vote to exit the European Union (known as Brexit), potential changes in the European Union may have negative consequences to the global and U.S. economies and to our customers.  
  
    100 

     Table of Contents  

Fluctuations in interest rates on loans or other fixed income investments could adversely affect our business 
  Significant increases in market interest rates on loans or other fixed income investments, or the perception that an increase may occur, could adversely affect both our current loan and investment portfolios and our ability to originate new loans and our ability to grow. Any such increases in interest rates could also diminish the flow of corporate debt offerings in the securities markets generally and this could adversely impact the investment banking business of MUSA which focuses considerably on the flotation of debt securities for its customers. Conversely, decreases in interest rates could result in an acceleration of loan prepayments. An increase in market interest rates could also adversely affect the ability of our floating-rate borrowers to meet their higher payment obligations. If this occurred, it could cause an increase in nonperforming assets and charge-offs, which could adversely affect our business. 
  Company Factors 
    
  Potential conflicts of interest with The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ could adversely affect us 
  The views of BTMU and MUFG regarding customer relationships, possible new businesses, strategies, acquisitions, divestitures or other initiatives, including compliance and risk management processes, may differ from ours. This may prevent, delay or hinder us from pursuing individual initiatives or cause us to incur additional costs and subject us to additional oversight. Our securities broker-dealer subsidiary, MUSA, receives a significant portion of its investment banking business from referrals from BTMU and MUFG and their affiliated entities. If such referrals were to diminish, this could have a materially adverse impact on the business of MUSA. 
  Also, as part of BTMU s risk management processes, BTMU manages global credit and other types of exposures and concentrations on an aggregate basis, including exposures and concentrations at MUAH. Therefore, at certain levels or in certain circumstances, our ability to approve certain credits or other banking transactions and categories of customers is subject to the concurrence of BTMU. We may wish to extend credit or furnish other banking services to the same customers as BTMU. Our ability to do so may be limited for various reasons, including BTMU s aggregate exposure and marketing policies. 
    Since both MUAH and BTMU compete in U.S. banking markets, ownership interests in MUFG s common stock held by certain of our directors or officers, or services provided by those individuals as a director or officer or other employee of BTMU, could create or appear to create potential conflicts of interest. As a result of the business integration initiative involving the operations in the United States and elsewhere in the Americas of MUAH, MUB, MUFG and BTMU, as described in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Introduction - Business Integration Initiative  in Part II, Item 7. in this Form 10-K, a number of the executive officers of MUAH and MUB became executive officers of BTMU s U.S. branch operations, which could increase or appear to increase the risks of potential conflicts of interests with MUFG and BTMU. While the corporate governance policies adopted by MUAH, MUB, MUFG and BTMU address such potential conflicts of interest, there can be no assurance that these policies will prevent conflicts of interest which may have an adverse impact on our business. 
  
    101 

     Table of Contents  

We are subject to a wide array of operational risks, including, but not limited to, cyber-security risks 
  We are subject to many types of operational risks throughout our organization. Operational risk is the risk to our financial position and resilience arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, human errors or misconduct, or adverse external events, that do not fall into the market risk or credit risk categories described in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in Part I, Item 2. of this Form 10-Q. Operational risk includes execution risk related to operational initiatives, such as implementation of our technology enhancement projects; increased reliance on internally developed models for risk and finance management, including models associated with regulatory capital requirements; risks from cyber-security breaches or attacks; the risk of fraud or theft by employees, customers or outsiders; unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems; and operational risks related to use of third party service providers. A discussion of risks associated with regulatory compliance appears in Part I, Item 1A. of our 2015 Form 10-K under the caption    The effects of changes or increases in, or supervisory enforcement of, banking or other laws and regulations or governmental fiscal or monetary policies could adversely affect us.    
  Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, transmission and reporting of personal, confidential and other sensitive information or data in our computer systems, networks and business applications. Although we take protective measures, our computer systems may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, and other events that could have significant negative consequences to us. Such events could result in interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or our customers  operations; interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information and data; or processing of unauthorized transactions or loss of funds. These events could result in litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered by our insurance, and regulatory consequences or reputational harm, any of which could harm our competitive position, operating results and financial condition. These types of incidents can remain undetected for extended periods of time, thereby increasing the associated risks. We may also be required to expend significant resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or exposures arising from cyber-security risks. We may also be required to expend significant resources to cover costs imposed on us as a result of breaches of bank card information occurring at retail merchants and other businesses. 
  We depend on the continued efficacy of our technical systems, operational infrastructure, relationships with third parties and our employees in our day-to-day and ongoing operations. Our dependence upon automated systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect or data which are not reliable. With regard to the physical infrastructure that supports our operations, we have taken measures to implement backup systems and other safeguards, but our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any disruption to that infrastructure, including disruptions from natural disasters or other causes. Failures in our internal control or operational systems, security breaches or service interruptions, or those of our third-party service providers, could impair our ability to operate our business and result in potential liability to customers, reputational damage and regulatory intervention, any of which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 
  MUB and reportedly other financial institutions have been the target of various denial-of-service or other cyber-attacks (including attempts to inject malicious code and viruses into our computer systems) as part of what appears to be a coordinated effort to disrupt the operations of financial institutions and potentially test their cyber-security in advance of future and more advanced cyber-attacks. These denial-of-service and other attacks have not breached MUB's data security systems, but require substantial resources to defend, and may affect customer satisfaction and behavior. To date we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, but there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses or information security breaches in the future. While we have a variety of cyber-security measures in place, the consequences to our business of such attacks cannot be predicted with any certainty. 
  
    102 

     Table of Contents  

In addition, there have been increasing efforts on the part of third parties to breach data security at financial institutions as well as at other types of companies, such as large retailers, or with respect to financial transactions, including through the use of social engineering schemes such as  phishing.  The ability of our customers to bank remotely, including online and through mobile devices, requires secure transmissions of confidential information and increases the risk of data security breaches which would expose us to financial claims by customers or others and which could adversely affect our reputation. Even if cyber-attacks and similar tactics are not directed specifically at MUB or our third-party service providers, such attacks on other large financial institutions could disrupt the overall functioning of the financial system and undermine consumer confidence in banks generally, to the detriment of other financial institutions, including MUB. 
  In March 2015, the Federal bank regulators issued two related statements regarding cyber-security. One statement indicates financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. Although these regulatory statements state they do not contain any new regulatory expectations, we are continuing to evaluate them as they do indicate that the regulators regard cyber-security to be a matter of great importance for U.S. financial institutions. A financial institution which fails to observe the regulatory guidance could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
  In July 2015, the Federal bank regulators announced the issuance of a cyber-security assessment tool, the output of which can assist a financial institution s senior management and board of directors in assessing the institution s cyber-security risk and preparedness. The first part of the assessment tool is the inherent risk profile, which aims to assist management in determining an institution s level of cyber-security risk. The second part of the assessment tool is cyber-security maturity, which is designed to help management assess whether their controls provide the desired level of preparedness. The Federal bank regulators plan to utilize the assessment tool as part of their examination process when evaluating financial institutions  cyber-security preparedness in information technology and safety and soundness examinations and inspections. Failure to effectively utilize this tool could result in regulatory criticism.  Significant resources may be required to adequately implement the tool and address any assessment concerns regarding preparedness. Management conducted an initial cyber-security assessment leveraging this tool, and is currently addressing any concerns from the assessment. 
  We may also be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from other events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as electrical, internet or telecommunications outages, natural disasters (such as major seismic events), terrorist attacks or unexpected difficulties with the implementation of our technology enhancement projects, which may give rise to disruption of service to customers and to financial loss or liability in ways which cannot be predicted with any certainty. Our business recovery plan may not work as intended or may not prevent significant interruptions of our operations. 
  Our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss to the Company 
  Our risk management framework is made up of various processes and strategies to manage our risk exposure. Types of risk to which we are subject include liquidity risk, credit risk, market and investment risk, interest rate risk, operational risk (including, but not limited to, technology and model risk), legal risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, fiduciary risk, counterparty risk, and strategic risk (including risks to our financial position and resilience arising from adverse business decisions or poorly implemented decisions or lack of responsiveness to industry changes and the operating environment), among others. Our framework to manage risk, including the framework s underlying assumptions, such as our modeling methodologies, may not be effective under all conditions and circumstances. In the banking industry s complex and rapidly evolving operating environment, certain risks, especially operational risk and strategic risk, can present significant challenges to our risk management framework. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected, and there also could be consequent adverse regulatory implications in any such event. Implementation  
  
    103 

     Table of Contents  

of the business integration initiative effective July 1, 2014, as described in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Introduction - Business Integration Initiative  and "Risk Management" in Part II, Item 7. in our 2015 Form 10-K, as well as implementation of the IHC described in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Executive Overview - Formation of the U.S. Intermediate Holding Company  of this Form 10-Q, could increase our risk management challenges in light of the new customer relationships and lines of business, structural and operational changes, and enhanced governance and risk management standards, among other reasons. 
   
  Item 6.   Exhibits 
  A list of exhibits to this Form 10-Q is set forth on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such exhibits and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
    104 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
                       
    MUFG AMERICAS HOLDINGS CORPORATION (Registrant) 
      Date: November 10, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ STEPHEN E. CUMMINGS 

Stephen E. Cummings 
     President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 
      
      Date: November 10, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ JOHN F. WOODS 

John F. Woods 
     Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 
      
      Date: November 10, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ ROLLAND D. JURGENS 

Rolland D. Jurgens 
     Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
  (Principal Accounting Officer) 

105 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
                   Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      31.1 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   (1)  
      31.2 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   (1)  
      32.1 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   (1)(2)  
      32.2 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   (1)(2)  
      101 
      
    Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, the following financial information from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016, is formatted in XBRL interactive data files: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Financial Statements   (1)  

(1) 
    Filed herewith. 
              (2) 
    In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release No. 34-47986, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-Q and will not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

106 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31193016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Stephen E. Cummings, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation (the "Registrant"); 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; 
              5. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 10, 2016    

By: 
      
    /s/ STEPHEN E. CUMMINGS 

Stephen E. Cummings 
     President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31293016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, John F. Woods, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation (the "Registrant"); 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; 
              5. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              a) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 10, 2016    

By: 
      
    /s/ JOHN F. WOODS 

John F. Woods 
     Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32193016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with this Quarterly Report of MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Stephen E. Cummings, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Dated:   November 10, 2016    

By: 
      
    /s/ STEPHEN E. CUMMINGS 

Stephen E. Cummings 
     President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32293016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with this Quarterly Report of MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, John F. Woods, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Dated:   November 10, 2016    

By: 
      
    /s/ JOHN F. WOODS 

John F. Woods 
     Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ub-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ub-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ub-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ub-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ub-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ub-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

