<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1070494_0001564590-16-027956_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3696502</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>240708</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>140352</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1005057</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1097113</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>772970</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027956.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107161850
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027956
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001070494
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				061376651
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50768
		FILM NUMBER:		161978343

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3611 VALLEY CENTRE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-558-2871

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3611 VALLEY CENTRE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027956.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 acad-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

acad-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 or 

Commission File Number: 000-50768 
   
 ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(858) 558-2871 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 Total shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on October 31, 2016: 

ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  
 FORM 10-Q 
     TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE NO.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Financial Statements      

1  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets      

1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations      

2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss      

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows      

4  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements      

5  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      

11  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk      

18  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures      

18  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings      

19  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors      

19  

Item 6.  

Exhibits      

46  

SIGNATURES      

47  

i 

PART I. FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
 
        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     

 ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
 1. Organization and Business 
 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the  Company ), based in San Diego, California, is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative medicines to address unmet medical needs in central nervous system disorders. The Company was originally incorporated in Vermont in 1993 as Receptor Technologies, Inc. and reincorporated in Delaware in 1997. 
 On April 29, 2016, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approved the Company s first drug, NUPLAZID    (pimavanserin), for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson s disease psychosis.  NUPLAZID became available for prescription in the United States on May 31, 2016.  

2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K ( Annual Report ) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, since they are interim statements, the accompanying financial statements do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the accompanying financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) that are necessary for a fair statement of the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Accounts receivable are recorded net of customer allowances for prompt payment discounts, distribution fees, chargebacks, and doubtful accounts. The Company estimates the allowance for doubtful accounts based on existing contractual payment terms, actual payment patterns of its customers and individual customer circumstances. To date, the Company has determined that an allowance for doubtful accounts is not required. 
 Inventory 
 Inventory, consisting of raw material and finished goods, is stated at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. The Company uses a combination of standard and actual costing methodologies to determine the cost basis for its inventories which approximates actual costs. Inventory is valued on a first-in, first-out basis and includes third-party manufacturing costs, freight, and indirect overhead costs. The Company capitalizes inventory costs associated with its products upon regulatory approval when, based on management s judgment, future commercialization is considered probable and the future economic benefit is expected to be realized; otherwise, such costs are expensed. Prior to FDA approval of NUPLAZID, all costs related to the manufacturing of NUPLAZID were charged to research and development expense in the period incurred. At September 30, 2016 the Company had an immaterial amount of zero cost raw material that was available for use in the manufacturing of commercial product. The Company provides reserves for potentially excess, dated or obsolete inventory based on an analysis of forecasted demand compared to quantities on hand and any firm purchase orders, as well as product shelf life. To date, the Company has determined that a reserve for potentially excess, dated or obsolete inventory is not required. 
 License Fees and Royalties 
 The Company expenses amounts paid to acquire licenses associated with products under development when the ultimate recoverability of the amounts paid is uncertain and the technology has no alternative future use when acquired. Acquisitions of technology licenses are charged to expense or capitalized based upon management s assessment regarding the ultimate recoverability of the amounts paid and the potential for alternative future use. The Company has determined that technological feasibility for its product candidates is reached when the requisite regulatory approvals are obtained to make the product available for sale. 
 5 

In connection with the FDA approval of NUPLAZID in April 2016, the Company made a one-time milestone payment of $8.0 million pursuant to its 2006 license agreement with th  e Ipsen Group in which the Company licensed certain intellectual property rights that complement its patent portfolio for its serotonin platform, including NUPLAZID. The Company has capitalized the $8.0 million payment as an intangible asset and is amortiz  ing the asset on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the licensed patents through the second half of 2021. The Company recorded amortization expense related to its intangible asset of   $369,000 and   $  6  15  ,000   for the three and   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016  , respectively  . As of   September   30, 2016, estimated future amortization expense related to the Company s intangible asset was $  3  69  ,000   for the remainder of 2016, $  1.5   million for   each of   2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, and $  1.1   m  illion thereafter  .  
 Royalty expense incurred in connection with the Company s license agreement with the Ipsen Group, as disclosed in Note 9,  Commitments and Contingencies , is recorded to license fees and royalties as revenue from product sales is recognized. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Product Sales, Net 
 The Company s net product sales consist of U.S. sales of NUPLAZID and are recognized when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred and title to the product and associated risk of loss has passed to the customer, (iii) the price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 
 NUPLAZID was approved by the FDA on April 29, 2016 and the Company commenced shipments of NUPLAZID to specialty pharmacies ( SPs ) and specialty distributors ( SDs ) in late May 2016. Through September 30, 2016, the Company has determined it does not have the necessary volume of activity to reasonably estimate certain sales allowances at the time title and risk of loss transfers to the SP or SD. Accordingly, the price is not considered fixed or determinable at that time. Therefore, the Company recognizes revenue once the SP has filled a patient s prescription for NUPLAZID or the SD sells NUPLAZID. This approach is frequently referred to as the  sell-through  revenue recognition model. Under the sell-through approach, revenue is recognized when the SP dispenses product to a patient based on the fulfillment of a prescription or the SD sells product to a government facility, long-term care pharmacy or in-patient hospital pharmacy. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a deferred revenue balance of $1.9 million, net of distribution fees, related to NUPLAZID product sales. 
 The Company recognizes revenue from product sales net of allowances for distribution fees, rebates, chargebacks, and co-payment assistance.  

3. Net Loss Per Share 
 Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, without consideration for common stock equivalents. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares and common stock equivalents outstanding for the period determined using the treasury stock method. For purposes of this calculation, stock options, employee stock purchase rights, and warrants are considered to be common stock equivalents but are not included in the calculations of diluted net loss per share for the periods presented as their effect would be antidilutive. The Company incurred net losses for all periods presented and there were no reconciling items for potentially dilutive securities. More specifically, at September 30, 2016 and 2015, stock options, employee stock purchase rights, and warrants totaling approximately 14,463,000 shares and 12,309,000 shares, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

4. Stock-Based Compensation 
 The following table summarizes the total stock-based compensation expense included in the Company s statements of operations for the periods presented (in thousands): 

6 

As of September 30, 2016, total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options and purchase plan rights was approximately $134.9 million, which is expecte  d to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.0 years.  
 During the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 3,059,835 shares of its common stock in connection with annual option grants to eligible employees. These stock options vest over a four-year period from the date of grant and have a weighted average exercise price of $23.88 per share. Stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included a one-time $9.0 million charge related to the transition agreement with the Company s former Chief Executive Officer in connection with his retirement from the Company in March 2015.  

5. Balance Sheet Details 
 Inventory consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):   

6. Investment Securities 
 Investment securities, all classified as available-for-sale, consisted of the following (in thousands): 

At each reporting date, the Company performs an evaluation of impairment to determine if any unrealized losses are other-than-temporary. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is other-than-temporary include the length of time and extent to which fair value has been less than the cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, and the Company s intent and ability to hold the investment until recovery of its amortized cost basis. The Company intends, and has the ability, to hold its investments in unrealized loss positions until their amortized cost basis has been recovered. Based on its evaluation, the Company determined that its unrealized losses were not other-than-temporary at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all of the Company s available-for-sale investment securities had contractual maturity dates of less than one year. 
 7 

7. Fair Value Measurements 
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company held $586.4 million of cash equivalents and available-for-sale investment securities consisting of a money market fund, U.S. Treasury notes, and high quality, marketable debt instruments of corporations and government sponsored enterprises in accordance with the Company s investment policy. The Company s investment policy defines allowable investments and establishes guidelines relating to credit quality, diversification, and maturities of its investments to preserve principal and maintain liquidity. All investment securities have a credit rating of at least A3/A- or better, or P-1/A-1 or better, as determined by Moody s Investors Service or Standard   Poor s. 
 The Company s cash equivalents and available-for-sale investment securities are classified within the fair value hierarchy as defined by authoritative guidance. The Company s investment securities classified as Level 1 are valued using quoted market prices. The Company obtains the fair value of its Level 2 financial instruments from third party pricing services. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation models whereby all significant inputs, including benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, bids, offers, or other market-related data, are observable. The Company validates the prices provided by the third-party pricing services by reviewing their pricing methods and matrices, and obtaining market values from other pricing sources. After completing the validation procedures, the Company did not adjust or override any fair value measurements provided by these pricing services as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
 The Company does not hold any securities classified as Level 3, which are securities valued using unobservable inputs. The Company has not transferred any investment securities between levels. 
 The fair value measurements of the Company s cash equivalents and available-for-sale investment securities are identified in the following tables (in thousands): 

8. Stockholders  Equity 
 Public Offerings 
 In August 2016, the Company raised net proceeds of approximately $215.9 million from the sale of 6,969,696 shares of its common stock in a follow-on public offering, including 909,090 shares sold pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares. 
 8 

In January 2016, the Company raised net proceeds of approximately $281.6 m  illion from the sale of 10,344,827 shares of its common stock in a follow-on public offering. In connection with the January 2016 offering, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with 667, L.P., Baker   Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. and 14159, L.P. (the  Baker Entities ), all of which are existing stockholders of the Company and are affiliated with two of its directors, Julian C. Baker and Dr. Stephen R. Biggar. Under the Registration Rights Agreement, th  e Company agreed that, if the Baker Entities demand that the Company register their shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), the Company would be obligated to e  ffect such registration. The Company s registration obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement cover all shares of its common stock now held or later acquired by the Baker Entities (including approximately $75.0 million   and $43.0 million   of shares   that the Baker Entities purchased at the public offering price in the January 2016   and August 2016   offering  s, respectively  ), will continue in effect for up to 10 years, and include the Company s obligation to facilitate certain underwritten public offerin  gs of its common stock by the Baker Entities in the future. The Company has agreed to bear all expenses incurred by it in effecting any registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement as well as the legal expenses of the Baker Entities of up to   $50,000 per underwritten public offering effected pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement.     On April 1, 2016, pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company filed a registration statement covering all shares owned by the Baker Entities as   of March 31, 2016.  
 Settlement Agreement Proceeds 
 In April 2016, the Company received a payment of $14.3 million pursuant to a settlement agreement with prior 10% stockholders who sold shares of the Company s stock in 2013 that may have resulted in short-swing profits by the stockholders pursuant to Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company recognized these proceeds as a capital contribution from stockholders and reflected a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital.  

9. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Royalty Payments 
 Pursuant to the terms of its 2006 license agreement with the Ipsen Group, the Company is required to make royalty payments of two percent of net sales of NUPLAZID.  
 Corporate Credit Card Program 
 In connection with the Company s credit card program, the Company established a letter of credit in April 2016 for $2.0 million, which has automatic annual extensions and is fully secured by restricted cash. 
 Legal Proceedings  
 In March 2015, following the Company s announcement of the update to the timing of its planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID and the subsequent decline of the price of its common stock, two putative securities class action complaints (captioned Rihn v. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc., Case No. 15-cv-0575-BTM-DHB, and Wright v. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc., Case No. 15-cv-0593- BTM-DHB) were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California (the  Court ) against the Company and certain of its current and former officers. The complaints generally alleged that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by making materially false and misleading statements regarding the timing of the Company s planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID, thereby artificially inflating the price of its common stock. The complaints sought unspecified monetary damages and other relief. On April 10 and June 1, 2015, the Court entered orders deferring the defendants  response to the Rihn and Wright complaints until after the Court appointed a lead plaintiff and assigned lead counsel. On May 12, 2015, several putative stockholders filed separate motions to consolidate the two actions and be appointed lead plaintiff. On September 8, 2015, the Court issued an order consolidating the two actions, appointing lead plaintiff, and assigning lead counsel. On November 16, 2015, lead plaintiff filed a consolidated complaint with the Court which, like the prior complaints, accused the defendants of making materially false and misleading statements regarding the anticipated timing of the Company s planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID. On January 15, 2016, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. On September 19, 2016, the Court issued an order denying the motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. On October 18, 2016, the Company filed a motion for reconsideration of the Court s order denying the motion to dismiss. On October 21, 2016, the Company filed its answer to the consolidated complaint. The hearing on the Company s motion for reconsideration is scheduled for December 16, 2016. The Company has assessed such legal proceedings, and given the unpredictability inherent in litigation, the Company cannot predict the outcome of these matters. At this time, the Company is unable to estimate possible losses or ranges of losses that may result from such legal proceedings, and it has not accrued any amounts in connection with such legal proceedings other than ongoing attorneys  fees. 
   
 9 

10. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued authoritative guidance related to accounting for credit losses on financial instruments that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For trade receivables and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking expected loss model that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, the losses will be recognized as allowances rather than as reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In March, April, and May 2016, the FASB issued updates to its authoritative guidance for revenue from contracts with customers. The updates clarify certain aspects of the revenue guidance, including but not limited to, the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations, the licensing implementation guidance, identification of performance obligations, assessment of the collectability criterion, presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes, and measurement of noncash consideration. The authoritative guidance for revenue from contracts with customers to which these updates apply is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt this guidance. The Company is continuing to evaluate which transition approach to use and its impact, if any, on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to accounting for employee share-based compensation which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows, and accounting for forfeitures. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to accounting for leases. This accounting guidance will require a lessee to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those years, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued authoritative accounting guidance related to an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. This guidance explicitly requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company early adopted this guidance in the first quarter of 2016 with no impact to its consolidated financial statements or related disclosures. 

10 

ITEM 2.   
 
            MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF   FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     

 The following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, or this Quarterly Report, and the audited financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 included with our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Past operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods. 
 This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements include statements about our strategies, objectives, expectations, discoveries, collaborations, clinical trials, regulatory submissions, commercial activities, product candidates, proprietary and external programs, financial condition and resources, and other statements that are not historical facts, including statements which may be preceded by the words  believes,   expects,   hopes,   may,   will,   plans,   intends,   estimates,   could,   should,   would,   continue,   seeks,   aims,   projects,   predicts,   pro forma,   anticipates,   potential  or similar words. For such statements, we claim the protection of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Readers of this Quarterly Report are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they were made. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements. Actual events or results may differ materially from our expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the risk factors identified in our filings with the SEC, including this Quarterly Report. 
 Overview 
 Background 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative medicines to address unmet medical needs in central nervous system disorders. We have a portfolio of product opportunities led by our novel drug, NUPLAZID (pimavanserin), which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, on April 29, 2016 for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson s disease psychosis, or PDP, and is the only drug approved in the United States for this condition. NUPLAZID is a selective serotonin inverse agonist, or SSIA, preferentially targeting 5-HT 2A  receptors. Through this novel mechanism, NUPLAZID demonstrated significant efficacy in reducing the hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP in our Phase III pivotal trial and has the potential to avoid many of the debilitating side effects of existing antipsychotics, none of which are approved by the FDA in the treatment of PDP. We hold worldwide commercialization rights to pimavanserin. In connection with FDA approval of NUPLAZID, we hired a U.S. specialty sales force of approximately 135 sales specialists who are focused on promoting NUPLAZID to physicians who treat PDP patients, including neurologists, psychiatrists and long-term care physicians. NUPLAZID became available for prescription in the United States on May 31, 2016.  
 In connection with the FDA approval of NUPLAZID, we have committed to conduct post-marketing studies, including a randomized, placebo-controlled withdrawal study in PDP patients treated with NUPLAZID and randomized, placebo-controlled eight-week studies in predominantly frail and elderly patients that would add to the NUPLAZID safety database by exposing an aggregate of at least 500 patients to NUPLAZID. 
 We believe that pimavanserin has the potential to address important unmet medical needs in neurological and psychiatric disorders in addition to PDP and we plan to continue to study the use of pimavanserin in multiple disease states. 
 For example, we believe Alzheimer s disease represents one of our most important opportunities for further exploration. We recently completed enrollment of a Phase II study exploring the utility of pimavanserin for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease psychosis, or ADP, a disorder for which no drug is currently approved by the FDA. We expect to have top-line results from the study by the end of 2016. Additionally, in October 2016, we announced that we initiated SERENE, a Phase II study with pimavanserin in Alzheimer s disease agitation, a debilitating condition for which there is no drug approved by the FDA.  
 We also believe schizophrenia represents a disease with multiple unmet or ill-served needs and we are currently exploring the utility of pimavanserin in this area. Despite a large number of FDA-approved therapies for schizophrenia, current drugs do not adequately address some very important symptoms of schizophrenia, such as the inadequate response to current antipsychotic treatment of psychotic symptoms. In November 2016, we announced that we initiated ENHANCE-1, a Phase III study for adjunctive treatment of schizophrenia in patients with an inadequate response to current antipsychotic therapy. There is no FDA-approved treatment for this condition.  
 In addition to the studies we have previously announced, we plan to initiate two clinical studies for additional indications in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
 11 

We have incurred substantial operating losses since our inception due in large part to expenditures for our research   and development activities. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had an accumulated deficit of $  855.3   million. We expect to continue to incur operating losses for at least the next few years as we advance our programs and incur significant development and commerci  alization costs.     In particular, we will be incurring new, additional costs over the next several quarters related to   our studies in   schizophrenia   and   Alzheimer s disease indications  ,   our post-marketing study commitments, and     the   commercialization   of NUPLAZ  ID.  
 We maintain a website at www.acadia-pharm.com to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings with the SEC are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Interested persons can subscribe on our website to email alerts that are sent automatically when we issue press releases, file our reports with the SEC or post certain other information to our website. Information contained in our website does not constitute a part of this Quarterly Report. 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Product and Collaborative Revenues 
 Net product sales consist of sales of NUPLAZID, which was approved by the FDA on April 29, 2016 and became available for prescription in the United States on May 31, 2016. 
 Prior to the generation of revenue from NUPLAZID, our revenues had been generated substantially from payments under our current and past collaboration agreements. Our prior collaboration agreement with Allergan focused on muscarinic product candidates for the treatment of glaucoma terminated in 2015 and we will not be receiving any further payments under that agreement. Our continuing collaboration agreement with Allergan involves the development of product candidates in the area of chronic pain. Under this continuing agreement, we are eligible to receive payments upon achievement of development and regulatory milestones, as well as royalties on future product sales, if any. We no longer receive research funding from this agreement and additional payments are dependent upon the advancement of an applicable product candidate. Our continuing collaboration agreement with Allergan in chronic pain is subject to termination upon notice by Allergan. 
 Cost of Product Sales 
 Cost of product sales consists of third-party manufacturing costs, freight, and indirect overhead costs associated with sales of NUPLAZID. Cost of product sales may also include period costs related to certain inventory manufacturing services, inventory adjustment charges, unabsorbed manufacturing and overhead costs, and manufacturing variances. 
 License Fees and Royalties 
 License fees and royalties consist of milestone payments expensed or capitalized and subsequently amortized under our 2006 license agreement with the Ipsen Group. License fees and royalties also include royalties of two percent due to the Ipsen Group based upon net sales of NUPLAZID. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Our research and development expenses have consisted primarily of fees paid to external service providers, salaries and related personnel expenses, facilities and equipment expenses, and other costs incurred related to pre-commercial product candidates. We charge all research and development expenses to operations as incurred. Our research and development activities have primarily focused on NUPLAZID (pimavanserin), which was approved by the FDA for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson s disease psychosis on April 29, 2016. We currently are responsible for all costs incurred in the ongoing development of pimavanserin and we expect to continue to make substantial investments in clinical studies of pimavanserin for indications other than in PDP. Additionally, we will be responsible for all costs incurred for post-marketing studies that we committed to conduct in connection with FDA approval of NUPLAZID. 
 We use external service providers to manufacture our product candidates and for the majority of the services performed in connection with the preclinical and clinical development of pimavanserin. Historically, we have used our internal research and development resources, including our employees and discovery infrastructure, across several projects and many of our costs have not been attributable to a specific project. Accordingly, we have not reported our internal research and development costs on a project basis. To the extent that external expenses are not attributable to a specific project, they are included in other programs. The following table summarizes our research and development expenses by project for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 
 12 

Although NUPLAZID was approved by the FDA for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, at this time, due to the risks inherent in clinical development, we are unable to estimate with certainty the costs we will incur for the ongoing development of pimavanserin in additional indications, including those within Alzheimer s disease and schizophrenia. Due to these same factors, we are unable to determine with any certainty the anticipated completion dates for our current research and development programs. Clinical development and regulatory approval timelines, probability of success, and development costs vary widely. While our current development efforts are primarily focused on advancing the development of pimavanserin in additional indications other than in PDP, we anticipate that we will make determinations as to which programs to pursue and how much funding to direct to each program on an ongoing basis in response to the scientific and clinical success of each product candidate, as well as an ongoing assessment of the commercial potential of each opportunity and our financial position. We cannot forecast with any degree of certainty which product opportunities will be subject to future collaborative or licensing arrangements, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree any such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements. Similarly, we are unable to estimate with certainty the costs we will incur for post-marketing studies that we committed to conduct in connection with FDA approval of NUPLAZID. 
 We expect our research and development expenses to increase and continue to be substantial as we conduct studies pursuant to our post-marketing commitments and pursue the development of pimavanserin in additional indications other than in PDP, including studies within Alzheimer s disease and schizophrenia indications. The lengthy process of completing clinical trials and supporting development activities and seeking regulatory approval for our product opportunities requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us or delay in completing clinical trials, or in obtaining regulatory approvals, could cause our research and development expenses to increase and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, for our commercial personnel, including our recently hired specialty sales force, our medical education professionals, and our personnel serving in executive, finance, business development, and business operations functions. Also included in selling, general and administrative expenses are professional fees associated with legal and accounting services, costs associated with patents and patent applications for our intellectual property, and fees paid to external service providers to support our commercial activities associated with NUPLAZID. We expect our selling, general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods to support commercial activities associated with NUPLAZID and our further development of pimavanserin in additional indications other than in PDP. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Other than the additional critical accounting policy related to revenue discussed below, there have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates since December 31, 2015. For a description of our other critical accounting policies that affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Product Sales, Net 
   Our net product sales consist of U.S. sales of NUPLAZID and are recognized when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred and title to the product and associated risk of loss has passed to the customer, (iii) the price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. NUPLAZID was approved by the FDA on April 29, 2016 and we commenced shipments of NUPLAZID to specialty pharmacies, or SPs, and specialty distributors, or SDs, in late May 2016. Through  
 13 

September 30, 2016, we   have determined we do not have the necessary volume of activit  y to reasonably estimate certain     sales allowances at the time title and risk of loss transfers to the SP or SD.   Accordingly  , the price is not considered fixed or determinable at that time. Therefore, we   recognize revenue once   the SP   ha  s   filled   a   patient s   prescription for   NUPLAZID   or   the SD   sell  s     NUPLAZID  . This approach is frequently referred to as the  sell-through  revenue   recognition   model. Under the sell-through approach, revenue is recognized when the   SP     dispenses   product to a patient based on the fulfillment   of   a prescription or   the SD   sell  s     product to a government facility, long-term care pharmacy or   in-patient hospital   pharmacy  . As of   September   30  , 2016,   we   had a deferred revenue   balance   of $  1.9 million  , net of   distribution fees,     related to   NUPLAZID   product sales  .  
 We recognize revenue from product sales net of allowances for distribution fees, rebates, chargebacks, and co-payment assistance.  
 Results of Operations 
 Fluctuations in Operating Results 
 Our results of operations have fluctuated significantly from period to period in the past and are likely to continue to do so in the future. We anticipate that our quarterly and annual results of operations will be impacted for the foreseeable future by several factors, including the progress and timing of expenditures related to our commercial activities associated with NUPLAZID and the extent to which we generate revenue from product sales, our development of pimavanserin in additional indications other than in PDP, the progress and timing of expenditures related to studies pursuant to our post-marketing commitments, and the timing and amount of payments received pursuant to our current collaboration and any potential future collaborations. Due to these fluctuations, we believe that the period-to-period comparisons of our operating results are not a good indication of our future performance. 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 Product Sales, Net 
 Net product sales were $5.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and were comprised of sales of NUPLAZID which was approved by the FDA on April 29, 2016 and became available for prescription on May 31, 2016. No similar net product sales were recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 During the initial launch period, we defer the recognition of revenue from sales of NUPLAZID until product is dispensed to patients by the SPs or sold to government facilities and long-term care and in-patient hospital pharmacies by the SDs. At September 30, 2016, deferred product revenue of $1.9 million was recorded as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet, net of distribution fees. 
 Cost of Product Sales 
 Cost of product sales was $845,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, or approximately 16% of net product sales. Product sold during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was manufactured with raw material that was previously charged to research and development expense prior to FDA approval of NUPLAZID. This zero cost raw material did not materially impact our cost of product sales and related product gross margins for the three months ended September 30, 2016. No similar cost of product sales was recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
 License Fees and Royalties 
 License fees and royalties were $475,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and include the amortization of the $8.0 million milestone paid to the Ipsen Group upon the FDA approval of NUPLAZID. The $8.0 million milestone was recorded as an intangible asset and is being amortized over the estimated useful life of the asset through the second half of 2021. In addition, license fees and royalties include royalties due to the Ipsen Group of two percent of net sales of NUPLAZID. No similar license fees and royalties expense was recorded for the comparable period of 2015. 
 14 

Research a  nd Development Expenses  
 Research and development expenses increased to $25.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, including $4.3 million in stock-based compensation expense, from $18.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, including $3.9 million in stock-based compensation expense. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase of $4.8 million in external service costs driven largely by increased clinical costs related to the development of pimavanserin in indications other than in PDP. Also contributing to the increase in research and development expenses was an increase of $2.3 million in personnel and related costs and stock compensation expense associated with our expanded research and development organization. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to $50.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, including $9.4 million in stock-based compensation expense, from $20.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, including $5.3 million in stock-based compensation expense. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to an increase of $15.8 million in personnel and related costs and stock compensation expense and an increase of $14.4 million in external service costs. The increase in personnel and related costs was largely due to costs associated with the hiring of our specialty sales force in April 2016. The increase in external service costs was primarily due to costs incurred to support our commercial activities for NUPLAZID, as well as additional medical education programs.  
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
 Product Sales, Net 
 Net product sales were $5.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and were comprised of sales of NUPLAZID which was approved by the FDA on April 29, 2016 and became available for prescription on May 31, 2016. No similar net product sales were recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 During the initial launch period, we defer the recognition of revenue from sales of NUPLAZID until product is dispensed to patients by the SPs or sold to government facilities and long-term care and in-patient hospital pharmacies by the SDs. At September 30, 2016, deferred product revenue of $1.9 million was recorded as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet, net of distribution fees. 
 Cost of Product Sales 
 Cost of product sales was $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , or approximately 26% of net product sales. Product sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was manufactured with raw material that was previously charged to research and development expense prior to FDA approval of NUPLAZID. This zero cost raw material did not materially impact our cost of product sales and related product gross margins for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. No similar cost of product sales was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 License Fees and Royalties 
 License fees and royalties were $723,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and include the amortization of the $8.0 million milestone paid to the Ipsen Group upon the FDA approval of NUPLAZID. The $8.0 million milestone was recorded as an intangible asset and is being amortized over the estimated useful life of the asset through the second half of 2021. In addition, license fees and royalties include royalties due to the Ipsen Group of two percent of net sales of NUPLAZID. No similar license fees and royalties expense was recorded for the comparable period of 2015. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses increased to $69.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, including $13.5 million in stock-based compensation expense, from $53.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, including $9.1 million in stock-based compensation expense. The increase in research and development expenses was due to an increase of $10.3 million in personnel and related costs and stock compensation expense associated with our expanded research and development organization and an increase of $5.4 million in external service costs. The increase in external service costs was due to increased clinical costs related to the development of pimavanserin in indications other than in PDP as well as costs associated with the FDA s Psychopharmacologic Drugs Advisory Committee meeting that occurred in March 2016. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in manufacturing development costs. 
 15 

Selling,   General and Administrative Expenses  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to $128.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, including $25.9 million in stock-based compensation expense, from $65.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, including $22.2 million in stock-based compensation expense. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to an increase of $35.8 million in external service costs and an increase of $27.3 million in personnel and related costs and stock compensation expense. The increase in external service costs was primarily due to preparations for, and support of, the launch of NUPLAZID and related commercial activities, as well as additional medical education programs. The increase in personnel and related costs was primarily driven by costs associated with the hiring of our specialty sales force in April 2016. These increases were partially offset by a one-time expense of $9.6 million incurred in the first quarter of 2015 in connection with the transition agreement with our former Chief Executive Officer upon his retirement in March 2015. Included in this compensation expense of $9.6 million was $9.0 million in stock-based compensation expense.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 Since inception, we have funded our operations primarily through sales of our equity securities, payments received under our collaboration agreements, debt financings, and interest income. We anticipate that the level of cash used in our operations will increase in future periods in order to fund our ongoing and planned commercial activities for NUPLAZID, our ongoing and planned development activities for pimavanserin in additional indications other than in PDP, and studies to be conducted pursuant to our post-marketing commitments. We expect that our cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities will be sufficient to fund our planned operations through at least the next twelve months. 
 We may require significant additional financing in the future to fund our operations. Our future capital requirements will depend on, and could increase significantly as a result of, many factors, including: 

the progress in, and the costs of, our ongoing and planned development activities for pimavanserin, post-marketing studies for NUPLAZID to be conducted over the next several years, ongoing and planned commercial activities for NUPLAZID, and other research and development programs;     

the costs of maintaining and developing our sales and marketing capabilities for NUPLAZID;      

the costs of establishing, or contracting for, sales and marketing capabilities for other product candidates;     

the amount of U.S. product sales from NUPLAZID;     

the costs of preparing applications for regulatory approvals for NUPLAZID in jurisdictions other than the United States, and potentially in additional indications other than in PDP and for other product candidates, as well as the costs required to support review of such applications;     

the costs of manufacturing and distributing NUPLAZID for commercial use in the United States;     

our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and subsequently generate product sales from, NUPLAZID in jurisdictions other than the United States or in additional indications other than in PDP, or from other product candidates;     

the costs of acquiring additional product candidates or research and development programs;     

the scope, prioritization and number of our research and development programs;     

the ability of our collaborators and us to reach the milestones and other events or developments triggering payments under our collaboration or license agreements, or our collaborators  ability to make payments under these agreements;     

our ability to enter into new, and to maintain existing, collaboration and license agreements;     

the extent to which we are obligated to reimburse collaborators or collaborators are obligated to reimburse us for costs under collaboration agreements;     

the costs involved in filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patent claims and other intellectual property rights;     

the costs of maintaining or securing manufacturing arrangements and supply for clinical or commercial production of pimavanserin or other product candidates; and     

the costs associated with litigation, including the costs incurred in defending against any product liability claims that may be brought against us related to NUPLAZID and against claims made in connection with our announcement of the update to the timing of our planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID and the subsequent decline of the price of our common stock in March 2015.     

 16 

Unless and until we can generate significant cash from our operations, we expect to satisfy our future cash needs through our existing cash, cash equivalents an  d investment securities, strategic collaborations, public or private sales of our securities, debt financings, grant funding, or by licensing all or a portion of our product candidates or technology. In the past, periods of turmoil and volatility in the fi  nancial markets have adversely affected the market capitalizations of many biotechnology companies, and generally made equity and debt financing more difficult to obtain. These events, coupled with other factors, may limit our access to additional financin  g in the future. This could have a material adverse effect on our ability to access sufficient funding. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If funds are not available, we will be required to   delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs or our commercialization efforts. We also may be required to relinquish greater or all rights to product candidates at an earlier stage of development or on less f  avorable terms than we would otherwise choose. Additional funding, if obtained, may significantly dilute existing stockholders and could negatively impact the price of our stock.  
 We have invested a substantial portion of our available cash in a money market fund, U.S. Treasury notes, and high quality, marketable debt instruments of corporations and government sponsored enterprises in accordance with our investment policy. Our investment policy defines allowable investments and establishes guidelines relating to credit quality, diversification, and maturities of our investments to preserve principal and maintain liquidity. All investment securities have a credit rating of at least A3/A- or better, or P-1/A-1 or better, as determined by Moody s Investors Service or Standard   Poor s. Our investment portfolio has not been adversely impacted by the disruptions in the credit markets that have occurred in the past. However, if there are future disruptions in the credit markets, there can be no assurance that our investment portfolio will not be adversely affected. 
 At September 30, 2016, we had $588.9 million in cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities, compared to $215.1 million at December 31, 2015. This $373.8 million increase was primarily due to our January and August 2016 follow-on public offerings which raised total net proceeds of approximately $497.5 million, partially offset by cash used in operations. Net cash used in operating activities increased to $147.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $87.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase of $60.1 million was primarily due to the increase in our net loss offset by an increase of $8.6 million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense. 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled $331.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $90.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the net cash provided by investing activities for the comparable period of 2015 was primarily due to an increase in purchases of investment securities attributable to the January and August 2016 follow-on public offerings that contributed approximately $497.5 million in total net proceeds available for investment. Also contributing to the net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was the payment of an $8.0 million regulatory milestone pursuant to our license agreement with the Ipsen Group in connection with the FDA approval of NUPLAZID. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities increased to $529.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $5.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase in net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to the January and August 2016 follow-on public offerings that contributed approximately $497.5 million in total net proceeds. Also contributing to the increase in net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were proceeds of $17.7 million from stock option exercises and purchases under our employee stock purchase plan and $14.3 million received pursuant to a settlement agreement with prior 10% stockholders who sold shares of our stock in 2013, as described in Item 1 of Part I,  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 8   Stockholders  Equity .  
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 To date, we have not had any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which are established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As such, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these relationships. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Item 1 of Part I,  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 10   Recent Accounting Pronouncements . 

17 

ITEM 3  .   
 
              QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATI  VE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK     

 Interest Rate Risk 
 We invest our excess cash in investment-grade, interest-bearing securities. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and liquidity. To achieve this objective, we invest in a money market fund, U.S. Treasury notes, and high quality marketable debt instruments of corporations and government sponsored enterprises with contractual maturity dates of generally less than two years. All investment securities have a credit rating of at least A3/A- or better, or P-1/A-1 or better, as determined by Moody s Investors Service or Standard   Poor s. We do not have any direct investments in auction-rate securities or securities that are collateralized by assets that include mortgages or subprime debt. If a 10 percent change in interest rates were to have occurred on September 30, 2016, this change would not have had a material effect on the fair value of our investment portfolio as of that date. 

ITEM 4.   
 
        CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     

 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic and current reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of September 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2016. 
 An evaluation was also performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter and that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. That evaluation did not identify any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our latest fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

18 

PART II. OTHER   INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
 
        LEGAL PROCEEDINGS        

 In March 2015, following our announcement of the update to the timing of our planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID and the subsequent decline of the price of our common stock, two putative securities class action complaints (captioned Rihn v. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc., Case No. 15-cv-0575-BTM-DHB, and Wright v. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc., Case No. 15-cv-0593- BTM-DHB) were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, or the Court, against us and certain of our current and former officers. The complaints generally alleged that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by making materially false and misleading statements regarding the timing of our planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID, thereby artificially inflating the price of our common stock. The complaints sought unspecified monetary damages and other relief. On April 10 and June 1, 2015, the Court entered orders deferring the defendants  response to the Rihn and Wright complaints until after the Court appointed a lead plaintiff and assigned lead counsel. On May 12, 2015, several putative stockholders filed separate motions to consolidate the two actions and be appointed lead plaintiff. On September 8, 2015, the Court issued an order consolidating the two actions, appointing lead plaintiff, and assigning lead counsel. On November 16, 2015, lead plaintiff filed a consolidated complaint with the Court which, like the prior complaints, accused the defendants of making materially false and misleading statements regarding the anticipated timing of our planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID. On January 15, 2016, we filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. On September 19, 2016, the Court issued an order denying the motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. On October 18, 2016, we filed a motion for reconsideration of the Court s order denying the motion to dismiss. On October 21, 2016, we filed our answer to the consolidated complaint. The hearing on our motion for reconsideration is scheduled for December 16, 2016. We plan to continue to vigorously defend against the claims advanced. 

ITEM 1A.   
 
        RISK FACTORS     

 You should consider carefully the following information about the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Quarterly Report and in our other public filings in evaluating our business. The risk factors set forth below that are marked with an asterisk (*) did not appear as separate risk factors in, or contain changes to the similarly titled risk factor included in, Item 1A to our Annual Report. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our prospects are highly dependent on the successful commercialization of NUPLAZID, which received approval in April 2016 from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, as a treatment for hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson s disease psychosis, and became available for prescription in the United States in May 2016. To the extent NUPLAZID is not commercially successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and the price of our common stock may decline.* 
 NUPLAZID is our only drug that has been approved for sale and it has only been approved for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson s disease psychosis, or PDP, in the United States. We are focusing a significant portion of our activities and resources on NUPLAZID, and we believe our prospects are highly dependent on, and a significant portion of the value of our company relates to, our ability to successfully commercialize NUPLAZID in the United States. 
   Successful commercialization of NUPLAZID is subject to many risks. Prior to NUPLAZID, we had never, as an organization, launched or commercialized any product, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully launch or commercialize NUPLAZID for its approved indication. There are numerous examples of unsuccessful product launches and failures to meet high expectations of market potential, including by pharmaceutical companies with more experience and resources than us. While we have established our commercial team and have hired our U.S. sales force, we will need to maintain and further develop the team in order to successfully coordinate the launch and commercialization of NUPLAZID. Even if we are successful in maintaining and continuing to develop our commercial team, there are many factors that could cause the launch and commercialization of NUPLAZID to be unsuccessful, including a number of factors that are outside our control. Because no drug has previously been approved by the FDA for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, it is especially difficult to estimate NUPLAZID s market potential. The commercial success of NUPLAZID depends on the extent to which patients and physicians recognize and diagnose PDP and accept and adopt NUPLAZID as a treatment for hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, and we do not know whether our or others  estimates in this regard will be accurate. For example, if the patient population suffering from hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP is smaller than we estimate or if physicians are unwilling to prescribe or patients are unwilling to take NUPLAZID due to its  boxed  warning or other reasons, the commercial potential of NUPLAZID will be limited. We have limited information about how physicians, patients and payors will respond to the pricing of NUPLAZID, including because as part of  
 19 

our initial launch strategy we have   provided free   product as samples and through a 30-day free trial period of NUPLAZID, and do not know whether patients that initially use NUPLAZID will continue to do so after the   sample   or 30-day free trial   period ends  .   Physicians may not prescribe NUPLAZID and p  atients may   be unwilling to   use NUPLAZID if coverage is not provided or reimbursement is inadequate to cover a significant portion of the cost.     Additionally, any negative development for   NUPLAZID in our post-mark  eting commitments,   in clinical development   in additional   indications other than   in   PDP  ,     or in regulatory processes in other jurisdictions,   may adversely impact   the commercial results and potential of NUPLAZID.   Thus, significant uncertainty remains regardin  g the   commercial potential of NUPLAZID.     
 If the launch or commercialization of NUPLAZID is unsuccessful or perceived as disappointing, our stock price could decline significantly and the long-term success of the product and our company could be harmed. 
 If we do not obtain regulatory approval of NUPLAZID for other indications in the United States, or for any indications in foreign jurisdictions, we will not be able to market NUPLAZID for other indications or in other jurisdictions, which will limit our commercial revenues.* 
 While NUPLAZID (pimavanserin) has been approved by the FDA for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, it has not been approved by the FDA for any other indications, and it has not been approved in any other jurisdiction for this indication or for any other indication. In order to market NUPLAZID for other indications or in other jurisdictions, we must obtain regulatory approval for each of those indications and in each of the applicable jurisdictions, and we may never be able to obtain such approval. Approval of NUPLAZID by the FDA for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP does not ensure that the foreign jurisdictions will also approve NUPLAZID for that indication, nor does it ensure that NUPLAZID will be approved by the FDA for any other indications. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, sale, import, export, marketing, and distribution of pharmaceutical product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, whose regulations differ from country to country. We will be required to comply with different regulations and policies of the jurisdictions where we seek approval for our product candidates, and we have not yet identified all of the requirements that we will need to satisfy to submit NUPLAZID for approval for other indications or in other jurisdictions. This will require additional time, expertise and expense, including the potential need to conduct additional studies or development work for other jurisdictions beyond the work that we have conducted to support our NDA submission in PDP. In particular, in May 2016 we received comments from the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, on our proposed pediatric investigation plan, or PIP, related to our planned submission of a marketing authorization application, or MAA, for NUPLAZID in Europe. Since receiving these comments we worked with the Pediatric Commission of the EMA to develop an appropriate PIP for NUPLAZID in Europe.  While discussions with the EMA are ongoing, we submitted our new PIP in the third quarter and are waiting for a response from the Pediatric Commission of the EMA. As we will need to have agreement on the PIP before we can submit our MAA, this has pushed back the proposed timing of our submission of the MAA and we do not yet have a revised estimate of when we will make that filing.If we do not receive marketing approval for NUPLAZID for any other indication or from any regulatory agency other than the FDA, we will never be able to commercialize NUPLAZID for any other indication in the United States or for any indication in any other jurisdiction. Even if we do receive additional regulatory approvals, we may not be successful in commercializing those opportunities. 
 If the results or timing of regulatory filings, the regulatory process, regulatory developments, clinical trials or preclinical studies, or other activities, actions or decisions related to NUPLAZID do not meet our or others  expectations, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 Even though the FDA has granted approval of NUPLAZID for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, the terms of the approval may limit its commercial potential. Additionally, NUPLAZID is still subject to substantial, ongoing regulatory requirements.* 
 Even though the FDA has granted approval of NUPLAZID, the scope and terms of the approval may limit our ability to commercialize NUPLAZID and, therefore, our ability to generate substantial sales revenues. The FDA has approved NUPLAZID only for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP. The label for NUPLAZID also contains a  boxed  warning that elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis treated with antipsychotic drugs are at an increased risk of death, and that NUPLAZID is not approved for the treatment of patients with dementia-related psychosis unrelated to the hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP. 
   Additionally, in connection with the FDA approval, we have committed to conduct the following post-marketing studies: (i) a randomized, placebo-controlled withdrawal study in PDP patients treated with NUPLAZID, (ii) studies to collect additional data to add to the NUPLAZID safety database from an aggregate of at least 500 predominantly frail and elderly subjects on NUPLAZID in one or more randomized, placebo-controlled studies of eight or more weeks duration, (iii) a drug-drug interaction study with NUPLAZID and a strong CYP3A4 inducer, and (iv) re-analysis of tissue samples from certain previously conducted pre-clinical  
 20 

studies  . If we fail to comply with our post-marketing commitments, or if the results of the post-marketing studies, or any other ongoing   or planned   clinical studies of NUPLAZID, are negative, the FDA   could decide to withdraw approval, add warnings or narrow the approved indication   in the product label.   
 The manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for NUPLAZID will also continue to be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with current good manufacturing processes, good clinical practices, international conference on harmonization regulations and good laboratory practices, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA for all of our nonclinical and clinical development and for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.  
 Discovery of any issues post-approval, including any safety concerns, such as unexpected side effects or drug-drug interaction problems, adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or concerns over misuse or abuse of the product, problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, packaged or distributed, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things, restrictions on NUPLAZID or on us, including: 

withdrawal of approval, addition of warnings or narrowing of the approved indication in the product label;     

requirement of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy to mitigate the risk of off-label use in populations where the FDA may believe that the potential risks of use may outweigh its benefits;     

voluntary or mandatory recalls;     

warning letters;     

suspension of any ongoing clinical studies;     

refusal by the FDA or other regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product approvals;     

restrictions on operations, including restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product or the imposition of costly new manufacturing requirements; or     

seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products.     

 If any of these actions were to occur, we may have to discontinue the commercialization of NUPLAZID, limit our sales and marketing efforts, conduct further post-approval studies, and/or discontinue or change any other ongoing or planned clinical studies, which in turn could result in significant expense and delay or limit our ability to generate sales revenues. 
 NUPLAZID has only been studied in a limited number of patients and in limited populations. As we continue our commercial launch, NUPLAZID is becoming available to a much larger number of patients and in broader populations, and we do not know whether the results of NUPLAZID use in such larger number of patients and broader populations will be consistent with the results from our clinical studies.* 
 Prior to commencing our commercial launch of NUPLAZID in May 2016, NUPLAZID was administered only to a limited number of patients and in limited populations in clinical studies, including our successful pivotal -020 Phase III trial with NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP, or the -020 Study. While the FDA granted approval of NUPLAZID based on the data included in the NDA, including data from the -020 Study, we do not know whether the results when a large number of patients and broader populations are exposed to NUPLAZID, including results related to safety and efficacy, will be consistent with the results from earlier clinical studies of NUPLAZID that served as the basis for the approval of NUPLAZID. New data relating to NUPLAZID, including from adverse event reports and post-marketing studies in the United States, and from other ongoing clinical studies, may result in changes to the product label and may adversely affect sales, or result in withdrawal of NUPLAZID from the market. The FDA and regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions may also consider the new data in reviewing NUPLAZID marketing applications for indications other than in PDP and/or in other jurisdictions, or impose additional post approval requirements. If any of these actions were to occur, it could result in significant expense and delay or limit our ability to generate sales revenues. 
 We currently have very limited experience as a company in marketing and distributing pharmaceutical products and rely on a limited network of third party distributors and pharmacies to distribute NUPLAZID. If we are unable to effectively commercialize NUPLAZID, we may not be able to generate product revenues.* 
   Our strategy is to build a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company to successfully execute the commercial launch of NUPLAZID in the United States. NUPLAZID is our only drug that has been approved for sale by any regulatory body, and it became  
 21 

available for prescription in the United States on May 31, 2016. As such, w  hi  le we have established our   commercial team  ,   hired our U.S. sales force   and commenc  ed the launch of NUPLAZID in the United States  , we   currently   have   very limited     experience commercializing pharmaceutical products   as an organization  . In order to   successfully   market NUPLAZID, we must   maintain and   continue to   develop   our sales, marketing, m  anagerial, compliance, and related capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. If we are unable to   maintain     and develop   adequate sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third partie  s, we may not be able to   appropriately commercialize NUPLAZID   and may not become profitable  .  
 We employ our own internal specialty sales force to commercialize NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP as part of our commercialization strategy in the United States. We will need to maintain and further develop our sales force as we continue our commercialization efforts, and we will be competing with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. These efforts will continue to be expensive and time-consuming, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully maintain and further develop this capability.  
 Additionally, our strategy in the United States includes distributing NUPLAZID solely through a limited network of third-party specialty distributors and specialty pharmacies. While we have entered into agreements with each of these distributors and pharmacies to distribute NUPLAZID in the United States, they may not perform as agreed, or they may terminate their agreements with us. Also, we may need to enter into agreements with additional distributors or pharmacies, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to maintain and, if needed, expand, our network of specialty distributors and specialty pharmacies, this would expose us to substantial distribution risk. 
 In the event we are unable to effectively develop and maintain our commercial team, including our U.S. sales force, or maintain and, if needed, expand, our network of specialty distributors and specialty pharmacies, our ability to effectively commercialize NUPLAZID and generate product revenues would be limited. 
 If we are unable to effectively train and equip our sales force, our ability to successfully commercialize NUPLAZID will be harmed.* 
 NUPLAZID is a newly-marketed drug and, therefore, none of the members of our sales force had ever promoted NUPLAZID prior to its launch. In addition, NUPLAZID is the first drug approved by the FDA for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP. As a result, we are and will continue to be required to expend significant time and resources to train our sales force to be credible, persuasive, and compliant with applicable laws in marketing NUPLAZID for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP to neurologists, select psychiatrists, and pharmacists and physicians in long-term care facilities. In addition, we must train our sales force to ensure that a consistent and appropriate message about NUPLAZID is being delivered to our potential customers. If we are unable to effectively train our sales force and equip them with effective materials, including medical and sales literature to help them inform and educate potential customers about the benefits of NUPLAZID and its proper administration, our efforts to successfully commercialize NUPLAZID could be put in jeopardy, which would negatively impact our ability to generate product revenues. 
 NUPLAZID may not gain acceptance among physicians, patients, and the medical community, thereby limiting our potential to generate revenues.* 
 The degree of market acceptance by physicians, healthcare professionals and third-party payors of NUPLAZID, and any other product for which we obtain regulatory approval, and our profitability and growth, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy;     

the scope of the approved indication(s) for the product;     

the inclusion of any warnings or contraindications in the product label;     

the relative convenience and ease of administration;     

the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects;     

the availability of alternative treatments;     

pricing and cost effectiveness, which may be subject to regulatory control;     

effectiveness of our or our collaborators  sales and marketing strategy; and     

our ability to obtain sufficient third-party insurance coverage or adequate reimbursement levels.     

 22 

If a product does not provide a treatment regimen that is at least as beneficial as the current standard of care or otherwise does not provide patient benefit, that product will not achieve market   acceptance and we will not generate sufficient revenues to achieve or maintain profitability.  
 With respect to NUPLAZID specifically, successful commercialization will depend on whether and to what extent physicians, long-term care facilities and pharmacies, over whom we have no control, determine to utilize NUPLAZID at the price that we have selected. NUPLAZID is available to treat hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, an indication for which no other FDA-approved pharmaceutical treatment exists. Because of this, it is particularly difficult to estimate NUPLAZID s market potential and how physicians, payors and patients will respond to the pricing of NUPLAZID. Industry sources and analysts have a divergence of estimates for the near- and long-term market potential of NUPLAZID, and a variety of assumptions directly impact the estimates for NUPLAZID s market potential, including assumptions regarding the prevalence of PDP, the rate of diagnosis of PDP, the prevalence and rate of hallucinations and delusions in patients diagnosed with PDP, the rate of physician adoption of NUPLAZID, the potential impact of payor restrictions regarding NUPLAZID, and patient adherence and compliance rates. Small differences in these assumptions can lead to widely divergent estimates of the market potential of NUPLAZID. For example, certain research suggests that patients with Parkinson s disease may be hesitant to report symptoms of PDP to their treating physicians for a variety of reasons, including apprehension about societal stigmas relating to mental illness. Research also suggests that physicians who typically treat patients with Parkinson s disease may not ask about or identify symptoms of PDP. For these reasons, even if PDP occurs in high rates among patients with Parkinson s disease, it may be underdiagnosed. Even if PDP is diagnosed, physicians may not prescribe treatment for hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, and if they do prescribe treatment, they may prescribe other drugs, even though they are not approved in PDP, instead of NUPLAZID. Additionally, NUPLAZID is approved only for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, rather than for the treatment of PDP and/or other symptoms of PDP, which may cause confusion for prescribing physicians. This confusion could result in physicians not prescribing NUPLAZID for patients diagnosed with PDP. The label for NUPLAZID also contains a  boxed  warning that elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis treated with antipsychotic drugs are at an increased risk of death, and that NUPLAZID is not approved for the treatment of patients with dementia-related psychosis unrelated to the hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP. This warning may discourage physicians from prescribing NUPLAZID to patients diagnosed with PDP, including those with dementia. In addition, even if NUPLAZID is prescribed for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, issues may arise with respect to patient adherence and compliance rates. For example, the recommended dosing of NUPLAZID is two 17 mg tablets, taken together once a day. Patients may elect, whether at the direction of their physician or otherwise, to take only one tablet a day instead of two, to take tablets at different times during the day, or to otherwise not adhere to the recommended dosing, any of which could result in far lower efficacy. If patients do not adhere to the recommended dosing of NUPLAZID, patients and physicians may believe that NUPLAZID is less effective, and as a result they may stop taking it and prescribing it. Thus, the commercial success of NUPLAZID depends on acceptance by patients and physicians, and there are a number of factors that could skew our or others  estimates about whether and to what extent NUPLAZID will be prescribed for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP. 
 Our ability to generate product revenues will be diminished if NUPLAZID does not receive coverage from payors or sells for inadequate prices, or if patients have unacceptably high co-pay amounts.* 
 Patients who are prescribed medicine for the treatment of their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. Even if we obtain coverage for NUPLAZID, or other products we may market, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients may not use NUPLAZID if coverage is not provided or reimbursement is inadequate to cover a significant portion of its cost. 
 In addition, the market for NUPLAZID depends significantly on access to third-party payors  drug formularies, or lists of medications for which third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement. The industry competition to be included in such formularies often leads to downward pricing pressures on pharmaceutical companies. Also, third-party payors may refuse to include a particular branded drug in their formularies or otherwise restrict patient access to a branded drug when a less costly generic equivalent or other alternative is available, even if not approved for the indication for which NUPLAZID is approved. 
   Third-party payors, whether foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. The current environment is putting pressure on companies to price products below what they may feel is appropriate. Selling NUPLAZID at less than an optimized price could impact our revenues and overall success as a company. We do not know if the price we have selected for NUPLAZID of $1,950 per month for a 34 mg daily dose is the optimized price. In addition, in the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for NUPLAZID may differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the  
 23 

coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of   NUPLAZID   to each payor separately, with   no assurance that coverage will be obtained. If we are unable to obtain coverage of, and adequate payment levels for, NUPLAZID or any other products we may market to third-party payors, physicians may limit how much or under what circumstances they will pr  escribe or administer them and patients may decline to purchase them. This in turn could affect our ability to successfully commercialize NUPLAZID, or any other products we may market, and thereby adversely impact our profitability, results of operations,   financial condition, and future success.  
 We are subject to federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations and implementation of or changes to such healthcare laws and regulations could adversely affect our business and results of operations.* 
 In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals in recent years to change the healthcare system in ways that could impact our ability to sell NUPLAZID, and any other potential products, as described in greater detail in the Government Regulation section of our Annual Report. If we are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other federal or state regulations, we may be subject to administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties, damages, fines, individual imprisonment, exclusion from federal health care programs and the restructuring of our operations. Any of these could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Since many of these laws have not been fully interpreted by the courts, there is an increased risk that we may be found in violation of one or more of their provisions. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we ultimately are successful in our defense, will cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention away from the operation of our business. 
 In addition, in many foreign countries, particularly the countries of the European Union, the pricing of prescription drugs is subject to government control. In some non-U.S. jurisdictions, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. We may face competition from lower-priced products in foreign countries that have placed price controls on pharmaceutical products. In addition, there may be importation of foreign products that compete with NUPLAZID, and any other products we may market, which could negatively impact our profitability. 
 We expect that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we may receive for any approved product, including NUPLAZID. An expansion in the government s role in the U.S. healthcare industry may cause general downward pressure on the prices of prescription drug products, lower reimbursements for providers using NUPLAZID or any other product for which we obtain regulatory approval, reduce product utilization and adversely affect our business and results of operations. It is unclear whether and to what extent, if at all, other anticipated developments resulting from the federal healthcare reform legislation, such as an increase in the number of people with health insurance and an increased focus on preventive medicine, may provide us additional revenue to offset fees enacted under the ACA on certain drug product sales, subject to limited exceptions. It is possible that these fees, if applicable, would adversely affect our financial performance. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize NUPLAZID or any other products for which we may receive regulatory approval. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws or regulations described above, comparable laws and regulations of non-U.S. jurisdictions or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state privacy, security and fraud laws may prove costly. 
 We are subject, directly and indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties.* 
   We began commercializing NUPLAZID in the United States in May 2016. As a result, our operations are now directly, and indirectly through our customers and third-party payors, subject to various U.S. federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the U.S. federal False Claims Act, and physician sunshine laws  
 24 

and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our sales, marketing and education programs and constrain the business or financial arrangements with   healthcare providers, physicians and other parties through which we market, sell and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition, we   are   subject to patient data privacy and security regulation by both the U.S. federal gover  nment and the states in which we conduct our business. Finally, we may be subject to additional healthcare, statutory and regulatory requirements and enforcement by foreign regulatory authorities in jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. The laws   that may affect our ability to operate include:  

the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or certain rebates), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under U.S. federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation;     

the U.S. federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which impose criminal and civil penalties, through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, on individuals or entities for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented to the U.S. federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act;     

the U.S. federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation;     

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, and as amended again by the Final HIPAA Omnibus Rule, Modifications to the HIPAA Privacy, Security, Enforcement and Breach Notification Rules Under HITECH and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act; Other Modifications to the HIPAA Rules, published in January 2013, which imposes certain obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization by covered entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and healthcare providers as well as their business associates that perform certain services involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information;     

the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices;     

the U.S. federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the  Physician Payments Sunshine Act , which was enacted as part of the ACA and its implementing regulations and requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to certain payments and other transfers of value made to physicians, other healthcare providers, and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare providers and their immediate family members;     

analogous state laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; and state laws and regulations that require drug manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts; and     

 25 

European and other foreign law equivalents of each of the laws, including reporting requirements detailing interactions with and payments to healthcare providers.     

 Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations could involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from U.S. government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Moreover, while we do not bill third-party payors directly and our customers make the ultimate decision on how to submit claims, from time-to-time, for NUPLAZID, and any other product candidates that may be approved, we may provide reimbursement guidance to patients and healthcare providers. If a government authority were to conclude that we provided improper advice and/or encouraged the submission of a false claim for reimbursement, we could face action against us by government authorities. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs and imprisonment. If any of the above occur, it could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of NUPLAZID, or any other product candidates that may be approved, outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. 
 If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or other governmental pricing programs in the United States, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, fines, sanctions and exposure under other laws which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.* 
 We participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, as administered by CMS, and other federal and state government pricing programs in the United States, and we may participate in additional government pricing programs in the future. These programs generally require us to pay rebates or otherwise provide discounts to government payors in connection with drugs that are dispensed to beneficiaries/recipients of these programs. In some cases, such as with the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the rebates are based on pricing that we report on a monthly and quarterly basis to the government agencies that administer the programs. Pricing requirements and rebate/discount calculations are complex, vary among products and programs, and are often subject to interpretation by governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts. The requirements of these programs, including, by way of example, their respective terms and scope, change frequently. Responding to current and future changes may increase our costs, and the complexity of compliance will be time consuming. Invoicing for rebates is provided in arrears, and there is frequently a time lag of up to several months between the sales to which rebate notices relate and our receipt of those notices, which further complicates our ability to accurately estimate and accrue for rebates related to the Medicaid program as implemented by individual states. Thus, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify all factors that may cause our discount and rebate payment obligations to vary from period to period, and our actual results may differ significantly from our estimated allowances for discounts and rebates. Changes in estimates and assumptions may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services and other Congressional, enforcement and administrative bodies have recently increased their focus on pricing requirements for products, including, but not limited to the methodologies used by manufacturers to calculate average manufacturer price, or AMP, and best price, or BP, for compliance with reporting requirements under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. We are liable for errors associated with our submission of pricing data and for any overcharging of government payors. For example, failure to submit monthly/quarterly AMP and BP data on a timely basis could result in a civil monetary penalty of $10,000 per day for each day the submission is late beyond the due date. Failure to make necessary disclosures and/or to identify overpayments could result in allegations against us under the Federal False Claims Act and other laws and regulations. Any required refunds to the U.S. government or responding to a government investigation or enforcement action would be expensive and time consuming and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, in the event that the CMS were to terminate our rebate agreement, no federal payments would be available under Medicaid or Medicare for our covered outpatient drugs. 
 The FDA granted marketing approval of NUPLAZID for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, and we could face liability if a regulatory authority determines that we are promoting NUPLAZID for any  off-label  uses.* 
   A company may not promote  off-label  uses for its drug products. An off-label use is the use of a product for an indication that is not described in the product s FDA-approved label in the United States or for uses in other jurisdictions that differ from those approved by the applicable regulatory agencies. Physicians, on the other hand, may prescribe products for off-label uses. Although the  
 26 

FDA and other regulatory agencies do not regulate a physician s choice of drug treatment made in the physician s i  ndependent medical judgment, they do restrict promotional communications from pharmaceutical companies or their sales force with respect to off-label uses of products for which marketing clearance has not been issued. A company that is found to have promot  ed off-label use of its product may be subject to significant liability, including civil and criminal sanctions.   W  e intend to comply with the requirements and restrictions of the FDA and other regulatory agencies with respect to our promotion of   NUPLAZID,   and any other   products   we may market  , but we cannot be sure that the FDA or other regulatory agencies will agree that we have not violated their restrictions. As a result, we may be subject to criminal and civil liability. In addition, our management s att  ention could be diverted to handle any such alleged violations. A significant number of pharmaceutical companies have been the target of inquiries and investigations by various U.S. federal and state regulatory, investigative, prosecutorial and administrat  ive entities in connection with the promotion of products for unapproved uses and other sales practices, including the Department of Justice and various U.S. Attorneys  Offices, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services  , the FDA, the Federal Trade Commission and various state Attorneys General offices. These investigations have alleged violations of various U.S. federal and state laws and regulations, including claims asserting antitrust violations, violations of the FDC  A, the federal False Claims Act, the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, anti-kickback laws, and other alleged violations in connection with the promotion of products for unapproved uses, pricing and Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement. If the FDA or any o  ther governmental agency initiates an enforcement action against us or if we are the subject of a qui tam suit and it is determined that we violated prohibitions relating to the promotion of products for unapproved uses, we could be subject to substantial   civil or criminal fines or damage awards and other sanctions such as consent decrees and corporate integrity agreements pursuant to which our activities would be subject to ongoing scrutiny and monitoring to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regul  ations. Any such fines, awards or other sanctions would have an adverse effect on our revenue, business, financial prospects, and reputation  .  
 We expect our net losses to continue for at least the next few years and are unable to predict the extent of future losses or when we will become profitable, if ever.* 
 We have experienced significant net losses since our inception. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $855.3 million. We expect to incur net losses over the next few years as we invest in the commercialization of NUPLAZID and advance our development programs. 
 Even though we began commercializing NUPLAZID in the United States in May 2016, we still expect to incur significant expenses and net losses for at least the next few years as we continue our commercialization efforts for NUPLAZID and pursue the further development of NUPLAZID and our product candidates. Substantially all of our revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 were from reimbursement of patent costs under our agreements with third parties. The research term of our 2003 research collaboration with Allergan concluded in 2013 and we no longer recognize revenues from this collaboration. In addition, our 1999 muscarinic collaboration focused on glaucoma terminated in 2015 and we will not be receiving any further payments under that agreement. Thus, any payments from Allergan pursuant to our continuing collaboration in chronic pain are dependent upon the advancement of an applicable product candidate, and we cannot be certain that we will receive any additional collaboration payments.  
 We expect that our near-term revenues will therefore be substantially dependent on our ability to generate net product sales of NUPLAZID. To the extent that we cannot generate significant revenues from the sale of NUPLAZID to cover our expenses, including the significant expenses associated with commercializing NUPLAZID and continuing to develop pimavanserin in additional indications, we may never achieve profitability and/or may have to reduce our commercialization and/or research and development activities to become profitable, which would harm our future growth prospects. Additionally, to obtain revenues from product candidates other than NUPLAZID, we must succeed, either alone or with others, in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing and marketing compounds with significant market potential. We may never succeed in these activities and may never generate revenues from our commercialization of NUPLAZID, or from other product candidates that may be approved, that are significant enough to achieve profitability. 
 If we fail to obtain the capital necessary to fund our operations, we will be unable to successfully continue the development and commercialization of NUPLAZID or successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates.* 
 We have consumed substantial amounts of capital since our inception. Our cash, cash equivalents and investment securities totaled $588.9 million at September 30, 2016. We raised net proceeds of approximately $281.6 million and $215.9 million in follow-on public offerings in January 2016 and August 2016, respectively. While we believe that our existing cash resources will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements through at least the next twelve months, we may require significant additional financing in the future to continue to fund our operations. Our future capital requirements will depend on, and could increase significantly as a result of, many factors including: 
 27 

the progress in, and the costs of, our ongoing and planned development activities for pimavanserin,   post-marketing studies for NUPLAZID to be conducted over the next several   years,     ongoing and planned   commercial activities for NUPLAZID, and other research and development programs;     

the costs of maintaining and developing our sales and marketing capabilities for NUPLAZID;     

the costs of establishing, or contracting for, sales and marketing capabilities for other product candidates;     

the amount of U.S. product sales from NUPLAZID;     

the costs of preparing applications for regulatory approvals for NUPLAZID in jurisdictions other than the United States, and potentially in additional indications other than in PDP, and for other product candidates, as well as the costs required to support review of such applications;     

the costs of manufacturing and distributing NUPLAZID for commercial use in the United States;     

our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and subsequently generate product sales from, NUPLAZID in jurisdictions other than the United States or in additional indications other than in PDP, or from other product candidates;     

the costs of acquiring additional product candidates or research and development programs;     

the scope, prioritization and number of our research and development programs;     

the ability of our collaborators and us to reach the milestones and other events or developments triggering payments under our collaboration or license agreements, or our collaborators  ability to make payments under these agreements;     

our ability to enter into new, and to maintain existing, collaboration and license agreements;     

the extent to which we are obligated to reimburse collaborators or collaborators are obligated to reimburse us for costs under collaboration agreements;     

the costs involved in filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patent claims and other intellectual property rights;     

the costs of maintaining or securing manufacturing arrangements and supply for clinical or commercial production of pimavanserin or other product candidates; and     

the costs associated with litigation, including the costs incurred in defending against any product liability claims that may be brought against us related to NUPLAZID, and against claims made in connection with our announcement of the update to the timing of our planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID and the subsequent decline of the price of our common stock in March 2015.     

 Unless and until we can generate significant cash from our operations, we expect to satisfy our future cash needs through our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities, strategic collaborations, public or private sales of our securities, debt financings, grant funding, or by licensing all or a portion of our product candidates or technology. In the past, periods of turmoil and volatility in the financial markets have adversely affected the market capitalizations of many biotechnology companies, and generally made equity and debt financing more difficult to obtain. These events, coupled with other factors, may limit our access to additional financing in the future. This could have a material adverse effect on our ability to access sufficient funding. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If funds are not available, we will be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs or our commercialization efforts. We also may be required to relinquish greater or all rights to product candidates at an earlier stage of development or on less favorable terms than we would otherwise choose. Additional funding, if obtained, may significantly dilute existing stockholders and could negatively impact the price of our stock. 
 The pivotal Phase III study with NUPLAZID for PDP, the results of which were announced in November 2012, was our first successful pivotal Phase III trial and there is no guarantee that future studies with pimavanserin will be successful.* 
   The historical rate of failures for product candidates in clinical development is extremely high. In November 2012, we announced results from the -020 Study. Even though we successfully completed the -020 Study, those results are not predictive of the results of any additional studies that we may undertake with pimavanserin, including the post-marketing studies we committed to conduct in connection with FDA approval of NUPLAZID. We believe that pimavanserin also may have utility in indications other than in PDP, such as Alzheimer s disease psychosis, or ADP, Alzheimer s disease agitation, and in schizophrenia. However, prior to the first efficacy study that we commenced in late 2013, we had never tested pimavanserin in clinical studies for ADP or any Alzheimer s disease indication, and prior to the efficacy study that we announced we had initiated in October 2016, we had never tested pimavanserin in clinical studies for Alzheimer s disease agitation. Additionally, prior to the study in schizophrenia that we announced we had initiated in November 2016, we had only conducted a Phase II trial for pimavanserin as a co-therapy treatment in  
 28 

schizophrenia. There is no guarantee that we will have the same level of success with pimavanserin in other indications that we had with the -020 Study or that we will be successful at all in   ongoing or   future studies for additional in  dications   or in our post-marketing studies,   or that future results of studies of NUPLAZID for the treatment   in   PDP will be consistent with those from the -020 Study  .  
 If we do not successfully complete additional development of NUPLAZID, we will be unable to market and sell NUPLAZID or products derived from it for indications other than the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, or to generate related product revenues. 
 We do not have a partner for the development of pimavanserin, and are solely responsible for the advancement of this program and commercialization of the product.* 
 We have full responsibility for the pimavanserin program throughout the world. We expect our research and development costs for continued development of pimavanserin to be substantial. While we currently are undertaking the ongoing development work for pimavanserin, including clinical trials of pimavanserin for indications other than in PDP, in the future we would need to add resources and raise additional funds in order to take this product candidate to market for indications other than in PDP or in jurisdictions outside the United States, and to conduct the necessary sales and marketing activities, and to conduct further development activities, if we do not secure a partner. Our current strategy is to commercialize NUPLAZID for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP in the United States using our specialty sales force focused primarily on neurologists, a small group of psychiatrists, and pharmacists and physicians in long-term care facilities who treat PDP patients. In addition, if we are approved to commercialize NUPLAZID in markets outside of the United States, we will more than likely need to establish one or more strategic alliances in the future for that purpose. Without future collaboration partners in the United States and abroad, we might not be able to realize the full value of NUPLAZID. 
 We conducted a life-cycle planning project for pimavanserin that was initiated in 2015 and through which we have formulated a multi-year plan to develop pimavanserin in additional indications other than in PDP, including within Alzheimer s disease and schizophrenia as described above. Given the unique profile of pimavanserin, together with the list of potential indications we could pursue, this has been a substantial and a very important undertaking. Our life-cycle planning process will be ongoing as we evaluate appropriate indications for pimavanserin to pursue as we seek to maximize the opportunities for this compound. If our life-cycle planning and execution is not conducted successfully, then we may not realize the full value from pimavanserin or may devote substantial resources to develop pimavanserin for indications that are ultimately not successful or do not yield adequate returns. Furthermore, even though NUPLAZID is approved for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, a failure in a subsequent study for another indication, including the studies we recently initiated in Alzheimer s disease agitation or schizophrenia, or a failure in our post-marketing studies could harm our ability to successfully market NUPLAZID for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP or could lead to it being withdrawn from the market. If we are unable to develop pimavanserin for other indications, we may not be able to maximize the potential of the compound and that could have a material adverse effect on our future revenues and our success as a company. 
 Our most advanced product candidates are in development, which is a long, expensive and unpredictable process, and there is a high risk of failure.* 
 Preclinical testing and clinical trials are long, expensive and unpredictable processes that can be subject to delays. It may take several years to complete the preclinical testing and clinical development necessary to commercialize a drug, and delays or failure can occur at any stage. Interim results of clinical trials do not necessarily predict final results, and success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials even after promising results in earlier trials. 
 Our drug development programs are at various stages of development and the historical rate of failures for product candidates is extremely high. In fact, we ended Phase I testing of AM-831 in 2012 and had previously had an unsuccessful Phase III trial with NUPLAZID. An unfavorable outcome in any of our ongoing or future development efforts or in the post-marketing studies for NUPLAZID would be a major set-back for the program and for us, generally. In particular, an unfavorable outcome in our NUPLAZID program or in the post-marketing studies may require us to delay, devote additional substantial resources to, reduce the scope of, or eliminate this program and could have a material adverse effect on us and the value of our common stock. In addition to our program in PDP, we commenced a Phase II study of pimavanserin for patients with ADP in November 2013, for which we expect to have top-line results by the end of 2016. Additionally, in October 2016, we announced we had initiated a Phase II study of pimavanserin in patients with Alzheimer s disease agitation, and in November 2016 we announced we had initiated a Phase III study of pimavanserin as an adjunctive treatment in patients with schizophrenia. We may plan and conduct additional studies in other indications in the future. We have a continuing clinical collaboration with Allergan with separate product candidates for the treatment of chronic pain that has reached Phase II development. 
 29 

In connection with clinical trials, we face risks that:  

a product candidate may not prove to be efficacious or safe;     

patients may die or suffer other adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related to the product candidate being tested;     

the results may not be consistent with positive results of earlier trials; and     

the results may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or other regulatory agencies.     

 If we do not successfully complete preclinical and clinical development, we will be unable to market and sell products derived from our product candidates and to generate product revenues. Even if we do successfully complete clinical trials, those results are not necessarily predictive of results of additional trials that may be needed before an NDA may be submitted to the FDA. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage result in the submission of an NDA to the FDA and even fewer are approved for commercialization. 
 Delays, suspensions and terminations in our clinical trials could result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate product revenues. 
 The commencement of clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in: 

demonstrating sufficient safety and efficacy to obtain regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial;     

reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations and clinical trial sites;     

manufacturing sufficient quantities of a product candidate;     

obtaining clearance from the FDA to commence clinical trials pursuant to an Investigational New Drug application;     

obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective clinical trial site; and     

patient recruitment, which is a function of many factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical trial sites, the availability of effective treatments for the relevant disease and the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial.     

 Once a clinical trial has begun, it may be delayed, suspended or terminated due to a number of factors, including: 

ongoing discussions with regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials or requests by them for supplemental information with respect to our clinical trial results;     

imposition of clinical holds by regulatory authorities or institutional review boards;     

failure to conduct clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements;     

patient enrollment, which is a function of many factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical trial sites, the availability of effective treatments for the relevant disease and the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial;     

lower than anticipated screening or retention rates of patients in clinical trials;     

serious adverse events or side effects experienced by participants; and     

insufficient supply or deficient quality of product candidates or other materials necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials.     

 Many of these factors may also ultimately lead to denial of regulatory approval of a current or potential product candidate. If we experience delays, suspensions or terminations in a clinical trial, the commercial prospects for the related product candidate will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. 
 We depend on collaborations with third parties to develop and commercialize selected product candidates other than pimavanserin, and we have limited control over how those third parties conduct development and commercialization activities for such product candidates.* 
   One aspect of our strategy is to selectively enter into collaboration agreements with third parties. We currently rely, and will continue to rely, on our collaborators for financial resources and for development, regulatory, and commercialization expertise for  
 30 

selected product candidates, other than pimavanserin, an  d we have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators may devote to our product candidates. We may choose to rely on collaborations in the future for certain portions of our pimavanserin program or for the commercializati  on of NUPLAZID in certain territories outside of the United States. The research term of our 2003 research collaboration with Allergan concluded in 2013 and we no longer recognize revenues from this collaboration. In addition, our 1999 muscarinic collabora  tion focused on glaucoma terminated in 2015 and we will not be receiving any further payments under that agreement. Any additional payments from our continuing collaboration agreement with Allergan in chronic pain are dependent upon further advancement of   an applicable product candidate. Unless these milestones are met, we will not receive future revenues from our continuing collaboration with Allergan.  
 Our collaborators may fail to develop or effectively commercialize products using our product candidates or technologies because they: 

do not have sufficient resources or decide not to devote the necessary resources due to internal constraints such as limited cash or human resources or a change in strategic focus;     

decide to pursue a competitive product developed outside of the collaboration; or     

cannot obtain the necessary regulatory approvals.     

 In July 2014, Allergan announced that it would be reducing its worldwide headcount by approximately 13% and that it would be restructuring its operations. In March 2015, Actavis plc acquired Allergan. Allergan also previously has announced that it was seeking a partner for further development and commercialization of drug candidates in our chronic pain program under our continuing collaboration. In connection with Actavis  acquisition of Allergan, and any related restructuring, Allergan elected to terminate our collaboration focused on muscarinic product candidates, including the glaucoma program covered by such collaboration, and, in connection with Actavis  acquisition of Allergan, it may choose to devote substantially less resources to the chronic pain program or could discontinue such program entirely. If Allergan is unable to successfully partner our chronic pain program, it may elect to not pursue further development. In addition, any partner that Allergan does identify may devote substantially less resources than Allergan has devoted to this program to date. In addition, Allergan can terminate our existing chronic pain collaboration upon prior notice to us, as it has done with the glaucoma collaboration. Allergan may be more likely to terminate, or decline to continue, our chronic pain collaboration in connection with Actavis  acquisition of Allergan. 
 If Allergan elects to devote substantially less resources to the chronic pain program, absent circumstances giving rise to our right to terminate, our remedies against Allergan are limited, and we may not be able to regain rights to such program. If Allergan elects to discontinue the chronic pain program and terminates our collaboration agreement, as was the case with the glaucoma program, the discontinued program may revert to us, in which case we would need to evaluate whether to continue advancing such program alone or with a new collaborator. Either advancing such program alone or seeking a new collaborator would divert our management s attention and involve expending additional resources that are currently devoted to our other programs, including our pimavanserin program. We have not yet made a determination with regard to any further development of the glaucoma program that returned to us under the collaboration focused on muscarinic product candidates. 
 We also face competition in our search for new collaborators, if we seek a new partner for our pimavanserin program or other programs, including any programs that may revert to us from Allergan. Given the current economic and industry environment, it is possible that competition for new collaborators may increase. If we are unable to find new collaborations, we may not be able to continue advancing our programs alone. 
 If conflicts arise with our collaborators, they may act in their self-interests, which may be adverse to our interests.* 
 Conflicts may arise in our collaborations due to one or more of the following: 

disputes or breaches with respect to payments that we believe are due under the applicable agreements, particularly in the current environment when companies, including large established ones, may be seeking to reduce external payments;     

disputes on strategy as to what development or commercialization activities should be pursued under the applicable agreements;     

disputes as to the responsibility for conducting development and commercialization activities pursuant to the applicable collaboration, including the payment of costs related thereto;     

disagreements with respect to ownership of intellectual property rights;     

unwillingness on the part of a collaborator to keep us informed regarding the progress of its development and commercialization activities, or to permit public disclosure of these activities;     

 31 

delay or reduction of a collaborator s development or commercialization efforts with respect to our product candidates; or     

termination or non-renewal of the collaboration.     

 Conflicts arising with our collaborators could impair the progress of our product candidates, harm our reputation, result in a loss of revenues, reduce our cash position, and cause a decline in our stock price. 
 In addition, in our collaborations, we generally have agreed not to conduct independently, or with any third party, any research that is directly competitive with the research conducted under the applicable program. Our collaborations may have the effect of limiting the areas of research that we may pursue, either alone or with others. Our collaborators, however, may develop, either alone or with others, products in related fields that are competitive with the products or potential products that are the subject of these collaborations. Competing products, either developed by our collaborators or to which our collaborators have rights, may result in the allocation of resources by our collaborators to competing products and their withdrawal of support for our product candidates or may otherwise result in lower demand for our potential products. 
 We have a continuing collaboration with Allergan for the development of product candidates related to chronic pain. Allergan may also pursue other research programs related to pain management that are independent from our collaboration in this therapeutic area. In March 2015, Actavis acquired Allergan. Actavis may have, or acquire rights to, additional programs related to chronic pain, which could impact the strategy with respect to the development of product candidates covered by our continuing collaboration. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and perform data collection and analysis, which may result in costs and delays that prevent us from successfully commercializing product candidates. 
 Although we design and manage our current preclinical studies and clinical trials, we currently do not have the ability to conduct clinical trials for our product candidates on our own. In addition to our collaborators, we rely on contract research organizations, medical institutions, clinical investigators, and contract laboratories to perform data collection and analysis and other aspects of our clinical trials. In addition, we also rely on third parties to assist with our preclinical studies, including studies regarding biological activity, safety, absorption, metabolism, and excretion of product candidates. 
 Our preclinical activities or clinical trials may be delayed, suspended, or terminated if: 

these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or fail to meet regulatory obligations or expected deadlines;     

these third parties need to be replaced; or     

the quality or accuracy of the data obtained by these third parties is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons.     

 Failure to perform by these third parties may increase our development costs, delay our ability to obtain regulatory approval, and delay or prevent the commercialization of our product candidates. We currently use several contract research organizations to perform services for our preclinical studies and clinical trials. While we believe that there are numerous alternative sources to provide these services, in the event that we seek such alternative sources, we may not be able to enter into replacement arrangements without delays or additional expenditures. 
 Even if we or our collaborators successfully complete the clinical trials of product candidates, the product candidates may fail for other reasons. 
 Of the large number of product candidates in development, only a small percentage result in the submission of an NDA to the FDA or comparable regulatory filing to regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions, and even fewer are approved for marketing. We cannot assure you that, even if clinical trials are completed, either we or our collaborators will submit applications for required authorizations to manufacture and/or market potential products or that any such application will be reviewed and approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities in a timely manner, if at all. Even if we or our collaborators successfully complete the clinical trials of product candidates and apply for such required authorizations, the product candidates, such as pimavanserin, may fail for other reasons, including the possibility that the product candidates will: 

fail to receive the regulatory clearances required to market them as drugs;     

be subject to proprietary rights held by others requiring the negotiation of a license agreement prior to marketing;     

be difficult or expensive to manufacture on a commercial scale;     

 32 

have adverse side effects that make their use less desirable; or     

fail to compete with product candidates or other treatments commercialized by competitors.     

 We currently depend, and will in the future continue to depend, on third parties to manufacture NUPLAZID and our product candidates. If these manufacturers fail to provide us or our collaborators with adequate supplies of clinical trial materials and commercial product or fail to comply with the requirements of regulatory authorities, we may be unable to develop or commercialize NUPLAZID or our product candidates.* 
 We have no manufacturing facilities and only limited experience as an organization in the manufacturing of drugs or in designing drug-manufacturing processes. We have contracted with third-party manufacturers to produce, in collaboration with us, NUPLAZID and our product candidates. 
 In August 2015, we contracted with Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc. to manufacture NUPLAZID drug product for commercial use in the United States following the commercial launch of NUPLAZID. Additionally, in August 2015 we contracted with BASF Pharma (Evionnaz) SA, which was subsequently acquired by Siegfried Pharma Evionnaz SA in October 2015, to manufacture active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, to be used in the manufacture of NUPLAZID drug product for commercial use. However, we have not entered into any agreements with any alternate suppliers for NUPLAZID drug product or NUPLAZID API. Even if we are able to enter into other long-term agreements with manufacturers for commercial supply on reasonable terms, we may face delays or increased costs in our supply chain that could jeopardize the commercialization of NUPLAZID. Additionally, if any of our product candidates in addition to NUPLAZID are approved by the FDA or other regulatory agencies for commercial sale, or if NUPLAZID is approved for commercial sale in jurisdictions outside the United States, we will need to contract with a third party to manufacture such products for commercial sale in the United States and/or in such other jurisdictions. 
 Even though we entered into an agreement with Patheon for the manufacture of NUPLAZID drug product and with Siegfried for the manufacture of NUPLAZID API for commercial use, and even if we successfully enter into long-term agreements with other manufacturers, the FDA may not approve the facilities of such manufacturers, the manufacturers may not perform as agreed, or the manufacturers may terminate their agreements with us. Presently, we only have one supplier of API and one supplier of drug product for our NUPLAZID (pimavanserin) program. If any of the foregoing circumstances occur, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, maintain or obtain, as applicable, regulatory approval for or market NUPLAZID or any of our product candidates. While we believe that there will be alternative sources available to manufacture NUPLAZID and our product candidates, in the event that we seek such alternative sources, we may not be able to enter into replacement arrangements without delays or additional expenditures. We cannot estimate these delays or costs with certainty but, if they were to occur, they could cause a delay in our development and commercialization efforts. 
 The manufacturers of NUPLAZID and our product candidates, including Patheon and Siegfried, are obliged to operate in accordance with FDA-mandated current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, and we have no control over the ability of third-party manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel to ensure compliance with cGMPs. In addition, the facilities used by our third-party manufacturers to manufacture NUPLAZID and our product candidates must be approved by the FDA pursuant to inspections that will be conducted prior to any grant of regulatory approval by the FDA. If any of our third-party manufacturers are unable to successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the FDA s strict regulatory requirements, or pass regulatory inspection, they will not be able to secure or maintain approval for the manufacturing facilities. Additionally, a failure by any of our third-party manufacturers to establish and follow cGMPs or to document their adherence to such practices may lead to significant delays in clinical trials or in obtaining regulatory approval of product candidates, or result in issues maintaining regulatory approval of NUPLAZID and any other product candidate that receives regulatory approval, negatively impact our commercialization of NUPLAZID, or lead to significant delays in the launch and commercialization of any other products we may have in the future. Failure by our third-party manufacturers or us to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure of the government to grant pre-market approval of drugs, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecutions. 
   The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product, quality assurance testing, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly-enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. We cannot assure you that any issues relating to the manufacture of NUPLAZID or our product candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with their contractual obligations, our ability to commercialize NUPLAZID in the United States, or provide any product  
 33 

candidates to patients in clinical trials, would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in our ability to meet commercial   demand for   NUPLAZID and any other approved   products will result in the loss of potential revenues and could adversely affect our ability to gain market acceptance for these products. In addition, any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial su  pplies could delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical tri  als completely  .  
 Failures or difficulties faced at any level of our supply chain could materially adversely affect our business and delay or impede the development and commercialization of NUPLAZID or our product candidates and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 If we are unable to attract, retain, and motivate key management, research and development, and sales and marketing personnel, our drug development programs, our research and discovery efforts, and our commercialization plans may be delayed and we may be unable to successfully develop or commercialize our product candidates, including NUPLAZID.* 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified management, scientific, and commercial personnel. In particular, our development programs depend on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled development personnel, especially in the fields of central nervous system disorders, including neuropsychiatric and related disorders. We are currently hiring, and in the future we expect to need to continue to hire, additional personnel as we expand our research and development efforts for pimavanserin and commercial activities for NUPLAZID. We face competition for experienced scientists, clinical operations personnel, commercial and other personnel from numerous companies and academic and other research institutions. Competition for qualified personnel is particularly intense in the San Diego, California area. Many of the other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies with whom we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and longer histories in the industry than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high quality candidates than that which we have to offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can develop and commercialize products and product candidates will be limited. If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary personnel, it will significantly impede the achievement of our research and development objectives, our commercialization efforts for NUPLAZID, and our ability to meet the demands of our collaborators in a timely fashion. 
 All of our employees are  at will  employees, which means that any employee may quit at any time and we may terminate any employee at any time. We do not carry  key person  insurance covering members of senior management. 
 We have recently increased the size of our organization, and will need to continue to increase the size of our organization. We may encounter difficulties with managing our growth, which could adversely affect our results of operations.* 
 As of September 30, 2016, we employed approximately 340 employees. Although we have already added several capabilities, we will need to add additional qualified personnel and resources, especially now that we have a commercial sales force and are commencing several new clinical studies of pimavanserin. Our current infrastructure may be inadequate to support our development and commercialization efforts and expected growth. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain and integrate additional employees, and may take time away from running other aspects of our business, including development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize NUPLAZID and any other product candidates that receive regulatory approval and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. In particular, as we commercialize NUPLAZID, we will need to support the training and ongoing activities of our sales force and expect to need to expand the size of our employee base for managerial, operational, financial and other resources. To that end, we must be able to: 

manage our development efforts effectively;     

integrate additional management, administrative and manufacturing personnel;     

develop our marketing and sales organization; and     

maintain sufficient administrative, accounting and management information systems and controls.     

 We may not be able to accomplish these tasks or successfully manage our operations and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, and commercialization goals. Our failure to accomplish any of these goals could harm our financial results and prospects. 
 34 

As we grow as an organization and expand from a development to a commercial-stage   company, we may make certain changes to our organization in order to properly manage our growth, which may include changes to the composition of our board of directors and management. Any such changes may be disruptive to us as an organization, which could   harm our business.  *  
 As we continue to grow as an organization, including by expanding our development efforts and building out our capabilities for the ongoing commercialization of NUPLAZID, we have implemented, and will continue to evaluate and may implement additional, changes to our organization that may be appropriate in order to properly manage and direct our growth and transformation into a commercial-stage company. These changes may include changes to the size and composition of our management and/or board of directors, as appropriate, to include individuals with substantial experience in managing or serving on the boards of directors of commercial-stage pharmaceutical companies. For example, in June 2016, two long-standing board members did not stand for re-election at our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and another long-standing board member resigned in connection with the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Additionally, two long-standing board members resigned in November and December 2015, and our board recently elected three new board members, Dr. Edmund Harrigan, Julian Baker and Jim Daly. In September 2015, we named Steve Davis, who had been serving as our Interim CEO since March 2015, to be our President and Chief Executive Officer and to be a member of our Board of Directors. We also named Dr. Serge Stankovic as our new Executive Vice President, Head of Research and Development, to replace our previous Executive Vice President, Development and Chief Medical Officer who resigned in November 2015. We also hired a new Chief Medical Officer in January 2016 and a new Chief Financial Officer in August 2016, and may decide to hire other executive level employees as we grow. Any such significant changes to the organization may distract management or otherwise be disruptive to us as a company, which could harm our business. 
 If we fail to develop, acquire or in-license other product candidates or products, our business and prospects would be limited. Even if we obtain rights to other product candidates or products, we will incur a variety of costs and may never realize the anticipated benefits.* 
 A key element of our strategy is to develop, acquire or in-license businesses, technologies, product candidates or products that we believe are a strategic fit with our business. The success of this strategy depends in large part on the combination of our regulatory, development and commercial capabilities and expertise and our ability to identify, select and acquire or in-license clinically-enabled product candidates for the treatment of neurological disorders, or for therapeutic indications that complement or augment our current product candidates, or that otherwise fit into our development or strategic plans on terms that are acceptable to us. Identifying, selecting and acquiring or in-licensing promising product candidates requires substantial technical, financial and human resources expertise, and we have limited experience in identifying acquisition targets, successfully completing proposed acquisitions and integrating any acquired businesses, technologies, services or products into our current infrastructure. Efforts to do so may not result in the actual acquisition or in-license of a particular product candidate, potentially resulting in a diversion of our management s time and the expenditure of our resources with no resulting benefit. If we are unable to identify, select and acquire or license suitable product candidates from third parties on terms acceptable to us, our business and prospects will be limited. In particular, if we are unable to add additional commercial products to our portfolio, we may not be able to successfully leverage our commercial organization that we have assembled for the marketing and sale of NUPLAZID. 
 The process of integrating any acquired business, technology, service, or product may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may divert significant management attention from our ongoing business operations. As a result, we will incur a variety of costs in connection with an acquisition and may never realize its anticipated benefits. Moreover, any product candidate we identify, select and acquire or license may require additional, time-consuming development or regulatory efforts prior to commercial sale, including preclinical studies, if applicable, and extensive clinical testing and approval by the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities. All product candidates are prone to the risk of failure that is inherent in pharmaceutical product development, including the possibility that the product candidate will not be shown to be sufficiently safe and/or effective for approval by regulatory authorities. In addition, we cannot assure you that any such products that are approved will be manufactured or produced economically, successfully commercialized or widely accepted in the marketplace or be more effective or desired than other commercially available alternatives. 
 In addition, if we fail to successfully commercialize and further develop NUPLAZID or our product candidates, there is a greater likelihood that we will fail to successfully develop a pipeline of other product candidates, and our business and prospects would therefore be harmed. 
 We do not know whether our drug discovery platform will lead to the discovery or development of commercially viable product candidates.* 
   Our drug discovery platform uses unproven methods to identify and develop product candidates, including NUPLAZID. With the exception of NUPLAZID for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, we have never successfully  
 35 

completed clinical development of any of our product candidates, and  ,   except for NUPLAZID  ,   there are no drugs on the market that have been discovered using our drug discovery platform  .  
 Our research and development focuses on small molecule drugs for the treatment of central nervous system disorders. Due to our limited resources, we may have to forego potential opportunities with respect to discovering product candidates to treat diseases or conditions in other therapeutic areas. If we are not able to use our technologies to discover and develop product candidates that can be commercialized, we may not achieve profitability. In the future, as noted above, we will likely find it necessary to license the technology of others or acquire additional product candidates to augment the results of our internal discovery activities. If we are unable to identify new product candidates using our drug discovery platform, we may be unable to establish or maintain a clinical development pipeline or generate product revenues. 
 We may not be able to continue or fully exploit our collaborations with outside scientific and clinical advisors, which could impair the progress of our clinical trials and our research and development efforts. 
 We work with scientific and clinical advisors at academic and other institutions who are experts in the field of central nervous system disorders. They assist us in our research and development efforts and advise us with respect to our clinical trials. These advisors are not our employees and may have other commitments that would limit their future availability to us. Although our scientific and clinical advisors generally agree not to engage in competing work, if a conflict of interest arises between their work for us and their work for another entity, we may lose their services, which may impair our reputation in the industry and delay the development or commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We expect that our results of operations will fluctuate, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance from period to period.* 
 Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to do so in future periods. Some of the factors that could cause our operating results to fluctuate from period to period include: 

the success of our launch and commercialization of NUPLAZID in the United States for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP;     

the status and cost of our post-marketing commitments for NUPLAZID;     

our gross-to-net adjustments will vary quarter to quarter, primarily because our share of the donut hole for Medicare Part D patients will fluctuate;     

the status and cost of development and commercialization of pimavanserin for indications other than in PDP and in jurisdictions other than the United States;     

the status and cost of development and commercialization of our product candidates, including compounds being developed under our collaborations;     

whether we acquire or in-license additional product candidates or products, and the status of development and commercialization of such product candidates or products;     

whether we generate revenues or reimbursements by achieving specified research, development or commercialization milestones under any agreements or otherwise receive potential payments under these agreements;     

whether we are required to make payments due to achieving specified milestones under any licensing or similar agreements or otherwise make payments under these agreements;     

the incurrence of preclinical or clinical expenses that could fluctuate significantly from period to period, including reimbursement obligations pursuant to our collaboration agreements;     

the initiation, termination, or reduction in the scope of our collaborations or any disputes regarding these collaborations;     

the timing of our satisfaction of applicable regulatory requirements;     

the rate of expansion of our clinical development, other internal research and development efforts, and pre-commercial and commercial efforts;     

the effect of competing technologies and products and market developments;     

the costs associated with litigation, including the costs incurred in defending against any product liability claims that may be brought against us following commercial launch of NUPLAZID, and against claims made in the two putative class action complaints, which have now been consolidated into one action, filed following our March 2015 announcement of      

 36 

the update to the timing of our planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID and the subsequent decline of the price of our common stock  ; and     

general and industry-specific economic conditions.     

 We believe that comparisons from period to period of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as indications of our future performance. 
 Future changes to U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws could materially adversely affect us. 
 During the first half of 2015, we licensed worldwide intellectual property rights related to pimavanserin in certain indications to ACADIA Pharmaceuticals GmbH, our wholly-owned Swiss subsidiary. Our goals for the establishment of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals GmbH, and the licensing of worldwide intellectual property rights for pimavanserin, include building a platform for long-term operational and financial efficiencies, including tax-related efficiencies. Future changes in U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws, including implementation of international tax reform relating to the tax treatment of multinational corporations, if enacted, may reduce or eliminate any potential financial efficiencies that we hope to achieve by establishing this operational structure. Additionally, taxing authorities, such as the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, may audit and otherwise challenge these types of arrangements, and have done so with other companies in the pharmaceutical industry. If any such changes in tax law are enacted, or our licensing of worldwide intellectual property rights for pimavanserin to our Swiss subsidiary is otherwise challenged, this could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Our management has broad discretion over the use of our cash and we may not use our cash effectively, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our management has significant flexibility in applying our cash resources and could use these resources for corporate purposes that do not increase our market value, or in ways with which our stockholders may not agree. We may use our cash resources for corporate purposes that do not yield a significant return or any return at all for our stockholders, which may cause our stock price to decline. 
 We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs as a result of laws and regulations relating to corporate governance and other matters. 
 Laws and regulations affecting public companies, including provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that was enacted in July 2010, the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX, and rules adopted or proposed by the SEC and by The NASDAQ Stock Market, have resulted in, and will continue to result in, significant costs to us as we evaluate the implications of these rules and respond to their requirements. We issued an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of SOX with our Annual Report. In the future, if we are not able to issue an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting as required or we or our independent registered public accounting firm determine that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, this shortcoming could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results and the price of our common stock could be negatively affected. New rules could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the coverage that is the same or similar to our current coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors and board committees, and as our executive officers. We cannot predict or estimate the total amount of the costs we may incur or the timing of such costs to comply with these rules and regulations. 
 Earthquake or fire damage to our facilities could delay our research and development efforts and adversely affect our business. 
 Our headquarters and research and development facilities in San Diego are located in a seismic zone, and there is the possibility of an earthquake, which could be disruptive to our operations and result in delays in our research and development efforts. In addition, while our facilities have not been adversely impacted by local wildfires, there is the possibility of future fires in the area. In the event of an earthquake or fire, if our facilities or the equipment in our facilities is significantly damaged or destroyed for any reason, we may not be able to rebuild or relocate our facilities or replace any damaged equipment in a timely manner and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We do not have insurance for damages resulting from earthquakes. While we do have fire insurance for our property and equipment located in San Diego, any damage sustained in a fire could cause a delay in our research and development efforts and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 37 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property  
 Our ability to compete may decline if we do not adequately protect our proprietary rights.* 
 Our commercial success depends on obtaining and maintaining intellectual property rights to our products and product candidates, including NUPLAZID, and technologies, as well as successfully defending these rights against third-party challenges. Any misappropriation of our intellectual property could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in our market. To protect our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of patents, trade secret protection and contracts requiring confidentiality and nondisclosure. 
 With regard to patents, although we have filed numerous patent applications worldwide with respect to pimavanserin, not all of our patent applications resulted in an issued patent, or they resulted in an issued patent that is susceptible to challenge by a third party. Our ability to obtain, maintain, and/or defend our patents covering our product candidates and technologies is uncertain due to a number of factors, including: 

we may not have been the first to make the inventions covered by our pending patent applications or issued patents;     

we may not have been the first to file patent applications for our product candidates or the technologies we rely upon;     

others may develop similar or alternative technologies or design around our patent claims to produce competitive products that fall outside of the scope of our patents;     

our disclosures in patent applications may not be sufficient to meet the statutory requirements for patentability;     

we may not seek or obtain patent protection in all countries that will eventually provide a significant business opportunity;     

any patents issued to us or our collaborators may not provide a basis for commercially viable products, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or are easily susceptible to challenges by third parties;     

our proprietary technologies may not be patentable;     

changes to patent laws that limit the exclusivity rights of patent holders or make it easier to render a patent invalid;     

recent decisions by the United States Supreme Court limiting patent-eligible subject matter;     

the passage of The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, introduced new procedures for challenging pending patent applications and issued patents; and     

technology that we may in-license may become important to some aspects of our business, however, we generally would not control the patent prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any such in-licensed technology.     

 Even if we have or obtain patents covering our product candidates or technologies, we may still be barred from making, using and selling our product candidates or technologies because of the patent rights of others. Others have or may have filed, and in the future are likely to file, patent applications covering compounds, assays, genes, gene products or therapeutic products that are similar or identical to ours. There are many issued U.S. and foreign patents relating to genes, nucleic acids, polypeptides, chemical compounds or therapeutic products, and some of these may encompass reagents utilized in the identification of candidate drug compounds or compounds that we desire to commercialize. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by others exist in the area of central nervous system disorders and the other fields in which we are developing products. These could materially affect our freedom to operate. Moreover, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications, unknown to us, that may later result in issued patents that our product candidates or technologies may infringe. These patent applications may have priority over patent applications filed by us. 
 We regularly conduct searches to identify patents or patent applications that may prevent us from obtaining patent protection for our proprietary compounds or that could limit the rights we have claimed in our patents and patent applications. Disputes may arise regarding the ownership or inventorship of our inventions. For applications in which all claims are entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third-party or instituted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or United States PTO, to determine who was the first to invent the invention at issue. It is difficult to determine how such disputes would be resolved. Applications containing a claim not entitled to priority before March 16, 2013, are not subject to interference proceedings due the change brought by the America Invents Act to a  first to file  system. However, a derivation proceeding can be brought by a third-party alleging that the inventor derived the invention from another. 
   Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the United States PTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The United States PTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application  
 38 

process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in   which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or   patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, our competitors might be able to e  nter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business.  
 Some of our academic institutional licensors, research collaborators and scientific advisors have rights to publish data and information to which we have rights. We generally seek to prevent our collaborators from disclosing scientific discoveries until we have the opportunity to file patent applications on such discoveries, but in some cases, we are limited to relatively short periods to review a proposed publication and file a patent application. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our technology and other confidential information in connection with our collaborations, then our ability to receive patent protection or protect our proprietary information may be impaired. 
 Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information and may not adequately protect our intellectual property, which could limit our ability to compete. 
 Because we operate in the highly technical field of drug discovery and development of small molecule drugs, we rely in part on trade secret protection in order to protect our proprietary technology and processes. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We enter into confidentiality, nondisclosure, and intellectual property assignment agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, and other advisors. These agreements generally require that the other party keep confidential and not disclose to third parties all confidential information developed by the party or made known to the party by us during the course of the party s relationship with us. These agreements also generally provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, these agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to us. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is difficult, expensive and time consuming and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets. We also have not entered into any noncompete agreements with any of our employees. Although each of our employees is required to sign a confidentiality agreement with us at the time of hire, we cannot guarantee that the confidential nature of our proprietary information will be maintained in the course of future employment with any of our competitors. If we are unable to prevent unauthorized material disclosure of our intellectual property to third parties, we will not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 A dispute concerning the infringement or misappropriation of our proprietary rights or the proprietary rights of others could be time-consuming and costly, and an unfavorable outcome could harm our business.* 
 There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including post-issuance review proceedings before the United States PTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. 
 Central provisions of the America Invents Act went into effect on September 16, 2012 and on March 16, 2013. The America Invents Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These changes include provisions that affect the way patent applications are being filed, prosecuted and litigated. For example, the America Invents Act enacted proceedings involving post-issuance patent review procedures, such as inter partes review, or IPR, and post-grant review, that allow third parties to challenge the validity of an issued patent in front of the United States PTO Patent Trial and Appeal Board. Each proceeding has different eligibility criteria and different patentability challenges that can be raised. IPRs permit any person (except a party who has been litigating the patent for more than a year) to challenge the validity of the patent on the grounds that it was anticipated or made obvious by prior art. Patents covering pharmaceutical products have been subject to attack in IPRs from generic drug companies and from hedge funds. If it is within nine months of the issuance of the challenged patent, a third party can petition the United States PTO for post-grant review, which can be based on any invalidity grounds and is not limited to prior art patents or printed publications. 
   In post-issuance proceedings, United States PTO rules and regulations generally tend to favor patent challengers over patent owners. For example, unlike in district court litigation, claims challenged in post-issuance proceedings are given their broadest reasonable meaning, which increases the chance a claim might be invalidated by prior art or lack support in the patent specification. The United States Supreme Court is currently reviewing whether it is proper for the United States PTO to give claims their broadest reasonable meaning in post-issuance proceedings. As another example, unlike in district court litigation, there is no presumption of validity for an issued patent, and thus, a challenger s burden to prove invalidity is by a preponderance of the evidence, as opposed to the heightened clear and convincing evidence standard. As a result of these rules and others, statistics released by the United States PTO show a high percentage of claims being invalidated in post-issuance proceedings. Moreover, with few exceptions, there is no  
 39 

standing requirement to petition the United States PTO   for inter partes review or post-grant review. In other words, companies that have not been charged with infringement or that lack commercial interest in the patented subject matter can still petition the United States PTO for review of an issued patent. T  hus, even where we have issued patents, our rights under those patents may be challenged and ultimately not provide us with sufficient protection against competitive products or processes.  
 While we are not currently subject to any pending intellectual property litigation or patent challenges, and are not aware of any such threatened litigation or patent challenges, we may be exposed to future litigation by third parties based on claims that our product candidates, technologies or activities infringe the intellectual property rights of others. In particular, there are many patents relating to specific genes, nucleic acids, polypeptides or the uses thereof to identify product candidates. Some of these may encompass genes or polypeptides that we utilize in our drug development activities. If our drug development activities are found to infringe any such patents, and such patents are held to be valid and enforceable, we may have to pay significant damages or seek licenses to such patents. A patentee could prevent us from using the patented genes or polypeptides for the identification or development of drug compounds. There are also many patents relating to chemical compounds and the uses thereof. If our compounds are found to infringe any such patents, and such patents are held to be valid and enforceable, we may have to pay significant damages or seek licenses to such patents. A patentee could prevent us from making, using or selling the patented compounds. 
 We may need to resort to litigation to enforce a patent issued to us, protect our trade secrets or determine the scope and validity of third-party proprietary rights. From time to time, we may hire scientific personnel formerly employed by other companies involved in one or more areas similar to the activities conducted by us. Either we or these individuals may be subject to allegations of trade secret misappropriation or other similar claims as a result of their prior affiliations. If we become involved in litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of our managerial and financial resources, regardless of whether we win or lose. We may not be able to afford the costs of litigation. Any legal action against us or our collaborators could lead to: 

payment of damages, which could potentially be trebled if we are found to have willfully infringed a party s patent rights;     

injunctive or other equitable relief that may effectively block our ability to further develop, commercialize, and sell products; or     

we or our collaborators having to enter into license arrangements that may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, or at all.     

 As a result, we could be prevented from commercializing current or future products. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of pre-trial document and witness discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 The patent applications of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies involve highly complex legal and factual questions, which, if determined adversely to us, could negatively impact our patent position. 
 The strength of patents in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology field can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. For example, some of our patent applications may cover the uses of gene sequences. The patentability of gene sequences and the use of gene sequences has been seriously undermined by recent decisions of the United States Supreme Court. The United States PTO s interpretation of the Supreme Court s decisions and the standards for patentability it sets forth are uncertain and could change in the future. Consequently, the issuance and scope of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. U.S. patents and patent applications may also be subject to interference proceedings as mentioned above, and U.S. patents may be subject to reexamination and post-issuance proceedings in the United States PTO (and foreign patents may be subject to opposition or comparable proceedings in the corresponding foreign patent office), which proceedings could result in either loss of the patent or denial of the patent application or loss or reduction in the scope of one or more of the claims of the patent or patent application. Similarly, opposition or invalidity proceedings could result in loss of rights or reduction in the scope of one or more claims of a patent in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, such interference, reexamination, post-issuance and opposition proceedings may be costly. Accordingly, rights under any issued patents may not provide us with sufficient protection against competitive products or processes. 
   In addition, changes in or different interpretations of patent laws in the United States and foreign countries may permit others to use our discoveries or to develop and commercialize our technology and products without providing any compensation to us or may limit the number of patents or claims we can obtain. In particular, there have been proposals to shorten the exclusivity periods available under U.S. patent law that, if adopted, could substantially harm our business. The product candidates that we are developing  
 40 

are protected by intellectual property rights, including patents and patent applications. If any of our product candidates becomes a marketable product, we will rely on our exclusivity under   patents to sell the compound and recoup our investments in the research and development of the compound. If the exclusivity period for patents is shortened, then our ability to generate revenues without competition will be reduced and our business could b  e materially adversely impacted. The laws of some countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws and those countries may lack adequate rules and procedures for defending our intellectual property rights. For example,   some countries, including many in Europe, do not grant patent claims directed to methods of treating humans and, in these countries, patent protection may not be available at all to protect our product candidates. In addition, U.S. patent laws may change w  hich could prevent or limit us from filing patent applications or patent claims to protect our products and/or technologies or limit the exclusivity periods that are available to patent holders. For example, the America Invents Act (2012) included a number   of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These included changes to transition from a  first-to-invent  system to a  first-to-file  system and to the way issued patents are challenged. These changes may favor larger and more established companies that ha  ve more resources to devote to patent application filing and prosecution. It is still not clear what, if any, impact the America Invents Act will ultimately have on the cost of prosecuting our patent applications, our ability to obtain patents based on our   discoveries and our ability to enforce or defend our issued patents.  
 If we fail to obtain and maintain patent protection and trade secret protection of our product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses, we could lose our competitive advantage and competition we face would increase, reducing our potential revenues and adversely affecting our ability to attain or maintain profitability. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 We are subject to stringent regulation in connection with the marketing of NUPLAZID and any other products derived from our product candidates, which could delay the development and commercialization of our products.* 
 The pharmaceutical industry is subject to stringent regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Neither we nor our collaborators can market a pharmaceutical product, including NUPLAZID, in the United States until it has completed rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and an extensive regulatory clearance process implemented by the FDA. Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years, depends upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product, and requires substantial resources. Even if regulatory approval is obtained, the FDA and other regulatory agencies may impose significant restrictions on the indicated uses, conditions for use, labeling, advertising, promotion, and/or marketing of such products, and requirements for post-approval studies, including additional research and development and clinical trials. These limitations may limit the size of the market for the product or result in the incurrence of additional costs. Any delay or failure in obtaining required approvals could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenues from the particular product candidate. 
 Outside the United States, the ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving approval from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, marketing authorization, pricing, and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. Only after the appropriate regulatory authority is satisfied that adequate evidence of safety, quality, and efficacy has been presented will it grant a marketing authorization. Approval by the FDA does not automatically lead to the approval by regulatory authorities outside the United States and, similarly, approval by regulatory authorities outside the United States will not automatically lead to FDA approval. 
 In addition, U.S. and foreign government regulations control access to and use of some human or other tissue samples in our research and development efforts. U.S. and foreign government agencies may also impose restrictions on the use of data derived from human or other tissue samples. Accordingly, if we fail to comply with these regulations and restrictions, the commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed or suspended, which may delay or impede our ability to generate product revenues. 
 If our competitors develop and market products that are more effective than NUPLAZID or our product candidates, they may reduce or eliminate our commercial opportunity.* 
 Competition in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries is intense and expected to increase. We face competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as numerous academic and research institutions and governmental agencies, both in the United States and abroad. Some of these competitors have products or are pursuing the development of drugs that target the same diseases and conditions that are the focus of our drug development programs. 
   For example, the use of NUPLAZID for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP will compete with off-label use of antipsychotic drugs, including generic drugs quetiapine and clozapine. If approved, pimavanserin for the treatment of ADP would compete with off-label use of antipsychotic drugs, including risperidone and quetiapine, and drugs indicated for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease and dementia in patients with Alzheimer s disease, including Aricept, marketed by Eisai Inc. and  
 41 

Pfizer Inc., and Namenda, marketed by Forest Laboratories, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Actavis. Pima  vanserin for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease agitation  ,     if approved for that indication,     would compete with off-label use of antipsychotic drugs, including risperidone and quetiapine. Pimavanserin for the treatment of schizophrenia  ,     if approved for th  at indication,   would compete with Rexulti, marketed by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Latuda, marketed by Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc., and generic drugs olanzapine, risperidone, aripiprazole and clozapine. In the area of chronic pain, potential product  s would compete with Lyrica, marketed by Pfizer, and Cymbalta, marketed by Eli Lilly, as well as a variety of generic or proprietary opioids. Our potential products for the treatment of glaucoma  , if approved,   would compete with Xalatan, marketed by Pfizer,   and Lumigan and Alphagan, marketed by Allergan  .  
 Many of our competitors and their collaborators have significantly greater experience than we do in the following: 

identifying and validating targets;     

screening compounds against targets;     

preclinical studies and clinical trials of potential pharmaceutical products;      

obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals; and     

commercializing pharmaceutical products.     

 In addition, many of our competitors and their collaborators have substantially greater capital and research and development resources, manufacturing, sales and marketing capabilities, and production facilities. Smaller companies also may prove to be significant competitors, particularly through proprietary research discoveries and collaboration arrangements with large pharmaceutical and established biotechnology companies. Many of our competitors have products that have been approved or are in advanced development and may develop superior technologies or methods to identify and validate drug targets and to discover novel small molecule drugs. Our competitors, either alone or with their collaborators, may succeed in developing drugs that are more effective, safer, more affordable, or more easily administered than ours and may achieve patent protection or commercialize drugs sooner than us. Our competitors may also develop alternative therapies that could further limit the market for any drugs that we may develop. Our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of NUPLAZID or any other product for which we obtain regulatory approval, or development or commercialization of our product candidates.* 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the commercial sales of NUPLAZID in the United States and the clinical testing of our product candidates, and will face an even greater risk following commercial launch of NUPLAZID in additional jurisdictions, if approved, or if we engage in the clinical testing of new product candidates or commercialize any additional products. For example, we may be sued if NUPLAZID or any other product we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable for administration in humans. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for our products or product candidates that we may develop;     

injury to our reputation;     

withdrawal of clinical trial participants;     

initiation of investigations by regulators;     

costs to defend the related litigation;     

a diversion of management s time and our resources;     

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients;     

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions;     

loss of revenue;     

exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources;     

 42 

the inability to commercialize our products or product candid  ates; and     

a decline in our stock price.     

 Although we currently have product liability insurance that covers our clinical trials and the commercialization of NUPLAZID, we may need to increase and expand this coverage, including if we commence larger scale trials and if other product candidates are approved for commercial sale. This insurance may be prohibitively expensive or may not fully cover our potential liabilities. Inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products that we or our collaborators develop. If we determine that it is prudent to increase our product liability coverage, we may be unable to obtain such increased coverage on acceptable terms or at all. Our insurance policies also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. Our liability could exceed our total assets if we do not prevail in a lawsuit from any injury caused by our drug products. Product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Any claims relating to improper handling, storage, or disposal of biological, hazardous, and radioactive materials used in our business could be costly and delay our research and development efforts. 
 Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially harmful hazardous materials, including volatile solvents, biological materials such as blood from patients that has the potential to transmit disease, chemicals that cause cancer, and various radioactive compounds. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We face the risk of contamination or injury from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling, and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations could be significant, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development, or production efforts. If one of our employees were accidentally injured from the use, storage, handling, or disposal of these materials, the medical costs related to his or her treatment would be covered by our workers  compensation insurance policy. However, we do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage and our general liability insurance policy specifically excludes coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be subject to criminal sanctions or fines or be held liable for damages, our operating licenses could be revoked, or we could be required to suspend or modify our operations and our research and development efforts. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price historically has been, and is likely to remain, highly volatile.* 
 The market prices for securities of biotechnology companies in general, and drug discovery and development companies in particular, have been highly volatile and may continue to be highly volatile in the future. The following factors, in addition to other risk factors described in this section, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock: 

the success of our launch and commercialization of NUPLAZID in the United States for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP;     

the status and cost of our post-marketing commitments for NUPLAZID;     

the status and cost of development and commercialization of pimavanserin for indications other than in PDP and in jurisdictions other than the United States;     

the status and cost of development and commercialization of our product candidates, including compounds being developed under our collaborations;     

whether we acquire or in-license additional product candidates or products, and the status of development and commercialization of such product candidates or products;     

any other communications or guidance from the FDA or other regulatory authorities that pertain to NUPLAZID or our product candidates;     

the initiation, termination, or reduction in the scope of our collaborations or any disputes or developments regarding our collaborations;     

market conditions or trends related to biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, or the market in general;     

announcements of technological innovations, new products, or other material events by our competitors or us, including any new products that we may acquire or in-license;     

disputes or other developments concerning our proprietary and intellectual property rights;     

 43 

changes in, or failure to meet, securities analysts  or investors  expectations of our   financial performance;     

our failure to meet applicable NASDAQ listing standards and the possible delisting of our common stock from the NASDAQ Stock Market;     

additions or departures of key personnel;     

discussions of our business, products, financial performance, prospects, or stock price by the financial and scientific press and online investor communities such as blogs and chat rooms;     

public concern as to, and legislative action with respect to, genetic testing or other research areas of biopharmaceutical companies, the pricing and availability of prescription drugs, or the safety of drugs and drug delivery techniques;     

regulatory developments in the United States and in foreign countries;     

the announcement of, or developments in, any litigation matters; and     

economic and political factors, including but not limited to economic and financial crises, wars, terrorism, and political unrest.     

 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. For example, in March 2015, following our announcement of the update to the timing of our planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP and the subsequent decline of the price of our common stock, two putative securities class action complaints were filed against us and certain of our current and former officers, which complaints were subsequently consolidated into one complaint. The complaint generally alleges that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by making materially false and misleading statements regarding the timing of our planned NDA submission to the FDA for NUPLAZID, thereby artificially inflating the price of our common stock. If we are not successful in defense of these claims, we may have to make significant payments to, or other settlements with, our stockholders and their attorneys. Even if such claims are not successful, the litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 If we or our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock, the market price of our common stock may decline.* 
 A significant number of shares of our common stock are held by a small number of stockholders. Sales of a significant number of shares of our common stock, or the expectation that such sales may occur, could significantly reduce the market price of our common stock. In connection with our March 2014 public offering of common stock, we agreed to provide resale registration rights for the shares of our common stock held by entities affiliated with one of our principal stockholders and two of our directors, Julian C. Baker and Dr. Stephen R. Biggar, which we refer to as the Baker Entities. In connection with our January 2016 public offering of common stock, we entered into a formal registration rights agreement with the Baker Entities to provide for these rights. Under the registration rights agreement we have agreed that, if at any time and from time to time, the Baker Entities demand that we register their shares of our common stock for resale under the Securities Act, we would be obligated to effect such registration. On April 1, 2016, we filed a registration statement covering the sale of up to 26,179,806 shares of our common stock, which includes 1,965,968 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants that were owned by the Baker Entities as of March 31, 2016, and which represent approximately 23% of our outstanding shares. Our registration obligations under this registration rights agreement cover all shares now held or later acquired by the Baker Entities (including approximately $43.0 million shares that the Baker Entities purchased at the public offering price in our August 2016 public offering), will be in effect for up to 10 years, and include our obligation to facilitate certain underwritten public offerings of our common stock by the Baker Entities in the future. If the Baker Entities sell a large number of our shares, or the market perceives that the Baker Entities intend to sell a large number of our shares, this could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We also have an effective registration statement to sell shares of our common stock on our own behalf, and may elect to sell shares pursuant to such registration statement, or an indeterminate number of shares pursuant to a new registration statement or in a private placement, from time to time. Our stock price may decline as a result of the sale of the shares of our common stock included in any of these registration statements or future financings. 
 If our officers, directors, and largest stockholders choose to act together, they may be able to significantly influence our management and operations, acting in their best interests and not necessarily those of our other stockholders. 
   Our directors, executive officers and holders of five percent or more of our outstanding common stock and their affiliates beneficially own a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, have the ability to significantly influence all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of all of our board members, amendments to our certificate of incorporation, going-private transactions, and the approval of mergers or other business combination  
 44 

transactions. The interests of this gr  oup of stockholders may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders and they may act in a manner that advances their best interests and not necessarily those of our other stockholders.  
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law may make an acquisition of us more complicated and may make the removal and replacement of our directors and management more difficult. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may delay or prevent a change in control, discourage bids at a premium over the market price of our common stock and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. These provisions may also make it difficult for stockholders to remove and replace our board of directors and management. These provisions: 

establish that members of the board of directors may be removed only for cause upon the affirmative vote of stockholders owning at least a majority of our capital stock;     

authorize the issuance of  blank check  preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and prevent or delay a takeover attempt;     

limit who may call a special meeting of stockholders;     

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings;     

prohibit our stockholders from making certain changes to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws except with 66 2/3 percent stockholder approval; and     

provide for a board of directors with staggered terms.     

 We are also subject to provisions of the Delaware corporation law that, in general, prohibit any business combination with a beneficial owner of 15 percent or more of our common stock for three years unless the holder s acquisition of our stock was approved in advance by our board of directors. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. 
 Adverse securities and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to raise capital. 
 Historically, turmoil and volatility in the financial markets have adversely affected the market capitalizations of many biotechnology companies, and generally made equity and debt financing more difficult to obtain. These events, coupled with other factors, may limit our access to financing in the future. This could have a material adverse effect on our ability to access funding on acceptable terms, or at all, and our stock price may suffer further as a result. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future; as such, you must rely on stock appreciation for any return on your investment. 
 To date, we have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Instead, we intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. For this reason, the success of an investment in our common stock, if any, will depend on the appreciation of our common stock, which may not occur. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate, and therefore, a holder of our common stock may not realize a return on his or her investment. 

45 

ITEM 6  .   
 
              EXHIBITS     

Exhibit 
 Number     

Description   

3.1  

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, As Amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 6, 2015).  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 12, 2013).  

4.1  

Form of common stock certificate of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement No. 333-52492).  

4.2  

Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to purchasers in a private placement on January 12, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Registration Statement No 333-171722).  

4.3  

Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to purchasers in a private placement on December 17, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Registration Statement No. 333-185639).  

10.1 a   

Second Amendment to Product Agreement, dated October 6, 2016, between Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc. and the Registrant.  

10.2 b   

Employment Offer Letter, dated July 25, 2016, between the Registrant and Todd S. Young.  

31.1  

Certification of Stephen R. Davis, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2  

Certification of Todd S. Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1  

Certification of Stephen R. Davis, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2  

Certification of Todd S. Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101  

The following financial statements from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed on November 7, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language), are filed herewith: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

a        
 
 We have requested confidential treatment for certain portions of this agreement, which have been omitted and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

b        
 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.     

46 

SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  
 
 /s/ Todd S. Young   

Todd S. Young  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (on behalf of the registrant and as the registrant s Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

47  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 acad-ex101_248.htm
 EX-10.1

acad-ex101_248.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
   
 ***Text Omitted and Filed Separately 
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Confidential Treatment Requested 
 Under 17 C.F.R. Sections 200.80(b)(4)  
 and 240.24b-2. 
 Second Amendment to Product Agreement  
 between Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc. and ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
   
 This Second Amendment to Product Agreement (the   Amendment  ), dated October 6, 2016 (the   Amendment Date  ), is made by and between Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc. (  Patheon  ) and ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.   (  ACADIA  ).   
   
 WHEREAS , Patheon and ACADIA have entered into that certain Master Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated August 3, 2015 (the   MSA  ) and that certain Product Agreement under the MSA, dated August 3, 2015, as amended on April 25, 2016 (the   Product Agreement   and  
   
 WHEREAS , Patheon and ACADIA now wish to amend the Product Agreement as set forth in this Amendment.  All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the respective meanings set forth in the MSA or Product Agreement, as applicable.  
   
 NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the premises hereof and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties, the parties agree as follows: 
   
 1.   Amendment to Schedule C.   The stability pricing table on Schedule C of the Product Agreement is hereby amended and replaced with the stability pricing tables set forth on Exhibit 1 of this Amendment.   
    
 2.  Side Letter Agreements.   The parties hereby agree that any future changes to stability testing set forth in Schedule C of the Product Agreement, and any annual adjustments to Product pricing set forth in Schedule B of the Product Agreement pursuant to Section 4.2 of the MSA, may be documented via separate side letter agreement between Patheon and ACADIA.  
   
 3.  No Other Modifications . Except as specifically modified by this Amendment, the terms and conditions of the Product Agreement including, without limitation, all other terms and conditions included in each of the amended Schedules, and the MSA, shall remain unchanged.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their authorized representatives, effective as of the Amendment Date. 

P  atheon Pharmaceuticals Inc.   
 
 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.      

By:  /s/ Nicholas M. Buschur  By:  /s/ James Nash 
   
 Name:  Nicholas M. Buschur  Name:  James Nash 

Title:      Executive Director   GM   
 
            Title:       SVP, Technology Development       

 Operations     
   
  Exhibit 1  
   
  Updated Stability Pricing  
   
 [ *** ] 

2 

[ *** ] 

3 

[ *** ]  
     
 4 

[ *** ]  
     
 5 

[ *** ]  
 6 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 acad-ex102_247.htm
 EX-10.2

acad-ex102_247.htm

Exhibit 10.2 

July 25, 2016 

Todd Young 
 436 Linden Street 
 Winnetka, IL 60093 
   
 Dear Todd: 
   
 I am delighted to offer to you the position of Executive Vice President   Chief Financial Officer with ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the  Company ).  This position will be based in our San Diego office.  Subject to Board approval and the completion of a background investigation, the terms of our offer are summarized below: 

1.   
 
  Base Salary.    Your semi-monthly salary will be $16,875.00 ($405,000.00 annualized).  As an employee of ACADIA, you will be expected to abide by the Company s rules and regulations and to devote all of your business time, skill, attention and best efforts to ACADIA business to fulfill the responsibilities assigned to you.  Your position is full time and is exempt under the FLSA provision for overtime.     

2.   
 
  Performance Bonus.    You will be eligible to receive a discretionary annual performance bonus ( Annual Bonus ) currently targeted at 45% of your annual base salary but which will be granted in the sole discretion of the Board based upon its evaluation of the Company s and your achievement of such specific performance goals as established by the Board.  Your Annual Bonus for 2016, if any, will be pro-rated based on your time at the Company in 2016.  You must be an employee of the Company on the date upon which any annual bonus is paid to be eligible for such bonus.     

3.   
 
  Stock Options.     

(a)   
 
  Initial Grant.    In connection with the commencement of your employment, the Company will recommend that the Board of Directors grant you an option (the  Option ) to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the  Shares ) at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant, as determined in accordance with the terms of the Company s 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).      

(b)   
 
  Vesting.    The Option will vest over four (4) years, with twenty-five percent (25%) of the Shares vesting on the first anniversary of the date of grant and 1/48th of the Shares vesting monthly thereafter on the monthly anniversary of the date of grant provided that you remain employed by the Company through each vesting installment date.     

(c)   
 
  Annual Grant  .  Any future stock option grants are made at the sole discretion of the Board. You will be eligible to receive a discretionary annual option award which will be granted in the sole discretion of the Board based upon its evaluation of the Company s and your achievement of such specific performance goals as established by the Board.  Your annual option award for 2016, if any, will be pro-rated based on your time at the Company in 2016.       

(d)   
 
        Other Terms.    The  se   Option  s   will be subject to the terms of the Plan, a related stock option agreement, and a notice of stock grant to be executed by you and the Company.       

4.   
 
  Severance Benefit.    You will be entitled to participate in our Management Severance Benefit Plan ( Severance Plan ).  In the event of a qualifying termination of employment and subject to the terms of the Severance Plan, you would be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in the Severance Plan, which include severance equal to twelve months of your base salary in effect as of the date of termination plus your target bonus amount and payment for group healthcare benefits you were receiving at the time of your termination (subject to the terms of the Company s benefit plans) for the same twelve month period.       

5.   
 
  Change in Control Severance Benefit  .  You will be entitled to participate in our Change in Control Severance Benefit Plan ( CIC Severance Plan ).  In the event of a qualifying termination of employment, up to one month prior to or within 18 months following certain change in control events set forth in the CIC Severance Plan, you would be entitled to certain severance payments and benefits as outlined in the CIC Severance Plan.  The amount of payments and the type of benefits provided under the Severance Plan include cash severance payments based on base salary and bonus, accelerated vesting of equity awards, and payment for group healthcare benefits you were receiving at the time of your termination (subject to the terms of the Company s benefit plans).  These benefits include a lump sum severance payment equal to 1.5 times the sum of your annual base salary and target bonus and would supersede the severance benefits described in paragraph 4, above.      

6.   
 
  Relocation Expenses.    As you will establish residence near the Company s San Diego office, we will provide you, through our 3rd party vendor, assistance with temporary housing, the movement of your household goods, and other relocation services, in accordance with IRS relocation allowance guidelines.  Your complete relocation assistance program is outlined in the Summary of Relocation Assistance (attached) and will be subject to applicable income tax withholdings.  This program will expire 1 year following your employment start date.  In addition, you agree to reimburse the Company the total relocation costs paid by the Company, on a prorated basis, if you voluntarily terminate your employment within 2 years of your employment start date.     

7.   
 
  Benefits.    You will be eligible to participate in the Company s standard benefit plans, which include medical, dental, vision, life, accidental death and dismemberment and short and long-term disability insurance coverage.  You will also be able to utilize a Flexible Spending Arrangement that allows employees the opportunity to pay for certain dependent care and health care related costs with pretax dollars.  Note that these plans for new employees are effective as of the first day of the calendar month following your employment start date and enrollment.  Your eligibility and participation in these plans, is, of course, subject to the terms of the plans themselves.     

8.   
 
  Vacation.    You will receive 20 vacation days each year, accrued monthly.     

9.   
 
  401K.    You will have the opportunity to participate in the Company s 401(k) plan.  Currently, the plan provides for the Company to match, on a dollar for dollar basis, the employee contributions to the plan up to 5% of the employee s annual compensation, subject to limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Service.  The plan is currently managed by Fidelity Investments and provides for enrollment on the first day of each fiscal quarter.     

10.   
 
        Employee Stock Purchase Plan.    You will have the opportunity to enroll in the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which provides for the purchase of shares of ACADIA common stock through payroll deductions. The ESPP currently provides for twice-annual purchases at a discount of at least 15% to the market price, subject to certain limitations.     

11.   
 
  Inventions and Non-Disclosure.    You will be required to sign the Inventions and Non-Disclosure Agreement, attached to this letter, as a condition of your employment.       

12.   
 
  Authorization to Work.    Federal law requires that you provide the Company with the legally required proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States.  We will furnish you with a list of acceptable documents.  This documentation must be provided within three (3) business days of the date your employment begins, or our employment relationship with you may be terminated.     

13.   
 
  At-Will; Entire Agreement.    Your employment is at-will and for no specified period, and either you or the Company may terminate this employment relationship at anytime and for any reason.  This Agreement, including the enclosures, contains our complete, final, and exclusive agreement relating to the terms and conditions of your employment, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements, representations, or discussions.  This Agreement cannot be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by you and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.     

 The start date for your employment with the Company will be a date as mutually agreed upon between you and me.   
 Todd, I am very confident that your joining the ACADIA team will prove extremely beneficial to both you and the Company and its shareholders.  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me.  This offer, if not accepted, will expire on August 1, 2016.     
 Please indicate your agreement with the above terms by signing below and returning to my attention.  
 Sincerely, 
 /s/ Steve Davis 
 Steve Davis 
 President   CEO 

Accepted and agreed: 

/s/ Todd Young        7/26/2016    
 Todd Young Date  

Attachments  :   
 
 Relocation Summary    

Inventions and Non-Disclosure Agreement    

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 acad-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

acad-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Stephen R. Davis, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016  

/ S / Stephen R. Davis  

Stephen R. Davis 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Registrant s Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 acad-ex312_11.htm
 EX-31.2

acad-ex312_11.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Todd S. Young, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016  

/ S / Todd S. Young  

Todd S. Young 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Registrant s Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 acad-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

acad-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Stephen R. Davis, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act  and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 7, 2016  

/ S / Stephen R. Davis  

Stephen R. Davis 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Registrant s Principal Executive Officer)  

This certification shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 acad-ex322_12.htm
 EX-32.2

acad-ex322_12.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Todd S. Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act  and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 7, 2016  

/ S / Todd S. Young  

Todd S. Young 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Registrant s Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

This certification shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 acad-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 acad-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 acad-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 acad-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 acad-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 acad-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

