<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161215_10-K_edgar_data_1627041_0001493152-16-015909_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1574096</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96143</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>92350</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>516832</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>444946</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>371616</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-015909.hdr.sgml : 20161215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161215154429
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-015909
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			eBizware, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001627041
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				611633330
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55570
		FILM NUMBER:		162053612

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT B19, 9/F, EFFICIENCY HOUSE
		STREET 2:		35 TAI YAU STREET
		CITY:			SAN PO KONG, KOWLOON
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-6194 4999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT B19, 9/F, EFFICIENCY HOUSE
		STREET 2:		35 TAI YAU STREET
		CITY:			SAN PO KONG, KOWLOON
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-015909.txt : 20161215

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

U.
S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D. C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
fiscal year ended August 31, 2016   

OR   

  .  

   [  ]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
________ TO _________   

eBizware,
Inc.   

  (Name
of Registrant in its Charter)  

Unit
B19, 9/F, Efficiency House, 35 Tai Yau Street   

   San
Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong   

  (Address
of Principal Executive Offices)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:  852-6194 4999   

Not
applicable.   

  (Former
Name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, $0.0001 par value  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer [  ]  
         
      Accelerated
    filer   [  ]   

Non-accelerated
    filer [  ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes [X] No [  ]  

At February 29, 2016, the aggregate
market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $nil based on the closing sale
price of the registrant s common stock on February 29, 2016 of $nil per share. 

As
of December 12, 2016, 5,280,000 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.0001, were outstanding.  

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

None.  

eBizware,
Inc.   

   Form
10-K   

   August
31, 2016   

Table
of Contents   

Page    

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   
         
      3   

Part I    

Item
    1.  
       Business   
         
      4   
 
      Item
    1A.  
       Risk Factors   
         
     4    
 
      Item
    1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
         
      6   
 
      Item
    2.  
       Properties   
         
      6   
 
      Item
    3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
         
      6   
 
      Item
    4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
         
      6   

Part II    

Item
    5.  
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
         
      6   
 
      Item
    6.  
       Selected Financial Data   
         
      7   
 
      Item
    7.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
         
      7   
 
      Item
    7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
         
     8  
 
      Item
    8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
         
      F-1   
 
      Item
    9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
         
      9   
 
      Item
    9A.  
       Controls and Procedures   
         
     9  
 
      Item
    9B.  
       Other Information   
         
      10   

Part III    

Item
    10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
         
      10   
 
      Item
    11.  
       Executive Compensation   
         
      11   
 
      Item
    12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
         
      13   
 
      Item
    13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
         
      13   
 
      Item
    14.  
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
         
      14   

Part IV    

Item
    15.  
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
         
      14   
 
       Signatures   
         
      15   

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS   

This
report contains forward-looking statements. The Securities and Exchange Commission encourages companies to disclose forward-looking
information so that investors can better understand a company s future prospects and make informed investment decisions.
This report and other written and oral statements that we make from time to time contain such forward-looking statements that
set out anticipated results based on management s plans and assumptions regarding future events or performance. We have
tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as  anticipate,   estimate, 
 expect,   project,   intend,   plan,   believe,   will 
and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include
statements relating to future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated sales efforts, expenses, the outcome
of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results. Factors that could cause our actual results of operations
and financial condition to differ materially are discussed in greater detail under Item 1A    Risk Factors 
of this report.   

We
caution that the factors described herein and other factors could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition
to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements we make and that investors should not place undue
reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such
statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after
the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances.
New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Further, we cannot assess
the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.   

PART
I   

Item
1. Business   

Overview
and Corporate History   

eBizware.com, Inc. (the
 Company ), a Delaware corporation, was formed on December 31, 2013. The Company is headquartered at Unit B19, 9/F,
Efficiency House, 35 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The Company was formed to continue the development and distribution
of a software solution that provides visual online data resource for our customers to integrate with third party implementations. 

On August 12, 2016, in
connection with the sale of a controlling interest in the Company, Mark W. DeFoor (the  Seller ), the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Director entered into and closed on that certain Share Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement )
with 57 Society International Limited, ( 57 Society ), a Hong Kong company, whereby 57 Society purchased from the Seller
a total of 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the  Shares ) for an aggregate price of $321,000.
The Shares acquired represent approximately 94.70% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. 

Subsequent to the Agreement, the Company discontinued
its current business and is seeking new business opportunities and may seek businesses to acquire. 

Our
Business   

The
exchange of data is a constant problem for most organizations no matter what their size. eBizware began operations with the intent
of providing customers with middle-ware applications. Our tools allow for the customer to attach our software to their resident
database, no matter the manufacturer, via an online connection string builder. Once the customer s database is attached
to the eBizware tool, you have the ability, through our online resource, resident or on one of our servers, to choose the data
you would like to distribute and how you would like to distribute it. eBizware offers several standard delivery options, the system
can deliver a .csv file (comma separated value file), a txt file, web service or API (application programming interface), all
without any additional programming or resources.  

The
Company began generating revenue in September 2014. Our revenue model is a subscription service, paid monthly prior to the beginning
of that month.  

Following
the sale of a controlling interest in the Company on August 12, 2016, management decided to discontinue the Company s
current business and is seeking new business opportunities by way of developing and launching a mobile device application
(APP) that encourages community building centered around the use of a cloud-based APP. The concept for development of this APP
surrounds the use of  Numbers 1-9  where products are expected to be customizable according to individual color preferences
and suitable number combinations. The Company may also seek business to acquire.  

Competition   

Our
competition includes other data integration service providers. Some of our competitors may have significantly greater financial,
marketing and other resources than we do. Our competitors may undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns, including Internet
based advertisements, and adopt more aggressive pricing policies that may allow them to build larger customer and distribution
bases than ours. Our competitor s services may be equal or superior to our services or that achieve greater market acceptance
than ours.  

Employees   

At
August 31, 2016, we had no full-time employees. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements.  

Available
Information   

We
make available, free of charge, on or through our Internet website, at www.ebizware.com, our annual reports on Form 10-K, our
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Our Internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto
are not intended to be, and are not, incorporated into this Annual Report.  

Our
reports, registration statements and other information can be inspected on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and such information
can also be inspected, and copies ordered, at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at the following location:
100 F Street NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information regarding the operation of the SEC s public reference facilities may
be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.   

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below,
together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report, before making an investment decision. If any of the
following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading
price of our common stock could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. Investors should read the section
entitled  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  above for a discussion of what types of statements
are forward-looking statements as well as the significance of such statements in the context of this Annual Report.   

Risks
Related To Our Business and Financial Condition   

There
is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.    

Historically,
we had limited historical related party revenues, have suffered recurring losses from operations and have working capital of $1,292
as of August 31, 2016. Further losses are anticipated in the development of our business. Therefore, our continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon our completion of a future financing. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in completing
such a financing. If we are unable to fund future operations by way of financing, including public or private offerings of equity
or debt securities, our business, financial condition and exploration activities will be adversely impacted. As a result, there
is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
audit opinion and notes that accompany our consolidated financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2016, refer to the
substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. We do not have sufficient cash to fund planned operations or meet our obligations for the next
12 months without raising additional funds.  

If
the market chooses to buy competitive products and services, the Company will not be financially viable.   

Although
the Company believes that its products will be of commercial usefulness, there is no verification by the marketplace that the
Company s products and services will be purchased by customers. If the market chooses to buy competitive products and services,
it may be more difficult for the Company to be profitable and the Company s business would be substantially harmed. The
Company believes that the purchase of its products is also highly dependent on perceptions of risk, financial viability of the
Company, ability to provide related services and support, and other factors including brand perception, references, and commercial
linkage between these sales and other products and services. If the Company is not able to manage these perceptions, it may not
be able to meet its forecasts and projections.  

The
Company s competitors are larger and have greater resources, giving them the ability to utilize commercial practices that
prevent customers from buying the Company s products and services.   

The
Company s competitors are other software development companies, especially those that are focused on offering electronic
medical record solutions such as Cerner. Many of our competitors are larger and have resources greater than those of the Company;
therefore, there can be no assurance that potential customers will buy from the Company, as opposed to the Company s competitors.
If potential customers do not buy from the Company, the Company s business would be significantly harmed. Competitors may
also have greater leverage and stronger relationships with their customers, as well as the ability to offer lower prices, which
could affect the Company s ability to procure customers or cause customers to change vendors.  

The
Company s business plan is highly sensitive to many factors, and thus Company performance is not easily predictable.   

Software
development is a quickly changing environment and is sensitive to many factors, including competition with larger companies, market
demand, research and development expenditures, and the ability to stay competitive in the applicable industry. Given these and
other market factors, the Company cannot predict with certainty its short- and long-term performance and profitability. In addition,
even if the Company achieves profitability, given these many factors affecting the Company s business, the Company may not
be able to maintain profitability in the future.  

If
the Company does not manage growth effectively, the Company s business could be harmed.   

Resource
infrastructure and a significant sales plan will be required to realize the Company s growth strategy. Operations growth
will place significant demands on the management and other resources of the Company, which demands are likely to continue. To
manage future growth, the Company will need to continue to attract, hire and retain highly skilled and motivated officers, managers
and employees for:  

1.
Sales, marketing, business development and customer service;  

2.
Technical support, software development and integration;  

3.
Operational and financial management; and  

4.
Training, integrating and managing the growing employee base.  

The
Company may not be successful in selecting, managing or expanding its operations and markets or maintaining adequate management,
financial and operating systems and controls. The Company may not be able to achieve desired geographic expansion without additional
investment.  

Experience
of management may not be adequate to achieve projections.   

While
the Company s officers have history in working with growth companies, there is no guarantee that such experience will ensure
that the company will reach its projections. Success in this industry has many factors that our management team cannot control:
the general economy; rapid deployment of competitor offerings; ability to protect our intellectual property; and other macroeconomic
factors.  

Risk
Related to Ownership of Our Securities   

Unless
Or Until We List Our Common Stock On NASDAQ Or Another Securities Exchange, Our Common Stock Will Be Deemed A  Penny Stock, 
Which Makes It More Difficult For Our Investors To Sell Their Shares.    

Unless
or until our common stock lists on the Nasdaq Capital Market or another securities exchange, our common stock is subject to the
 penny stock  rules adopted under Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ). The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange
and trades at less than $5.00 per share, other than companies that have had average revenue of at least $6,000,000 for the last
three years or that have tangible net worth of at least $5,000,000 ($2,000,000 if the company has been operating for three or
more years). These rules require, among other things, that brokers who trade penny stocks to persons other than  established
customers  complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors, and provide investors with certain information
concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many
brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and, as a result, the number
of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If we remain subject to the penny stock rules
for any significant period, it could have an adverse effect on the market, if any, for our common stock. If our common stock is
subject to the penny stock rules, investors will find it more difficult to dispose of our common stock.  

Future
Sales Of Our Common Stock In The Public Market By Our Existing Stockholders, Or The Perception That Such Sales Might Occur, Could
Depress The Market Price Of Our Common Stock.    

The
market price of our common stock could decline as a result of the sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the
market by the selling stockholders, and even the perception that these sales could occur may depress the market price of our common
stock.  

Future
Sales And Issuances Of Our Common Stock Or Rights To Purchase Common Stock By Us, Including Pursuant To Our Equity Incentive Plans,
Could Result In Additional Dilution Of Percentage Ownership Of Our Stockholders And Could Cause Our Stock Price To Fall.    

We
intend to issue additional securities pursuant to our equity incentive plans and may issue equity or convertible securities in
the future. To the extent we do so, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible
securities, or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If
we sell common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially
diluted by subsequent sales and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders.  

There
Is A Limited Market For Our Common Stock.    

Only
a very limited trading market currently exists for our common stock. As a result, any broker-dealer that makes a market in our
common stock or other person that buys or sells our common stock could have a significant influence over its price at any given
time. We cannot assure our stockholders that a market for our common stock will be sustained. There is no assurance that our common
stock will have any greater liquidity than common stock that does not trade on a public market.  

Our
Reporting Obligations As A Public Company Are Costly.    

Operating
a public company involves substantial costs to comply with reporting obligations under federal securities laws. We may not reach
sufficient size to justify our public reporting status. If we were forced to become a private company, our stockholders may lose
their ability to sell their shares and there would be substantial costs associated with becoming a private company.  

We
Do Not Intend To Pay Dividends On Our Common Stock So Any Returns Will Be Limited To The Value Of Our Stock.    

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain any future earnings
for the development, operation, and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for
the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will be limited to the value of their stock.  

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.   

None  

Item
2. Properties   

Our
principal executive offices in Hong Kong which we share with our controlling shareholder 57 Society International Limited ( 57
Society ) are furnished to us by 57 Society without charge. We are searching for additional office space to accommodate
future growth.  

Item
3. Legal Proceedings   

From
time to time we may become involved in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including actions
related to our intellectual property. Although the outcomes of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we
are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe, either individually or in the aggregate, will
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not
applicable.  

PART
II   

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

Market
Information   

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. and is traded under the symbol  EBZW . Our
stock is thinly traded on the OTCQB and there can be no assurance that a liquid market for our common stock will ever develop.  

Security
Holders   

As
of December 12, 2016, we had 5,280,000 shares of our common stock outstanding held by 27 stockholders of record.  

Dividend
Policy   

We
have never paid a cash dividend on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all earnings, if any, to finance the growth
and development of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.  

Equity
Compensation Plans   

None.  

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities   

None.  

Item
6   Selected Financial Data   

Not
applicable.  

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations   

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and associated notes appearing elsewhere in this Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based
upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. See  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements as a result of various
factors, including the risks and uncertainties described under  Risk Factors.   

Company
Overview   

We
are a provider of middle-ware applications. Our tools allow for the customer to attach our software to their resident database,
no matter the manufacturer, via an online connection string builder. The Company began generating revenue in September 2014. Our
revenue model is a subscription service, paid monthly prior to the beginning of that month.  

Following
the sale of a controlling interest in the Company on August 12, 2016, management decided to discontinue the Company s
current business and is seeking new business opportunities by way of developing and launching a mobile device application
(APP) that encourages community building centered around the use of a cloud-based APP. The concept for development of this APP
surrounds the use of  Numbers 1-9  where products are expected to be customizable according to individual color preferences
and suitable number combinations. The Company may also seek business to acquire.  

Recent
Events   

On
August 12, 2016, in connection with the sale of a controlling interest in our company, Mark W. DeFoor the Company s former
Chief Executive Officer and Director entered into and closed on that certain Share Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement )
with 57 Society, whereby 57 Society purchased from Mr. DeFoor a total of 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock
(the  Shares ) for an aggregate price of $321,000. The Shares acquired represent approximately 94.70% of the issued
and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company.  

Concurrently
with the closing of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Choong Jeng Hew was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer and sole Director
and Chip Jin Eng was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer, treasurer and secretary. At this time, we do not have any written
employment agreement or other formal compensation agreements with our new officers and director. Compensation arrangements are
the subject of ongoing development and we will make appropriate additional disclosures as they are further developed and formalized.  

Results
of Operations   

The following comparative
analysis on results of operations was based primarily on the comparative audited financial statements, footnotes and related information
for the periods identified below and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes to those statements
that are included elsewhere in this report. 

Revenue. The Company did not generate revenues
for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Total Operating Expenses. The Company incurred
operating expenses for the year ended August 31, 2016, in the amount of $39,583 compared to $32,298 for the year
ended August 31, 2015, an increase of $7,285. 

Income from Discontinued Operations, On
August 12, 2016, the Company discontinued activities related to its development and distribution of a software solution business.
Accordingly, the operating results of this business been classified as discontinued operations in our statements of operations
for all years presented. During the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company generated $33,750 and $45,000 in
revenues from a related party and incurred operating expenses of $12,035 and $17,500, and reflected income from discontinued
operation of $21,715 and $27,500, respectively. 

Net
Loss. The Company incurred losses for the year ended August 31, 2016, in the amount of $17,868 compared to a loss for the year
ended August 31, 2015 in the amount of $4,798.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Liquidity
is the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. As of August
31, 2016, working capital amounted to $1,292, an increase of $2,882 as compared to a working capital deficit of $1,590 as of
August 31, 2015. This increase is primarily a result of a decrease in accounts payable related party of $18,978 offset by a
decrease in accounts receivable   related party of $15,000.  

  Property
and Equipment. The Company currently owns no equipment.  

In
2015, the Company issued 65,000 shares of its common stock for $3,250 in cash.  

In
2016, the Company issued 215,000 shares of its common stock for $10,750 in cash.  

For the year ended August 31, 2016, net cash
used in operating activities amounted to $(3,339) as compared to net cash provided by operating activities for the year
ended August 31, 2015 of $4,231. 

For the year ended August 31, 2016, net cash
flow provided by (used in) financing activities amounted to $(5,578) as compared to net cash flow from financing
activities for the year ended August 31, 2015 of $4,186. During the year ended August 31, 2016, we received proceeds from the
sale of common stock of $10,750 and we repaid net related party advances of $16,328. 

We do not have sufficient
resources to effectuate all aspects of our business plan. We will have to raise additional funds to pay for all of our planned
expenses. We potentially will have to issue additional debt or equity, or enter into a strategic arrangement with a third party
to carry out some aspects of our business plan. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to us. We currently
have no agreements, arrangements or understandings with any person to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other
sources. Since we have no other such arrangements or plans currently in effect, our inability to raise funds for the above purposes
will have a severe negative impact on our ability to remain a viable company. We are dependent upon our controlling shareholders
to provide or loan us funds to meet our working capital needs. 

Going Concern  

Our financial statements
have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements,
we had a net loss from continuing of $39,583 and $32,298 for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The net cash used in operations were $3,339 for the year ended August 31, 2016. Additionally, the Company discontinued
its operating business and is seeking new business opportunities and acquisitions. These factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will ultimately
achieve profitable operations or become cash flow positive, or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. The Company is seeking
to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund its operations in the future. Although the Company has
historically raised capital from sales of equity, from related party working capital advances, and from the issuance of promissory
notes, there is no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital or
secure additional lending in the near future, management expects that the Company will need to curtail its operations. These financial
statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In
the opinion of our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year end August 31, 2016, our auditor included
a statement that as a result of our accumulated deficit at August 31, 2016, our net loss and net cash used in operating activities
for the reporting period then ended, there is a substantial doubt as our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Inflation   

In
the opinion of management, inflation has not and will not have a material effect on our operations in the immediate future. Management
will continue to monitor inflation and evaluate the possible future effects of inflation on our business and operations.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    

Under
SEC regulations, we are required to disclose our off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current
or future effect on our financial condition, such as changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. As of August 31, 2016, we have no off-balance
sheet arrangements.  

Critical
Accounting Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Effect
of Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

There
were various other updates recently issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application
to specific industries. None of the updates are expected to a have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.  

Item
7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Not
applicable.  

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

To
the Board of Director and Stockholders  

  eBizware,
Inc.  

   Kowloon,
Hong Kong   

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of eBizware, Inc. (the  Company ) as of August 31, 2016 and 2015 and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatements. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also
includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of eBizware, Inc. as of August 31, 2016 and 2015 and
the result of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company incurred net losses and lacks of operational history, which raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

/s/
MaloneBailey, LLP   

   www.malonebailey.com   

  Houston,
Texas  

 December 14, 2016 

eBizware, Inc. 

  BALANCE
SHEETS  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

eBizware,
Inc.  

  STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

eBizware,
Inc.  

  STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)  

  For
the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

eBizware,
Inc.  

  STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

eBizware,
Inc.   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   August
31, 2016   

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS   

eBizware Inc. (the  Company ),
was incorporated in the State of Delaware on December 31, 2013 and established a fiscal year end of August 31. The Company
was engaged in the electronic management and appointment of licensed producers in the insurance industry of the United States. 

On August 12, 2016, in connection with the
sale of a controlling interest in the Company, Mark W. DeFoor (the  Seller ), the Company s  Chief Executive
Officer and Director entered into and closed on a Share Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement ) with 57 Society International
Limited, ( 57 Society ), a Hong Kong company, whereby 57 Society purchased from the Seller a total of 5,000,000 shares
of the Company s common stock. The Shares acquired represent approximately 94.70% of the issued and outstanding shares of
common stock of the Company. Following the closing of the agreement, Mark W. DeFoor resigned from all positions held of the
Company and Choong Jeng Hew was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. The Company then ceased
its activities in the electronic management and appointment of licensed producers in the insurance industry and abandoned that
business model.   

The Company is currently seeking new business
opportunities or acquisitions. 

NOTE 2   BASIS OF PRESENTATION, GOING
CONCERN AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation and Discontinued
Operations  

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations
of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

On August 12, 2016, in connection
with the Agreement discussed in Note 1, the Company discontinued activities related to the electronic management and
appointment of licensed producers in the insurance industry. Accordingly, the Company s assets and liabilities related
to this business have been classified on the balance sheets as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations as of August
31, 2016 and 2015. The operating results of this business have been classified as discontinued operations in our statements
of operations for all years presented. Unless otherwise indicated, all disclosures and amounts in the notes to the financial
statements relate to the Company s continuing operations. 

Going concern  

These financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the
Company had a net loss from continuing operations of $39,583 for the year ended August 31, 2016. The net cash used in operating
activities from continuing operations was $22,554 for the year ended August 31, 2016. Additionally, the Company
discontinued its operating business and is seeking new business opportunities and acquisitions. These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will
ultimately achieve profitable operations or become cash flow positive, or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. The Company
is seeking to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund its operations in the future. Although the
Company has historically raised capital from sales of equity, from related party working capital advances, and from the issuance
of promissory notes, there is no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. If the Company is unable to raise additional
capital or secure additional lending in the near future, management expects that the Company will need to curtail its operations.
These financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Use of estimates  

The preparation of the financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from these estimates. 

Fair value of financial instruments and
fair value measurements  

The Company adopted the guidance of Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820 for fair value measurements which clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes
methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as
follows: 

Level 1 - Inputs are unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 

Level 2 - Inputs are unadjusted
quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities
in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by
observable market data. 

Level 3 - Inputs are unobservable inputs which
reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability based on the best available information. 

The carrying amounts reported in the balance
sheet for cash, prepaid expenses, and accounts payable approximate their fair market value based on the short-term
maturity of these instruments. The Company did not have any non-financial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value
on a recurring basis as of August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Management believes it is not practical
to estimate the fair value of related party payables and due to related party because the transactions cannot be assumed to have
been consummated at arm s length, the terms are not deemed to be market terms, there are no quoted values available for
these instruments, and an independent valuation would not be practical due to the lack of data regarding similar instruments,
if any, and the associated potential costs. 

ASC 825-10   Financial Instruments 
 allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value (fair value option).
The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs.
If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument should be reported in earnings
at each subsequent reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding instruments. 

eBizware,
Inc.   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   August
31, 2016   

NOTE
2   BASIS OF PRESENTATION, GOING CONCERN AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)   

Cash
and cash equivalents   

Cash
and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months
or less. There were no cash equivalents at August 31, 2016 or 2015.  

Stock-based
compensation   

Stock-based
compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of the Share-Based Payment Topic of ASC 718 which requires recognition
in the consolidated financial statements of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award of equity
instruments over the period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively,
the vesting period). The ASC also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for
an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award.  

Pursuant
to ASC Topic 505-50, for share-based payments to consultants and other third-parties, compensation expense is determined at the
 measurement date.  The expense is recognized over the service period of the award. Until the measurement date is
reached, the total amount of compensation expense remains uncertain. The Company initially records compensation expense based
on the fair value of the award at the reporting date.  

Related
party   

The
Company follows ASC 850, Related Party Disclosures, for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party
transactions.   

Income
taxes   

Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary differences associated with differences between the financial statements
and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as measured by the enacted tax rates, which are expected to be in effect when these differences
reverse. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as current or non-current, depending upon the classification of the
asset or liabilities to which they relate. Deferred tax assets and liabilities not related to an asset or liability are classified
as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances
are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.  

The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10   Uncertainty in Income Taxes   (ASC 740-10). Certain recognition
thresholds must be met before a tax position is recognized in the financial statements. An entity may only recognize or continue
to recognize tax positions that meet a  more-likely-than-not  threshold. As of August 31, 2016, the Company does not
believe it has any uncertain tax positions that would require either recognition or disclosure in the accompanying financial statements.  

Net
loss per common share   

Basic
net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during
the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed similar to basic net loss per share except that the denominator is increased
to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
and if the additional common shares were dilutive. In periods where losses are reported, the weighted-average number of common
stock outstanding excludes common stock equivalents, because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. At August 31, 2016 and 2015,
there were no outstanding common share equivalents.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

There were various
updates recently issued. None of the updates are expected to a have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. 

NOTE
  3   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

Accounts
payable - related party   

From time to time, the Company received
advances from Mark DeFoor, the former Chief Exective Officer, for working capital purposes or for paying various vendors on behalf
of the Company. The advances are non-interest bearing and are payable on demand. As of August 31, 2016 and 2015, the ending balance
of accounts payable-related party is $0 and $18,978, respectively. As of August 31. 2015, the ending balance of accounts payable
 related party represents $1,478 owed to Mark DeFoor for expenses paid on behalf of the Company and $17,500 owed to simTracton
LLC, a Company in which Mark DeFoor is a member, for web development services provided to the Company. $17,500 was reclassified
to asset of discontinued operations due to the fact that the Company discontinued its business model as discussed in Note 2. 

For the year ended August 31, 2016, Mark
DeFoor advanced $2,000 to the Company, and paid $14,850 operating expenses on behalf of the Company. During that period, the Company
repaid $18,328 to Mark DeFoor with $0 due as of August 31, 2016. For the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company made payment
of $17,500 to simTraction LLC and there was no balance due as of August 31, 2016. 

eBizware,
Inc.   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   August
31, 2016   

Due to related party  

For the year ended August 31, 2016, 57
Society, a company under the common control of Choong Jeng Hew, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, paid $3,981 operating
expenses and made $10,000 prepayment on behalf of the Company. As of August 31, 2016, 57 Society forgave the $10,000 due to them
related to prepayment and $10,000 was recorded in equity as an increase to additional paid-in capital. As of August 31, 2016,
the Company had outstanding payable to 57 Society in the amount of $3,981. The payable is unsecured, does not bear interest and
is due on demand. 

The Company s principal executive
offices in Hong Kong, which it shares with its controlling shareholder, 57 Society, are furnished to the Company by 57 Society
without any charge. 

NOTE
4   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)   

Common
stock sold for cash   

On
August 26, 2015, the Company issued 55,000 shares for $2,750 at a price of 0.05 per share. These shares were sold to relatives
of the former President and CEO of the Company.  

On
August 31, 2015, the Company issued 10,000 shares for $500 at a price of $0.05 per share.  

On
September 10, 2015 the Company issued 215,000 shares of its common stock for $10,750 at a price of $0.05 per share.  

NOTE
5   INCOME TAXES   

The
Company maintains deferred tax assets that reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. These deferred tax assets
consist of net operating loss carryforward. The net deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance because
of the Company s history of losses.  

The Company provided a valuation allowance
equal to the deferred income tax assets for the periods ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 because it was not known whether future
taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforward. The Company s accumulated loss carryforward of $19,897
as of August 31, 2016 will expire in 2034.  

Additionally,
the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation
as a result of ownership changes that have occurred and could occur in the future. If necessary, the deferred tax assets will
be reduced by any carryforward that expire prior to utilization as a result of such limitations, with a corresponding reduction
of the valuation allowance.  

The
Company does not have any uncertain tax positions or events leading to uncertainty in a tax position. The Company s 2014,
2015 and 2016 Corporate Income Tax Returns are subject to Internal Revenue Service examination.  

eBizware,
Inc.   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   August
31, 2016   

NOTE
6 - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS   

The
results of operation of the Company s discontinued business have been presented as a discontinued operations for the years
ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. The following table provides the financial results included in income from discontinued operations
during the periods presented:   

The revenue shown above was solely from
a related party customer. 

For
the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, net cash flows provided by discontinued operations consisted of the following:  

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

None.  

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported as specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information required to be disclosed by us in reports that
we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of August 31, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of August 31, 2016 for the reasons discussed below.  

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

Management
is responsible for the preparation of our financial statements and related information. Management uses its best judgment to ensure
that the financial statements present fairly, in material respects, our financial position and results of operations in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles.  

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Exchange
Act. These internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented
fairly, that disclosures are adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable.
There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls including the possibility of human error
and overriding of controls. Consequently, an ineffective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance
with respect to reporting financial information.  

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that the receipts
and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding the prevention of or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could
have a material effect on our financial statements.  

Under
the supervision of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control   Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and subsequent guidance
prepared by the Commission specifically for smaller public companies. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of August 31, 2016 because it identified the following material
weakness and significant deficiencies:  

1)  
       We
    do not have an Audit Committee . While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management s
    view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company s
    financial statement. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee, and does not include a
    member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities.   

2)  
        We
    did not maintain appropriate segregation of duties . As of August 31, 2016, the Company did not require dual signature
    on the Company s bank accounts. Alternatively, the effect of this cash control issue was mitigated by the fact that
    the Company had limited transactions in its bank account.   

3)  
       We
    have not implemented policies and procedures that provide for multiple levels of supervision and review . During 2016,
    Mark W. DeFoor, performed all accounting and reporting duties and there was no supervision and review. Currently, we use an
    accounting services provider to assist us with bookkeeping and financial reporting   

4) 
     The Company does not have
    well-established procedures to authorize and approve related party transactions .   

A
material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis.  

We
expect to be materially dependent upon third parties to provide us with accounting consulting services for the foreseeable future
which we believe mitigates the impact of the material weaknesses discussed above. Until such time as we have a chief financial
officer with the requisite expertise in U.S. GAAP and establish an audit committee and implement internal controls and procedures,
there are no assurances that the material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures will
not result in errors in our financial statements which could lead to a restatement of those financial statements.  

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of
a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected.  

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s report on internal control over financial reporting
in this annual report on Form 10-K.  

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting    

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended August 31, 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Item
9B. Other Information.   

None.  

PART
III   

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance.   

Set
forth below are the names and ages of our directors and executive officers and their principal occupations at present and for
at least the past five years.  

Name   
           
       Age   
           
       Positions
    and Offices to be Held    
 
      Choong
    Jeng Hew  
         
      48  
         
      Chief
    Executive Officer and Director   
 
      Chip
    Jin Eng  
         
      48  
         
      Chief
    Financial Officer   

Our
director is appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed
from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed
by the board. All officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders,
and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of Directors.
Our Board of Directors appoints officers annually and each Executive Officer serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors.  

The
following is a brief description of the background on our recently appointed officer and director.  

Choong
Jeng Hew  , age 48, has served as our Chief Executive Officer, President and sole member of our Board of Directors since
August 12, 2016. Mr. Hew currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of 57 Society and VISIBER Group of Companies, where he
oversees their overall daily operations as well as strategic development. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hew worked at General
Electric Information Services from 1992 to 1993, SITA/SCITOR from 1993 to 1994, Oracle Malaysia from 1997 to 1998 and Health Communication
Network (HCN) from 1991 to 2001, where he had roles that included information technology and management, sales and marketing business
development and strategic consulting. In addition, Mr. Hew was conferred the honorary title of Datoship by the State Sovereign
of Pahang, Malaysia. Mr. Hew received a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science from Ohio State University. Mr. Hew also
received a postgraduate diploma in Computer and Information Systems from the Curtin University of Technology in Australia in 1994.  

As
the Chief Executive Officer of our company, Mr. Hew brings our board his considerable experience in the strategic planning and
growth of companies and qualifies him to continue to serve as a director or our company.  

Chip
Jin Eng  , age 48, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since August 12, 2016. Mr. Eng currently serves as the Executive
Director for VISIBER Sdn Bhd and VISIBER International (Singapore) Pte. Ltd and is the Chief Financial Officer of 57 Society.
Since 2004 Mr. Eng has also served as an Independent Non-Executive Director and the Audit Committee Chairman of Oilcorp Bhd, a
company listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia stock exchange. Prior to joining 57 Society, since 1999, Mr. Jin established
two consulting companies providing corporate advisory and consulting services. Mr. Eng was an auditor with Cooper   Lybrand,
Charted Accountants in 1993 before joining Moores Rowland, Chartered Accountants in 1994. Mr. Jin graduated from the Royal Melbourne
Institute of Technology, Melbourne, Australia and has been a Chartered Accountant registered with the Malaysian Institute of Accountants
since 1996 and the Australian Society of Certified Practicing Accountants (ASCPA) since 2002.  

There
are no family relationships between any of the executive officers and directors.  

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings   

None
of our directors, executive officers, significant employees or control persons has been involved in any legal proceeding listed
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years.  

Corporate
Governance   

Our
board of directors has not established any committees, including an audit committee, a compensation committee or a nominating
committee, or any committee performing a similar function. The functions of those committees are being undertaken by our board.
Because we do not have any independent directors, our board believes that the establishment of committees of our board would not
provide any benefits to our company and could be considered more form than substance.  

We
do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates that may be recommended by our stockholders, including
the minimum qualifications for director candidates, nor has our officers and directors established a process for identifying and
evaluating director nominees. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director
candidates by our stockholders, including the procedures to be followed. Our officers and directors have not considered or adopted
any of these policies as we have never received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our board
of directors.  

Given
our relative size and lack of directors  and officers  insurance coverage, we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders
will make such a recommendation in the near future. While there have been no nominations of additional directors proposed, in
the event such a proposal is made, all current members of our board will participate in the consideration of director nominees.  

As
with most small, early stage companies until such time as we further develop our business, achieve a stronger revenue base and
have sufficient working capital to purchase directors  and officers  insurance, we do not have any immediate prospects
to attract independent directors. When we are able to expand our board to include one or more independent directors, we intend
to establish an audit committee of our board of directors. It is our intention that one or more of these independent directors
will also qualify as an audit committee financial expert. Our securities are not quoted on an exchange that has requirements that
a majority of our board members be independent and we are not currently otherwise subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring
that all or any portion of our board of directors include  independent  directors, nor are we required to establish
or maintain an audit committee or other committee of our board.  

Code
of Ethics   

We
expect that we will adopt a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors,
including those officers responsible for financial reporting. Once adopted, we will make the code of business conduct and ethics
available on our website at  www.ebizware.com . We intend to post any amendments to the code, or any waivers of its requirements,
on our website.  

Board
Structure   

Our
Board has not chosen to separate the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board in recognition of the fact
that our operations are sufficiently limited that such separation would not serve any useful purpose.  

Role
of Board in Risk Oversight Process   

Management
is responsible for the day-to-day management of risk and for identifying our risk exposures and communicating such exposures to
our board. Our board is responsible for designing, implementing and overseeing our risk management processes. The board does not
have a standing risk management committee, but administers this function directly through the board as a whole. The whole board
considers strategic risks and opportunities and receives reports from its officers regarding risk oversight in their areas of
responsibility as necessary. We believe our board s leadership structure facilitates the division of risk management oversight
responsibilities and enhances the board s efficiency in fulfilling its oversight function with respect to different areas
of our business risks and our risk mitigation practices.  

Communications
with the Board of Directors   

Stockholders
with questions about the Company are encouraged to contact the Company by sending communications to the attention of the Chief
Executive Officer at Unit B19, 9/F, Efficiency House, 35 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong. If stockholders feel
that their questions have not been sufficiently addressed through communications with the Chief Executive Officer, they may communicate
with the Board of Directors by sending their communications to the Board of Directors, c/o the Chief Executive Officer at the
same address.  

Director
Compensation   

Historically,
our non-employee directors have not received compensation for their service outside the compensation set forth in the Summary
Compensation Table below, but we may compensate our directors for their service in the future. We reimburse our non-employee directors
for reasonable travel expenses incurred in attending board and committee meetings. We also intend to allow our non-employee directors
to participate in any equity compensation plans that we adopt in the future.  

Procedures
for Nominating Directors   

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board during the quarter
ended September 30, 2016.  

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance   

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered
class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership
and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common shares and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively.
Executive officers, directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, and to the best of our
knowledge, all executive officers, directors and persons holding greater than 10% of our issued and outstanding stock have filed
the required reports in a timely manner during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 with the exception of Choong Jeng Hew who
filed a report on Form 3 late and Chip Jin Eng who filed a report on Form 3 late.  

Item
11. Executive Compensation   

The
following table sets forth certain compensation information for: (i) our principal executive officer or other individual serving
in a similar capacity during our fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other
than our principal executive officers who were serving as executive officers at August 31, 2016 whose compensation exceed $100,000
and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was
not serving as an executive officer at August 31, 2016. Compensation information is shown for the fiscal years ended August 31,
2016 and 2015:  

FISCAL
2016 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE   

Name
    and    
     principal position   
         
      Year  

Salary  

Bonus  

Stock   
     Awards   

Option   
     Awards   

Non-Equity   
     Incentive Plan  
     Compensation   

Nonqualified   
     Deferred  
     Compensation  
     Earnings   

All
    Other   
     Compensation   

Total  

Choong
    Jeng Hew, President and Chief   

2016  

$
      
      -  

$  
                  -   

$
      
               -  

$  
      -  

$
      
           -  

$  
                     -   

$  
            -   

-  

Executive
    Officer (1)   

2015  

$  
                  -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

-  

Chip
    Jin Eng, Chief Financial  

2016  

$  
      -     

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

-  

Officer (2)   

2015  

$  
      -     

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

-  

Mark
    W. DeFoor, Former Chief Executive Officer and Director (3)   

2016  

$  
      -     

$  
      -  

$  
      -   

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

-  

2015  

$
      
      -     

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

-  

(1)
Mr. Hew was appointed as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director on August 12, 2016.  

(2)
Mr. Eng was appointed Chief Financial Officer on August 12, 2016.  

(3)
Mr. DeFoor resigned as Chief Executive Officer and Director on August 12, 2016.  

Employment
Agreements with Executive Officers    

At
this time, we do not have any written employment agreement or other formal compensation agreements with our new officers and director.
Compensation arrangements are the subject of ongoing development and we will make appropriate additional disclosures as they are
further developed and formalized.  

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT AUGUST 31, 2016   

The
following tables set forth, for each person listed in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above, as of August 31, 2016:  

With
respect to each option award -  

the
    number of shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options that have been earned, separately identified
    by those exercisable and unexercisable;   

the
    number of shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options that have not been earned;   

the
    exercise price of such option; and   

the
    expiration date of such option; and   

with
    respect to each stock award -   

the
    number of shares of our common stock that have been earned but have not vested;   

the
    market value of the shares of our common stock that have been earned but have not vested;   

the
    total number of shares of our common stock awarded under any equity incentive plan that have not vested and have not been
    earned; and   

the
    aggregate market or pay-out value of our common stock awarded under any equity incentive plan that have not vested and have
    not been earned.   

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT 2016 FISCAL YEAR-END   

OPTION
    AWARDS  
         
      STOCK
    AWARDS   
 
      Name  
         
      Number
    of   
     Securities  
     Underlying  
     Unexercised  
     Options (#)  
     Exercisable   
         
      Number
    of   
     Securities  
     Underlying  
     Unexercised  
     Options (#)  
     Unexercisable   
         
      Equity   
     Incentive  
     Plan  
     Awards:  
     Number of  
     Securities  
     Underlying  
     Unexercised  
     Unearned  
     Options  
     (#)   
         
      Option   
     Exercise  
     Price   
     ($)   
         
      Option   
     Expiration  
     Date   
         
      Number   
     of Shares  
     or Units  
     of Stock  
     That  
     Have Not  
     Vested  
     (#)   
         
      Market   
     Value of  
     Shares or  
     Units of  
     Stock  
     That  
     Have Not  
     Vested  
     ($)   
         
      Equity   
     Incentive  
     Plan  
     Awards:  
     Number of  
     Unearned  
     Shares,  
     Units or  
     Other  
     Rights  
     That Have  
     Not  
     Vested  
     (#)   
         
      Equity   
     Incentive  
     Plan  
     Awards:  
     Market or  
     Payout  
     Value of  
     Unearned  
     Shares,  
     Units or  
     Other  
     Rights  
     That Have  
     Not  
     Vested   
     (#)    
 
      Choong
    Jeng Hew  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -   
 
      Chip
    Jin Eng  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -   
 
      Mark
    W. DeFoor  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -  
         
      -   

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

The
following table sets forth information known to us, as of December 12, 2016, relating to the beneficial ownership of shares
of common stock by:  

each
    person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Company s outstanding common stock;   

each
    director;   

each
    executive officer; and   

all
    executive officers and directors as a group.   

Under
securities laws, a person is considered to be the beneficial owner of securities owned by him (or certain persons whose ownership
is attributed to him) or securities that can be acquired by him within 60 days, including upon the exercise of options, warrants
or convertible securities. The Company determines a beneficial owner s percentage ownership by assuming that options, warrants
and convertible securities that are held by the beneficial owner, but not those held by any other person, and which are exercisable
within 60 days, have been exercised or converted.  

The
Company believes that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common
Stock and preferred stock shown as being owned by them. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner in the
table set forth below is care of eBizware, Inc., Unit B19, 9/F, Efficiency House, 35 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong
Kong.  

Common
Stock   

(1)
Includes, where applicable, shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants and conversion of debt held by such
person that may be exercised within 60 days after December 12, 2016. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons
named in the table above have sole voting power and/or investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially,
warrants and convertible debt owned by them.  

(2)
The number of shares beneficially owned by Mr. Hew includes 5,000,000 shares of common stock owned by 57 Society International
Limited ( 57 Society ). Mr. Hew has a pecuniary interest in and exercises voting and dispositive control over 100%
of the Company s common stock owned by 57 Society.  

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence   

Our related parties are the following individuals
and entities: Mark W. DeFoor is CEO, president and a director of the company, Cool Creek Solutions, LLC., in which the Mark W.
DeFoor  father, William DeFoor Jr., was a member, and simTraction LLC, in which the Mark W. DeFoor is a member, Choong Jeng
Hew and 57 Society. 

From time to time, the Company received
advances from Mark DeFoor, the former Chief Exective Officer, for working capital purposes or for paying various vendors on behalf
of the Company. The advances are non-interest bearing and are payable on demand. As of August 31, 2016 and 2015, the ending balance
of accounts payable-related party is $0 and $18,978, respectively. As of August 31. 2015, the ending balance of accounts payable
 related party represents $1,478 owed to Mark DeFoor for expenses paid on behalf of the Company and $17,500 owed to simTracton
LLC, a Company in which Mark DeFoor is a member, for web development services provided to the Company. $17,500 was reclassified
to asset of discontinued operations due to the fact that the Company discontinued its business model as discussed in Note 2. 

For the year ended August 31, 2016, Mark
DeFoor advanced $2,000 to the Company, and paid $14,850 operating expenses on behalf of the Company. During that period, the Company
repaid $18,328 to Mark DeFoor with $0 due as of August 31, 2016. For the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company made payment
of $17,500 to simTraction LLC and there was no balance due as of August 31, 2016. 

On August 26, 2015, the Company issued 55,000
common shares to relatives of the President and CEO of the Company for cash proceeds of $2,750. 

For the year ended August 31, 2016, 57
Society, a company under the common control of Choong Jeng Hew, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, paid $3,981 operating
expenses and made $10,000 prepayment on behalf of the Company. As of August 31, 2016, 57 Society forgave the $10,000 due to them
related to prepayment and $10,000 was recorded in equity as an increase to additional paid-in capital. As of August 31, 2016,
the Company had outstanding payable to 57 Society in the amount of $3,981. The payable is unsecured, does not bear interest and
is due on demand. 

The Company s principal executive
offices in Hong Kong, which it shares with its controlling shareholder, 57 Society, are furnished to the Company by 57 Society
without any charge. 

Policy Regarding Transactions with Related
Persons  

We do not have a formal, written policy for
the review, approval or ratification of transactions between us and any director or executive officer, nominee for director, 5%
stockholder or member of the immediate family of any such person that are required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation
S-K. However, our policy is that any activities, investments or associations of a director or officer that create, or would appear
to create, a conflict between the personal interests of such person and our interests must be assessed by our Chief Executive Officer
and must be at arms  length. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.   

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by MaloneBailey, LLP for the fiscal
years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Audit
Fees    This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included
in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting
firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters
that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements.  

Audit-Related
Fees    This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm
that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under
 Audit Fees.  The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence
with the SEC and other accounting consulting.  

Tax
Fees    This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm
for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and
technical tax advice.  

All
Other Fees    This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items.  

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a procedure for pre-approval of all fees charged by our independent registered public accounting
firm. Under the procedure, the Board approves the engagement letter with respect to audit, tax and review services. Other fees
are subject to pre-approval by the Board, or, in the period between meetings, by a designated member of the Board. Any such approval
by the designated member is disclosed to the entire Board at the next meeting.  

PART
IV   

Item
15. Exhibits   

(a)  
     1.  
      Financial
    Statements   

The
    consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the  Index
    to Consolidated Financial Statements  on page F-1 and included on pages F-2 through [F- __].   

2.
      
      Financial
    Statement Schedules   

All
    schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are either not required under the
    related instructions, are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted), or the required disclosures are contained in the
    financial statements included herein.   

3.  
      Exhibits   

*
Filed herewith.  

SIGNATURE   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.  

eBizware
    Inc .   

Dated:
    December 15, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
     Choong Jeng Hew     

Choong
    Jeng Hew, Chief Executive Officer   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Signature  
         
      Title  
         
      Date   

/s/
    Choong Jeng Hew   
         
      President,
    Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director  
         
      December
    15, 2016   
 
      Choong
    Jeng Hew  
         
      (principal
    executive officer)  

/s/
    Chip Jin Eng   
         
      Chief
    Financial Officer  
         
      December
    15, 2016   
 
      Chip
    Jin Eng  
         
      (principal
    financial and accounting officer)  

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm

EXHIBIT
21  

eBizware,
Inc..   

   Subsidiaries   

Name   
           
       Jurisdiction
    of Incorporation or   
     Organization    
 
      None.  

</EX-21>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1  

Certifications   

I,
Choong Jeng Hew, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 of eBizware, Inc. (the  registrant );  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    December 15, 2016  
       /s/
    Choong Jeng Hew    

Choong
    Jeng Hew   

Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2  

Certifications   

I,
Chip Jin Eng, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 of eBizware, Inc. (the  registrant );  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    December 15, 2016  
       /s/
    Chip Jin Eng    

Chip
    Jin Eng   

Chief
    Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Section 1350 Certifications  

In connection with the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of eBizware, Inc. (the  Company ) for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Choong Jeng Hew, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
and Chip Jin Eng, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 15, 2016  
      /s/  Choong
    Jeng Hew    

Choong Jeng Hew   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: December 15, 2016  
      /s/  Chip
    Jin Eng    

Chip Jin Eng   

Chief Financial Officer   

This certification accompanies this Annual
Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such
Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ebzw-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ebzw-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ebzw-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ebzw-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ebzw-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ebzw-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

