<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_2034_0001571049-16-019383_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2470083</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123483</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>174374</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>429057</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1010795</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>678213</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019383.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103120109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019383
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACETO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000002034
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		IRS NUMBER:				111720520
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-04217
		FILM NUMBER:		161970766

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 TRI HARBOR COURT
		CITY:			PORT WASHINGTON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11050
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5166276000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 TRI HARBOR COURT
		CITY:			PORT WASHINGTON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11050

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACETO CHEMICAL CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19851203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019383.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 t1600652_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-Q  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15 (d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

 Commission file number  000-04217  

ACETO
CORPORATION   

      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

New York   
       
       11-1720520    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification 
 Number)   

4 Tri Harbor Court, Port Washington,
NY 11050  

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

(516) 627-6000 

 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

Yes  x 
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every interactive data file required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes  x 
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer  x   
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes    
No  x  

The registrant had 30,051,333 shares of common stock outstanding
as of November 1, 2016. 

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  QUARTERLY REPORT FOR THE PERIOD ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
     3  

Item 1. 
     
         Financial Statements   
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and June 30, 2016  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income   Three Months
        Ended September 30, 
         2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
     5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Three
        Months Ended September 30, 
         2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
     6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited)   
     7  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
     17  

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     18  

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  
     28  

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
     29  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
     29  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
     29  

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
     29  

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     29  

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     29  

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     29  

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
     29  

Item 6.  
     
         Exhibits   
     29  

Signatures  
     31  

Exhibits   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

  Item 1. Financial Statements  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

 (in thousands, except per-share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements
and accountants  review report. 

3  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
INCOME  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements
and accountants  review report. 

4  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

 (unaudited and in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements
and accountants  review report. 

5  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

 (unaudited and in thousands) 

Non-Cash Item  

The Company had a non-cash item excluded from the Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows during the three months ended September 30, 2015 of $1,745 related to dividends declared but
not paid. 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements
and accountants  review report 

6  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 

(1) Basis of Presentation  

The condensed consolidated financial statements
of Aceto Corporation and subsidiaries ( Aceto  or the  Company ) included herein have been prepared by
the Company and reflect all adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial
position, results of operations and cash flows for all periods presented. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results
which may be achieved for the full year. 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses reported in those financial statements and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. These judgments can be subjective and complex, and
consequently actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. The Company s most critical accounting policies
relate to revenue recognition; allowance for doubtful accounts; inventory; goodwill and other indefinite-life intangible assets;
long-lived assets; environmental matters and other contingencies; income taxes; and stock-based compensation. 

These condensed consolidated financial
statements do not include all disclosures associated with consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly,
these statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained
in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. 

(2) Stock-Based Compensation  

At the annual meeting of shareholders of the Company, held on
December 15, 2015, the Company s shareholders approved the Aceto Corporation 2015 Equity Participation Plan (the  2015
Plan ). Under the 2015 Plan, grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units
and other stock-based awards ( Stock Awards ) may be offered to employees, non-employee directors, consultants and
advisors of the Company, including the chief executive officer, chief financial officer and other named executive officers. The
maximum number of shares of common stock of the Company that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards granted under the 2015 Plan
will not exceed, in the aggregate, 4,250 shares. Stock Awards that are intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation 
for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, may be granted.  Performance-based awards
may be granted, vested and paid based on the attainment of specified performance goals. 

At the annual meeting of shareholders of
the Company, held on December 6, 2012, the Company s shareholders approved the amended and restated Aceto Corporation 2010
Equity Participation Plan (the  2010 Plan ). Under the 2010 Plan, grants of stock options, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, stock appreciation rights, and stock bonuses may be made to employees, non-employee directors and consultants of the
Company. The maximum number of shares of common stock of the Company that may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2010
Plan will not exceed, in the aggregate, 5,250 shares. In addition, restricted stock may be granted to an eligible participant in
lieu of a portion of any annual cash bonus earned by such participant. Such award may include additional shares of restricted stock
(premium shares) greater than the portion of bonus paid in restricted stock. The restricted stock award is vested at issuance and
the restrictions lapse ratably over a period of years as determined by the Board of Directors, generally three years. The premium
shares vest when all the restrictions lapse, provided that the participant remains employed by the Company at that time. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Company granted 256 shares of restricted common stock to its employees that vest over three years and 42 restricted
stock units to its employees that have varying vest dates through July 2017. In addition, the Company also issued a target grant
of 160 performance-vested restricted stock units, which grant could be as much as 280 units if certain performance criteria and
market conditions are met. Performance-vested restricted stock units will cliff vest 100% at the end of the third year following
grant in accordance with the performance metrics set forth in the applicable employee performance-vested restricted stock unit
grant. 

In September 2016, the Company granted 28 performance stock
options to an executive officer at an exercise price of $20.03 per share.  The
performance options vest if the closing stock price meets or exceeds the target price of $40 for 20 consecutive trading days prior
to June 30, 2021 and the explicit service period of 1 year has been met.  The options will expire June 30, 2021, if the stock
price target is not achieved. If it is achieved, the options will expire ten years from the date of grant. 

7  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the
Company granted 221 shares of restricted common stock to its employees that vest over three years and 14 shares of restricted common
stock to its non-employee directors, which vest over approximately one year as well as 46 restricted stock units that have varying
vest dates through July 2017. In addition, the Company also issued a target grant of 142 performance-vested restricted stock units,
which grant could be as much as 248 if certain performance criteria and market conditions are met. Performance-vested restricted
stock units will cliff vest 100% at the end of the third year following grant in accordance with the performance metrics set forth
in the applicable employee performance-vested restricted stock unit grant. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of approximately $1,659 and $1,462, respectively, related to restricted common
stock, restricted stock units and stock options. As of September 30, 2016, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost
is approximately $15,142. 

(3) Capital Stock  

On August 25, 2016, the Company's board
of directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.065 per share which was paid on September 20, 2016 to shareholders of
record as of September 9, 2016. 

On May 8, 2014, the Board of Directors
of the Company authorized the continuation of the Company s stock repurchase program, expiring in May 2017. Under the stock
repurchase program, the Company is authorized to purchase up to 5,000 shares of common stock in open market or private transactions,
at prices not to exceed the market value of the common stock at the time of such purchase. 

The Company is authorized to issue 75,000
shares of Common Stock and 2,000 shares of Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors has authority under the Company s Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to issue shares of preferred stock with voting and other relative rights to be determined by the Board
of Directors. 

(4) Net Income Per Common Share  

Basic income per common share is based
on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income per common share includes the dilutive
effect of potential common shares outstanding. The following table sets forth the reconciliation of weighted average shares outstanding
and diluted weighted average shares outstanding: 

The Convertible Senior Notes (see Note 5) will only be included
in the dilutive net income per share calculations using the treasury stock method during periods in which the average market price
of Aceto s common stock is above the applicable conversion price of the Convertible Senior Notes, or $33.215 per share, and
the impact would not be anti-dilutive. 

8  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 

(5) Debt  

Long-term debt  

Convertible Senior Notes  

In November 2015, Aceto offered $125,000
aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 (the  Notes ) in a private offering to qualified institutional
buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In addition, Aceto granted the initial purchasers for
the offering an option to purchase up to an additional $18,750 aggregate principal amount pursuant to the initial purchasers 
option to purchase additional Notes, which was exercised in November 2015. Therefore the total offering was $143,750 aggregate
principal amount. The Notes are unsecured obligations of Aceto and rank senior in right of payment to any of Aceto s subordinated
indebtedness, equal in right of payment to all of Aceto s unsecured indebtedness that is not subordinated, effectively junior
in right of payment to any of Aceto s secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness
and structurally junior in right of payment to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of Aceto s
subsidiaries. Interest will be payable semi-annually in arrears. The Notes will be convertible into cash, shares of Aceto common
stock or a combination thereof, at Aceto s election, upon the satisfaction of specified conditions and during certain periods.
The Notes will mature in November 2020. The Notes pay 2.0% interest semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year,
which commenced on May 1, 2016. The Notes are convertible into 4,328 shares of common stock, based on an initial conversion price
of $33.215 per share. 

Holders may convert all or any portion
of their notes, in multiples of one thousand dollar principal amount, at their option at any time prior to the close of business
on the business day immediately preceding May 1, 2020 only under the following circumstances: (i) during any calendar quarter (and
only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or
not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar
quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day, (ii) during the five consecutive
business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (which is referred to as the  measurement period )
in which the trading price per one thousand dollar principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was
less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of Aceto s common stock and the conversion rate on each such
trading day; or (iii) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 

Upon conversion
by the holders, the Company may elect to settle such conversion in shares of its common stock, cash, or a combination thereof.
As a result of its cash conversion option, the Company separately accounted for the value of the embedded conversion option as
a debt discount (with an offset to capital in excess of par value). The debt discount is being amortized as additional non-cash
interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the Notes. Debt issuance costs are being amortized as additional
non-cash interest expense using the straight-line method over the term of the debt, since this method was not significantly different
from the effective interest method.  The Company presents debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying value
of the debt liability rather than showing the debt issuance costs as a deferred charge on the balance sheet. 

In connection
with the offering of the Notes, Aceto entered into privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions with option counterparties,
which are affiliates of certain of the initial purchasers. The convertible note hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce
the potential dilution to Aceto s common stock and/or offset any cash payments Aceto is required to make in excess of the
principal amount of converted Notes upon any conversion of Notes. Aceto also entered into privately negotiated warrant transactions
with the option counterparties. The warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market
price per share of Aceto s common stock as measured over the applicable valuation period at the maturity of the warrants
exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. By entering into these transactions with the option counterparties, the Company
issued convertible debt and a freestanding  call-spread.  

9  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 

The carrying value
of the Notes is as follows: 

The following
table sets forth the components of total  interest expense  related to the Notes recognized in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income for the three months ended September 30: 

Credit Facilities  

On October 28, 2015, the Company entered
into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  A R Credit Agreement ), which amended and restated in its entirety
the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2014 with three domestic financial institutions, as amended on June 25, 2015 by Amendment
No. 1 to the Credit Agreement (together, the  First Amended Credit Agreement ). The A R Credit Agreement increases
the aggregate available revolving commitment under the First Amended Credit Agreement from $75,000 to an initial aggregate available
revolving commitment of $150,000 (the  Initial Revolving Commitment ), which may be increased in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the A R Credit Agreement by an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000 (the  Expansion Commitment 
and, together with the Initial Revolving Commitment, the  Revolving Commitment ). Under the A R Credit Agreement,
the Company may borrow, repay and reborrow loans up to the Revolving Commitment from and as of October 28, 2015, to but excluding
the earlier of October 28, 2020 and the termination of the Revolving Commitment, in amounts up to, but not exceeding at any one
time, the Revolving Commitment. The A R Credit Agreement does not provide for any term loan commitment. The proceeds from initial
borrowings under the A R Credit Agreement have been used to repay all amounts outstanding pursuant to the term loan commitment
and revolving loan commitment under Aceto s First Amended Credit Agreement. The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were
used to pay initial borrowings under the A R Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, there were no amounts outstanding
under the A R Credit Agreement. 

The A R Credit Agreement provides for
(i) Eurodollar Loans (as such term is defined in the A R Credit Agreement), (ii) ABR Loans (as such term is defined in the
A R Credit Agreement) or (iii) a combination thereof. Borrowings under the A R Credit Agreement will bear interest per
annum at a base rate or, at the Company s option, LIBOR, plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.00% to 0.75% in the case
of ABR Loans, and 1.00% to 1.75% in the case of Eurodollar Loans. The applicable interest rate margin percentage will be determined
by the Company s senior secured net leverage ratio. 

10  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 

The A R Credit Agreement, similar to
Aceto s First Amended Credit Agreement, provides that commercial letters of credit shall be issued to provide the primary
payment mechanism in connection with the purchase of any materials, goods or services in the ordinary course of business. The Company
had no open letters of credit at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

The A R Credit Agreement, like Aceto s
First Amended Credit Agreement, provides for a security interest in substantially all of the personal property of the Company and
certain of its subsidiaries. The A R Credit Agreement contains several financial covenants including, among other things, maintaining
a minimum level of debt service. Under the A R Credit Agreement, the Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to certain
restrictive covenants, including, among other things, covenants governing liens, limitations on indebtedness, limitations on guarantees,
limitations on sales of assets and sales of receivables, and limitations on loans and investments. The Company was in compliance
with all covenants at September 30, 2016. 

Mortgage  

On June 30, 2011, the Company entered into
a mortgage payable for $3,947 on its corporate headquarters, in Port Washington, New York. This mortgage payable is secured by
the land and building and is being amortized over a period of 20 years. The mortgage payable, which was modified in October 2013,
bears interest at 4.92% per annum as of September 30, 2016 and matures on June 30, 2021. 

(6) Commitments, Contingencies and Other Matters  

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject
to various claims which have arisen in the normal course of business. The Company provides for costs related to contingencies when
a loss from such claims is probable and the amount is reasonably determinable. In determining whether it is possible to provide
an estimate of loss, or range of possible loss, the Company reviews and evaluates its litigation and regulatory matters on a quarterly
basis in light of potentially relevant factual and legal developments. If the Company determines an unfavorable outcome is not
probable or reasonably estimable, the Company does not accrue for a potential litigation loss. While the Company has determined
that there is a reasonable possibility that a loss has been incurred, no amounts have been recognized in the financial statements,
other than what has been discussed below, because the amount of the liability cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

In fiscal years 2011, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
the Company received letters from the Pulvair Site Group, a group of potentially responsible parties (PRP Group) who are working
with the State of Tennessee (the State) to remediate a contaminated property in Tennessee called the Pulvair site. The PRP Group
has alleged that Aceto shipped hazardous substances to the site which were released into the environment. The State had begun administrative
proceedings against the members of the PRP Group and Aceto with respect to the cleanup of the Pulvair site and the PRP Group has
begun to undertake cleanup. The PRP Group is seeking a settlement of approximately $1,700 from the Company for its share to remediate
the site contamination. Although the Company acknowledges that it shipped materials to the site for formulation over twenty years
ago, the Company believes that the evidence does not show that the hazardous materials sent by Aceto to the site have significantly
contributed to the contamination of the environment and thus believes that, at most, it is a de minimis contributor to the site
contamination. Accordingly, the Company believes that the settlement offer is unreasonable. Management believes that the ultimate
outcome of this matter will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition or liquidity. 

The Company has environmental remediation
obligations in connection with Arsynco, Inc. ( Arsynco ), a subsidiary formerly involved in manufacturing chemicals
located in Carlstadt, New Jersey, which was closed in 1993 and is currently held for sale. Based on continued monitoring of the
contamination at the site and the approved plan of remediation, Arsynco received an estimate from an environmental consultant stating
that the costs of remediation could be between $19,700 and $21,500. Remediation commenced in fiscal 2010, and as of September 30,
2016 and June 30, 2016, a liability of $10,035 and $12,532, respectively, is included in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets for this matter. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, $170 environmental remediation charge was recorded and included
in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income. In accordance with GAAP,
management believes that the majority of costs incurred to remediate the site will be capitalized in preparing the property which
is currently classified as held for sale. An appraisal of the fair value of the property by a third-party appraiser supports the
assumption that the expected fair value after the remediation is in excess of the amount required to be capitalized. However, these
matters, if resolved in a manner different from those assumed in current estimates, could have a material adverse effect on the
Company s financial condition, operating results and cash flows when resolved in a future reporting period. 

11  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 

In connection with the environmental remediation
obligation for Arsynco, in July 2009, Arsynco entered into a settlement agreement with BASF Corporation ( BASF ), the
former owners of the Arsynco property. In accordance with the settlement agreement, BASF paid for a portion of the prior remediation
costs and going forward, will co-remediate the property with the Company. The contract requires that BASF pay $550 related to past
response costs and pay a proportionate share of the future remediation costs. Accordingly, the Company had recorded a gain of $550
in fiscal 2009. This $550 gain relates to the partial reimbursement of costs of approximately $1,200 that the Company had previously
expensed. The Company also recorded an additional receivable from BASF, with an offset against property held for sale, representing
its estimated portion of the future remediation costs. The balance of this receivable for future remediation costs as of September
30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 is $4,515 and $5,639, respectively, which is included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

In March 2006, Arsynco received notice
from the EPA of its status as a PRP under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) for
a site described as the Berry s Creek Study Area ( BCSA ). Arsynco is one of over 150 PRPs which have potential
liability for the required investigation and remediation of the site. The estimate of the potential liability is not quantifiable
for a number of reasons, including the difficulty in determining the extent of contamination and the length of time remediation
may require. In addition, any estimate of liability must also consider the number of other PRPs and their financial strength. In
July 2014, Arsynco received notice from the U.S. Department of Interior ( USDOI ) regarding the USDOI s intent
to perform a Natural Resource Damage (NRD) Assessment at the BCSA. Arsynco has to date declined to participate in the development
and performance of the NRD assessment process. Based on prior practice in similar situations, it is possible that the State may
assert a claim for natural resource damages with respect to the Arsynco site itself, and either the federal government or the State
(or both) may assert claims against Arsynco for natural resource damages in connection with Berry's Creek; any such claim with
respect to Berry's Creek could also be asserted against the approximately 150 PRPs which the EPA has identified in connection with
that site. Any claim for natural resource damages with respect to the Arsynco site itself may also be asserted against BASF, the
former owners of the Arsynco property. In September 2012, Arsynco entered into an agreement with three of the other PRPs that had
previously been impleaded into New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, et al. v. Occidental Chemical Corporation, et
al., Docket No. ESX-L-9868-05 (the  NJDEP Litigation ) and were considering impleading Arsynco into the same proceeding.
Arsynco entered into an agreement to avoid impleader. Pursuant to the agreement, Arsynco agreed to (1) a tolling period that would
not be included when computing the running of any statute of limitations that might provide a defense to the NJDEP Litigation;
(2) the waiver of certain issue preclusion defenses in the NJDEP Litigation; and (3) arbitration of certain potential future liability
allocation claims if the other parties to the agreement are barred by a court of competent jurisdiction from proceeding against
Arsynco. In July 2015, Arsynco was contacted by an allocation consultant retained by a group of the named PRPs, inviting Arsynco
to participate in the allocation among the PRPs  investigation and remediation costs relating to the BCSA. Arsynco declined
that invitation. Since an amount of the liability cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, no accrual is recorded for these
potential future costs. The impact of the resolution of this matter on the Company s results of operations in a particular
reporting period is not currently known. 

A subsidiary of the Company markets certain
agricultural protection products which are subject to the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA). FIFRA requires
that test data be provided to the EPA to register, obtain and maintain approved labels for pesticide products. The EPA requires
that follow-on registrants of these products compensate the initial registrant for the cost of producing the necessary test data
on a basis prescribed in the FIFRA regulations. Follow-on registrants do not themselves generate or contract for the data. However,
when FIFRA requirements mandate that new test data be generated to enable all registrants to continue marketing a pesticide product,
often both the initial and follow-on registrants establish a task force to jointly undertake the testing effort. The Company is
presently a member of several such task force groups, which requires payments for such memberships. In addition, in connection
with our agricultural protection business, the Company plans to acquire product registrations and related data filed with the United
States Environmental Protection Agency to support such registrations and other supporting data for several products. The acquisition
of these product registrations and related data filed with the United States Environmental Protection Agency as well as payments
to various task force groups could approximate $1,826 through fiscal 2017. 

12  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 

(7) Fair Value Measurements  

GAAP defines fair value as the price that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly fashion between market participants at the measurement date. GAAP
establishes a fair value hierarchy for those instruments measured at fair value that distinguishes between assumptions based on
market data (observable inputs) and the Company s assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three levels: 

Level 1   Quoted market prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2   Inputs other than Level 1 inputs
that are either directly or indirectly observable; and 

Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are not
corroborated by market data. 

On a recurring basis, Aceto measures at
fair value certain financial assets and liabilities, which consist of cash equivalents, investments and foreign currency contracts.
The Company classifies cash equivalents and investments within Level 1 if quoted prices are available in active markets. Level
1 assets include instruments valued based on quoted market prices in active markets which generally include corporate equity securities
publicly traded on major exchanges. Time deposits are very short-term in nature and are accordingly valued at cost plus accrued
interest, which approximates fair value, and are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. The Company uses foreign
currency futures contracts to minimize the risk caused by foreign currency fluctuation on its foreign currency receivables and
payables by purchasing futures with one of its financial institutions. Futures are traded on regulated U.S. and international exchanges
and represent commitments to purchase or sell a particular foreign currency at a future date and at a specific price. Aceto s
foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 2 as the fair value of these hedges is primarily based on observable
futures foreign exchange rates. At September 30, 2016, the Company had foreign currency contracts outstanding that had a notional
amount of $55,921. Unrealized losses on hedging activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $36 and $251,
respectively, and are included in interest and other income, net, in the consolidated statements of income. The contracts have
varying maturities of less than one year. 

During the fourth quarter of each year,
the Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level using a discounted cash flow model using Level 3 inputs.
Additionally, on a nonrecurring basis, the Company uses fair value measures when analyzing asset impairment. Long-lived assets
and certain identifiable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  If it is determined such indicators are present and the review
indicates that the assets will not be fully recoverable, based on undiscounted estimated cash flows over the remaining amortization
periods, their carrying values are reduced to estimated fair value.  Measurements based on undiscounted cash flows are
considered to be Level 3 inputs. 

In November 2015, the Company issued
$143,750 aggregate principal amount of Notes (see Note 5). Since Aceto has the option to settle the potential conversion of
the Notes in cash, the Company separated the embedded conversion option feature from the debt feature and accounts for each
component separately, based on the fair value of the debt component assuming no conversion option. The calculation of the
fair value of the debt component required the use of Level 3 inputs, and was determined by calculating the fair value of
similar non-convertible debt, using a theoretical borrowing rate of 6.5%.  The value of the
embedded conversion option was determined using an expected present value technique (income approach) to estimate the fair
value of similar non-convertible debt  and included utilization of c onvertible
investors  credit assumptions and high yield bond indices. The Notes approximate a full fair value of $131,800 at
September 30, 2016 giving effect for certain factors, including the term of the Notes, current stock price of Aceto stock and
effective interest rate.  

The carrying values of all financial instruments
classified as a current asset or current liability are deemed to approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these
instruments. The fair values of the Company s notes receivable and short-term and long-term bank loans were based upon current
rates offered for similar financial instruments to the Company. 

13  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 

The following tables summarize the valuation of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities which were determined by using the following inputs at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

(1)  Included in  Accrued expenses  in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016.   

(2)  Included in  Long-term liabilities  in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30,
2016.   

(3)  Included in  Other receivables  in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2016.   

(4)  Included in  Accrued expenses  in the accompanying
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2016. 

(5)  Included in  Long-term liabilities  in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2016.   

(8) Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with
the objective of reducing diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement
of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASU 2016-15. 

14  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which will change
certain aspects of accounting for share-based payments to employees. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting
periods within those years) beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions
of ASU 2016-09. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842)  that replaces existing lease guidance. The new standard is intended to provide enhanced transparency
and comparability by requiring lessees to record right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet.
The new guidance will continue to classify leases as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of
expense recognition in the statement of income. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within
those years) beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASU 2016-02. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
 Income Taxes (Topic 740) Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Assets.  This ASU is intended to simplify the presentation
of deferred taxes on the balance sheet and will require an entity to present all deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
as non-current on the balance sheet. Under the current guidance, entities are required to separately present deferred taxes as
current or non-current. Netting deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities by tax jurisdiction will still be required under
the new guidance. This guidance will be effective for Aceto beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, with early adoption
permitted. The Company does not believe this new accounting standard update will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330)     Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.  This ASU requires that an
entity measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices
in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This
guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) . This ASU provides guidance to determine when and how
to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to assess an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. ASU 2014-15 will be
effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. ASU 2014-15
will be effective for the Company beginning June 30, 2017. The Company does not believe that this pronouncement will have an impact
on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  which is the new comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will
supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The standard's core principle is that a company will recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB subsequently issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers - Deferral of the Effective Date , which approved a one year deferral of ASU 2014-09 for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. In March 2016 and
April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting
Revenue Gross versus Net) , and ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing , respectively, which further clarify the guidance related to those specific topics within ASU 2014-09. Additionally,
in May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,
 to reduce the risk of diversity in practice for certain aspects in ASU 2014-09, including collectibility, noncash consideration,
presentation of sales tax and transition. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption on its consolidated financial
statements. 

(9) Segment Information  

The Company's business is organized along
product lines into three principal segments: Human Health, Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Chemicals. 

Human Health  - includes finished
dosage form generic drugs and nutraceutical products. 

Pharmaceutical Ingredients    includes
pharmaceutical intermediates and active pharmaceutical ingredients ( APIs ). 

15  

ACETO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 (unaudited and in thousands, except per-share
amounts) 

Performance Chemicals  - The Performance
Chemicals segment is made up of two product groups: Specialty Chemicals and Agricultural Protection Products. Specialty Chemicals
include a variety of chemicals used in the manufacture of plastics, surface coatings, cosmetics and personal care, textiles, fuels
and lubricants, perform to their designed capabilities. Dye and pigment intermediates are used in the color-producing industries
such as textiles, inks, paper, and coatings. Organic intermediates are used in the production of agrochemicals. 

Agricultural Protection Products include herbicides, fungicides
and insecticides that control weed growth as well as control the spread of insects and other microorganisms that can severely damage
plant growth. 

The Company's chief operating decision
maker evaluates performance of the segments based on net sales, gross profit and income before income taxes. Unallocated corporate
amounts are deemed by the Company as administrative, oversight costs, not managed by the segment managers. The Company does not
allocate assets by segment because the chief operating decision maker does not review the assets by segment to assess the segments'
performance, as the assets are managed on an entity-wide basis. During all periods presented, our chief operating decision maker
has been the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. In accordance with GAAP, the Company has aggregated certain operating segments
into reportable segments because they have similar economic characteristics, and the operating segments are similar in all of the
following areas: (a) the nature of the products and services; (b) the nature of the production processes; (c) the type or class
of customer for their products and services; (d) the methods used to distribute their products or provide their services; and (e)
the nature of the regulatory environment. 

Three months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(10)
Subsequent Event  

On November 2, 2016, Aceto and two newly-formed
wholly-owned subsidiaries of Rising entered into a product purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Citron
Pharma LLC ( Citron ), Lucid Pharma LLC ( Lucid  and together with Citron, the  Sellers )
and certain related parties to purchase certain launched and unlaunched products and related assets, and assume certain liabilities,
of the Sellers  generic pharmaceutical businesses. The purchase price
is comprised of: (i) $320,000 in cash, of which $270,000 is payable on the closing date of the acquisition and $50,000 is payable
no sooner than the fifth anniversary of the closing date; (ii) approximately 5,122 shares of the Company s common stock,
75% of which will be issued to the Sellers on the third anniversary of the closing and 25% of which will be issued on the fourth
anniversary of the closing, subject to certain acceleration or deferral events; and (iii) up to $50,000 in cash earn-out payments. 

16  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Aceto Corporation 

 Port Washington, NY 

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated
balance sheet of Aceto Corporation and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and related condensed consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and cash flows for the three-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included in the accompanying Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016. These interim financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. 

We conducted our reviews in accordance
with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). A review of interim financial information consists
principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters.
It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly,
we do not express such an opinion. 

Based on our reviews, we are not aware
of any material modifications that should be made to the condensed consolidated financial statements referred to above for them
to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have previously audited, in accordance
with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the consolidated balance sheet of Aceto Corporation and subsidiaries
as of June 30, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders  equity and cash
flows for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated August 26, 2016, we expressed an unqualified opinion
on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet as of June 30, 2016, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which
it has been derived. 

17  

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELATING TO THE SAFE
HARBOR PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 

This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking
statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. The events described in forward-looking statements contained
in this Quarterly Report may not occur. Generally, these statements relate to our business plans or strategies, projected or anticipated
benefits or other consequences of our plans or strategies, financing plans, projected or anticipated benefits from acquisitions
that we may make, or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings or other aspects of our operating results or financial
position, and the outcome of any contingencies. Any such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates
and projections of management. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions for forward-looking
statements. Words such as  may,   will,   expect,   believe,   anticipate, 
 project,   plan,   intend,   estimate,  and  continue,  and their
opposites and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are
not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of
which are beyond our control that may influence the accuracy of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are
based. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statement
include, but are not limited to, our ability to remain competitive with competitors, risks associated with the generic product
industry, dependence on a limited number of suppliers, risks associated with healthcare reform and reductions in reimbursement
rates, difficulty in predicting revenue stream and gross profit, industry and market changes, the effect of fluctuations in operating
results on the trading price of our common stock, risks associated with holding a significant amount of debt, inventory levels,
reliance on outside manufacturers, risks of incurring uninsured environmental and other industry specific liabilities, governmental
approvals and regulations, risks associated with hazardous materials, potential violations of government regulations, product liability
claims, reliance on Chinese suppliers, potential changes to Chinese laws and regulations, potential changes to laws governing our
relationships in India, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, tax assessments, changes in tax rules, global economic
risks, risk of unsuccessful acquisitions, effect of acquisitions on earnings, indemnification liabilities, terrorist activities,
reliance on key executives, litigation risks, volatility of the market price of our common stock, changes to estimates, judgments
and assumptions used in preparing financial statements, failure to maintain effective internal controls, and compliance with changing
regulations, as well as other risks and uncertainties discussed in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including, but not limited to, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and other filings. Copies
of these filings are available at www.sec.gov. 

Any one or more of these uncertainties,
risks and other influences could materially affect our results of operations and whether forward-looking statements made by us
ultimately prove to be accurate. Our actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from those expressed
or implied in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether from new information, future events or otherwise. 

NOTE REGARDING DOLLAR AMOUNTS 

In this quarterly report, all dollar amounts
are expressed in thousands, except for per-share amounts. 

The following
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to provide the
readers of our financial statements with a narrative discussion about our business. The MD A is provided as a supplement to
and should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the accompanying notes.  

18  

Executive Summary 

We are reporting net sales of $128,018
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, which represents a 4.1% decrease from the $133,500 reported in the comparable prior
period. Gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $30,839 and our gross margin was 24.1% as compared to gross
profit of $34,581 and gross margin of 25.9% in the comparable prior period. Our selling, general and administrative costs ( SG A )
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $21,024, an increase of $3,391 from what we reported in the prior period. Our
net income decreased to $4,385, or $0.15 per diluted share, compared to net income of $9,298, or $0.32 per diluted share, in the
prior period. 

Our financial position as of September
30, 2016 remains strong, as we had cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $75,052, working capital of $262,860
and shareholders  equity of $309,823. 

Our business is separated into three principal
segments: Human Health, Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Chemicals. 

Products that fall within the Human Health
segment include finished dosage form generic drugs and nutraceutical products. Aceto sells niche generic prescription products
and over-the-counter pharmaceutical products under the Rising Pharmaceuticals ( Rising ) label to leading wholesalers,
chain drug stores, distributors and mass merchandisers. As part of our asset-light model, products are developed in collaboration
with selected pharmaceutical development partners and with networks of finished dosage form manufacturing partners. Leveraging
our extensive experience supplying active pharmaceutical ingredients and pharmaceutical intermediates, Aceto entered the end-user
segment of the generic pharmaceuticals industry in 2010 through the acquisition of Rising, a U.S. marketer and distributor of finished
dosage form generics founded in the early 1990s. To supplement our organic growth and further expand into the U.S. generic pharmaceuticals
industry, Rising acquired PACK Pharmaceuticals ( PACK ), a national marketer and distributor of generic prescription
and over-the-counter pharmaceutical products, in April, 2014. Rising, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aceto, is an integral component
of Aceto's continued strategy to become a Human Health oriented company. 

According to an IMS Health press release
on April 14, 2016,  total spending on medicines in the U.S. reached $310 billion in 2015 on an estimated net price basis,
up 8.5 percent from the previous year, according to a new report issued today by the IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics.
The surge of new medicines remained strong last year and demand for recently launched brands maintained historically high levels.
The savings from branded medicines facing generic competition were relatively low in 2015, and the impact of price increases on
brands was limited due to higher rebates and price concessions from manufacturers. Specialty drug spending reached $121 billion
on a net price basis, up more than 15 percent from 2014. The study  Medicines Use and Spending in the U.S.: A Review of
2015 and Outlook to 2020  found that longer-term trends continued to play out last year, driven by the Affordable Care
Act and ongoing response to rising overall healthcare costs. Increasingly, healthcare is being delivered by different types of
healthcare professionals and from different facilities, while patients face higher out-of-pocket costs and access barriers. The
outlook for medicine spending through 2020 is for mid-single digit growth, driven by clusters of innovative treatments and offset
by the rising impact of brands facing generic or biosimilar competition.  

Aceto supplies the raw materials used in
the production of nutritional and packaged dietary supplements, including vitamins, amino acids, iron compounds and biochemicals
used in pharmaceutical and nutritional preparations. 

The Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment
has two product groups: Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients ( APIs ) and Pharmaceutical Intermediates. 

We supply APIs to many of the major generic
drug companies, who we believe view Aceto as a valued partner in their effort to develop and market generic drugs. The process
of introducing a new API from pipeline to market spans a number of years and begins with Aceto partnering with a generic pharmaceutical
manufacturer and jointly selecting an API, several years before the expiration of a composition of matter patent, for future genericizing.
We then identify the appropriate supplier, and concurrently utilizing our global technical network, work to ensure they meet standards
of quality to comply with regulations. Our client, the generic pharmaceutical company, will submit the Abbreviated New Drug Application
( ANDA ) for U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approval or European-equivalent approval. The introduction
of the API to market occurs after all the development testing has been completed and the ANDA or European-equivalent is approved
and the patent expires or is deemed invalid. Aceto, at all times, has a pipeline of APIs at various stages of development both
in the United States and Europe. Additionally, as the pressure to lower the overall cost of healthcare increases, Aceto has focused
on, and works very closely with our customers to develop new API opportunities to provide alternative, more economical, second-source
options for existing generic drugs. By leveraging our worldwide sourcing, regulatory and quality assurance capabilities, we provide
to generic drug manufacturers an alternative, economical source for existing API products. 

19  

Aceto has long been a supplier of pharmaceutical
intermediates, the complex chemical compounds that are the building blocks used in producing APIs. These are the critical components
of all drugs, whether they are already on the market or currently undergoing clinical trials. Faced with significant economic pressures
as well as ever-increasing regulatory barriers, the innovative drug companies look to Aceto as a source for high quality intermediates. 

Aceto employs, on occasion, the same second
source strategy for our pharmaceutical intermediates business that we use in our API business. Historically, pharmaceutical manufacturers
have had one source for the intermediates needed to produce their products. Utilizing our global sourcing, regulatory support and
quality assurance network, Aceto works with the large, global pharmaceutical companies, sourcing lower cost, quality pharmaceutical
intermediates that will meet the same high level standards that their current commercial products adhere to. 

The Performance Chemicals segment includes specialty chemicals
and agricultural protection products. 

Aceto is a major supplier to many different
industrial segments providing chemicals used in the manufacture of plastics, surface coatings, cosmetics and personal care, textiles,
fuels and lubricants. The paint and coatings industry produces products that bring color, texture, and protection to houses, furniture,
packaging, paper, and durable goods. Many of today's coatings are eco-friendly, by allowing inks and coatings to be cured by ultraviolet
light instead of solvents, or allowing power coatings to be cured without solvents. These growing technologies are critical in
protecting and enhancing the world's ecology and Aceto is focused on supplying the specialty additives that make modern coating
techniques possible. 

The chemistry that makes much of the modern
world possible is often done by building up simple molecules to sophisticated compounds in step-by-step chemical processes. The
products that are incorporated in each step are known as intermediates and they can be as varied as the end uses they serve, such
as crop protection products, dyes and pigments, textiles, fuel additives, electronics - essentially all things chemical. 

Aceto provides various specialty chemicals
for the food, flavor, fragrance, paper and film industries. Aceto s raw materials are also used in sophisticated technology
products, such as high-end electronic parts used for photo tooling, circuit boards, production of computer chips, and in the production
of many of today's modern gadgets. 

According to an October 17, 2016 Federal Reserve Statistical
Release, in the third quarter of calendar year 2016, the index for consumer durables, which impacts the Specialty Chemicals business
of the Performance Chemicals segment, is expected to grow at an annual rate of 9.4%. 

Aceto s agricultural protection products
include herbicides, fungicides and insecticides, which control weed growth as well as the spread of insects and microorganisms
that can severely damage plant growth. One of Aceto's most widely used agricultural protection products is a sprout inhibitor that
extends the storage life of potatoes. Utilizing our global sourcing and regulatory capabilities, we identify and qualify manufacturers
either producing the product or with knowledge of the chemistry necessary to produce the product, and then file an application
with the U.S. EPA for a product registration. Aceto has an ongoing working relationship with manufacturers in China and India to
determine which of the non-patented or generic, agricultural protection products they produce can be effectively marketed in the
Western world. We have successfully brought numerous products to market. We have a strong pipeline, which includes future additions
to our product portfolio. The combination of our global sourcing and regulatory capabilities makes the generic agricultural market
a niche for us and we will continue to offer new product additions in this market. In the National Agricultural Statistics Services
release dated June 30, 2016, the total crop acreage planted in the United States in 2016 increased 1.5% to 323 million acres from
319 million acres in 2015. The number of peanut acres planted in 2016 decreased 2% from 2015 levels while sugarcane acreage harvested
increased 3% from 2015. In addition, the potato acreage harvested in 2016 declined approximately 3% from the 2015 level. 

20  

We believe our main business strengths
are sourcing, regulatory support, quality assurance and marketing and distribution. We distribute more than 1,100 chemical compounds
used principally as finished products or raw materials in the pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, agricultural, coatings and industrial
chemical industries. With business operations in ten countries, we believe that our global reach is distinctive in the industry,
enabling us to source and supply quality products on a worldwide basis. Leveraging local professionals, we source more than two-thirds
of our products from Asia, buying from approximately 500 companies in China and 200 in India. 

In this MD A, we explain our general
financial condition and results of operations, including, among other things, the following: 

factors that affect our business   

our earnings and costs in the periods presented   

changes in earnings and costs between periods   

sources of earnings   

the impact of these factors on our overall financial condition   

As you read this MD A section, refer
to the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income, which present the results of our operations for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. We analyze and explain the differences between periods in the specific line items of the condensed
consolidated statements of income. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and
Policies 

As disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016,
the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In preparing these financial statements,
we were required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We regularly evaluate our estimates including those related to allowances for
bad debts, revenue recognition, partnered products, inventories, goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets, long-lived assets,
environmental and other contingencies, income taxes and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on various factors, including
historical experience, advice from outside subject-matter experts, and various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under
the circumstances, which together form the basis for our making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Since June 30, 2016, there have been
no significant changes to the assumptions and estimates related to those critical accounting estimates and policies. 

21  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months
Ended September 30, 2015  

Net Sales  

Net sales decreased $5,482, or 4.1%, to
$128,018 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $133,500 for the prior period. We reported sales increases
in our Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Chemicals segments and a decrease in the Human Health segment. 

Human Health  

Net sales for the Human Health segment
decreased by $9,592 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, to $47,889, which represents a 16.7% decrease over net sales
of $57,481 for the prior period, due to a decrease in sales of Rising products of $6,946 and a decline of $2,646 in sales of nutritional
products. The decrease in Rising sales was primarily driven by increased competition and price erosion on certain products in our
generic drugs portfolio. The drop in nutraceutical sales primarily occurred abroad, specifically at our German subsidiary, due
to the timing of the orders in the prior period as one customer requested orders be delivered in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. 

22  

Pharmaceutical Ingredients  

Net sales for the Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment increased
$2,256 or 5.9% to $40,616 when compared to the prior period net sales of $38,360. The increase in sales for this segment was due
primarily to a rise in sales volume of intermediates sold abroad, particularly at our subsidiary in France. 

Performance Chemicals  

Net sales for the Performance Chemicals segment was $39,513
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, representing an increase of $1,854 or 4.9%, from net sales of $37,659 for the prior
period. The primary reason for the increase in net sales for Performance Chemicals was an increase of $2,943 in sales of our agricultural
protection products, predominantly from sales of a fungicide used to prevent disease on pecan crops. The increase in the Agricultural
Protection Products business was partially offset by a decline in domestic sales of products sold by our Specialty Chemicals business,
particularly a $1,203 drop in sales of agricultural intermediates due to a delay in shipments. 

Gross Profit  

Gross profit decreased $3,742 to $30,839
(24.1% of net sales) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $34,581 (25.9% of net sales) for the prior period. 

Human Health  

Human Health segment s gross profit
of $14,205 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $6,104, or 30.1%, over the prior period. The gross margin of
29.7% was lower than the prior period s gross margin of 35.3%. The decrease in gross profit and gross margin in the Human
Health segment predominantly relates to the decline in Rising sales, primarily driven by increased competition on certain products.
In addition, gross profit and gross margin on Rising sales have experienced an unfavorable product mix due to price erosion on
certain products, as well as gross profit pressure, including increased chargebacks, from the consolidation of wholesalers with
retail drug chains. We expect the overall trend will persist, but Aceto will continue to seek to defend its price position. 

Pharmaceutical Ingredients  

Pharmaceutical Ingredients  gross
profit of $6,954 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $840, or 13.7%, over the prior period. The gross margin
of 17.1% was higher than the prior period s gross margin of 15.9%. The increase in gross profit was predominantly the result
of the increase in the sales volume of intermediates sold abroad, specifically by our French operations, as well as favorable product
mix on sales of APIs sold by our German subsidiaries. 

Performance Chemicals  

Gross profit for the Performance Chemicals
segment increased to $9,680 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, versus $8,158 for the prior year, an increase of $1,522,
or 18.7%. The gross margin at 24.5% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was also higher than the prior year s gross
margin of 21.7%. The increase in gross profit was due to a $1,460 rise in gross profit for the Agricultural Protection Products
business, primarily due to increased sales volume of a fungicide used to prevent disease on pecan crops, as well as an herbicide
used to control weeds including both broadleaf weeds and nutsedge. In addition, the Agricultural Protection Products business experienced
a favorable product mix on the sale of an insecticide used on cotton. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  

SG A of $21,024 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 increased $3,391 from $17,633 reported for the prior period. As a percentage of sales, SG A increased from 13.2% to 16.4%
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 versus the prior period. The increase in SG A is due in part to a $1,112 rise
in payroll, fringe benefits, performance awards and stock-based compensation expense, reflecting the hiring of certain key management
personnel as well as annual salary increases. SG A for the current period also included $1,809 of transaction costs related
to the product purchase agreement, as discussed in  Note 10 of the condensed consolidated financial statements ,
as well as a $170 environmental remediation charge related to Arsynco. 

23  

Research and Development Expenses  

Research and development expenses ( R D )
decreased to $1,050 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1,430 for the prior period. R D expenses represent
investment in our generic finished dosage form product pipeline, which includes both Rising and PACK products. The majority of
the R D expenses are milestone based, which was the primary cause for such decrease and will likely cause fluctuation from
quarter to quarter. 

Operating Income  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 operating income
was $8,765 compared to $15,518 in the prior period, a decrease of $6,753 or 43.5%. 

Interest Expense  

Interest expense was $2,233 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $1,479 or 196.2% from the prior period. The increase was primarily due to  $1,223
amortization of the debt discount and $209 amortization of debt issuance costs associated with the offering of Convertible Senior
Notes during fiscal 2016.  

Provision for Income Taxes  

The effective tax rate for the three months ended September
30, 2016 decreased to 35.3% compared to 37.9% for the prior period. The decrease in the effective tax rate was due to the mix of
profits from the lower tax rate jurisdictions of Europe and Asia compared to the Federal tax rate in the United States. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Cash Flows  

At September 30, 2016, we had $73,142 in
cash, of which $39,056 was outside the United States, $1,910 in short-term investments, all of which is held outside the United
States, and $120,172 in long-term debt (including the current portion), all of which is an obligation in the United States. Working
capital was $262,860 at September 30, 2016 compared to $253,755 at June 30, 2016. The $39,056 of cash held outside of the United
States is fully accessible to meet any liquidity needs of our business located in any of the countries in which we operate. The
majority of the cash located outside of the United States is held by our European operations and can be transferred into the United
States. Although these amounts are fully accessible, transferring these amounts into the United States or any other countries could
have certain tax consequences. We intend to indefinitely reinvest these undistributed earnings and have no plan for further repatriation.
A deferred tax liability will be recognized when we expect that we will recover undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries
in a taxable manner, such as through receipt of dividends or sale of the investments. A portion of our cash is held in operating
accounts that are with third party financial institutions. While we monitor daily the cash balances in our operating accounts and
adjust the cash balances as appropriate, these cash balances could be impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail or
are subject to other adverse conditions in the financial markets. To date, we have experienced no loss or lack of access to cash
in our operating accounts. 

Our cash position at September 30, 2016
increased $6,314 from the amount at June 30, 2016. 

24  

Operating activities for the three months ended September 30,
2016 provided cash of $10,650 for this period, as compared to cash provided of $2,974 for the comparable period. The $10,650 resulted
from $4,385 in net income and $7,456 derived from net adjustments for non-cash items less a net $1,191 decrease from changes in
operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash items included $3,168 in depreciation and amortization expense, $1,405 for deferred
income taxes, $1,432 for amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discount and $1,664 in non-cash stock compensation expense,
offset in part by $325 of earnings on an equity investment in a joint venture. Trade accounts receivable decreased $9,141 during
the three months ended September 30, 2016, due predominantly to a decrease in sales of Rising products from the fourth quarter
of 2016, as well as a slight decline in days sales outstanding. Inventories increased by $6,105 and accounts payable increased
by $3,135 due primarily to increased inventories held in stock by our Agricultural Protection Products subsidiary for the anticipated
sale of two herbicides used to control sedge on rice, vegetables and turf and ornamental grasses expected to be shipped in the
third quarter of fiscal 2017. Inventories and accounts payable also increased as a result of a build-up of consignment inventory
at our subsidiary in France for intermediates, the majority of which are expected to be consumed in the second quarter of fiscal
2017. Accrued expenses and other liabilities decreased $6,543 due primarily to a decrease in accrued compensation as fiscal 2016
performance award payments were made in September 2016, as well as the timing of income tax payments. Our cash position at September
30, 2015 decreased $3,190 from the amount at June 30, 2015. Operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2015
provided cash of $2,974 for this period. The $2,974 resulted from $9,298 in net income and $4,949 derived from net adjustments
for non-cash items less a net $11,273 decrease from changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

Investing activities for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 used cash of $3,152. This use of cash reflects purchases of intangible assets and property and equipment
of $2,135 and purchases of investments in time deposits of $1,017. Investing activities for the three months ended September 30,
2015 used cash of $5,772 for purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets of $6,762, partially offset by sales of
investments in time deposits of $1,006. 

Financing activities for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 used cash of $1,381. Financing activities included $1,954 payment of cash dividends offset in part by
$437 of excess income tax benefits on stock option exercises. Financing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2015
used cash of $614 primarily from $10,549 of repayment of bank borrowings and $1,500 payment of contingent consideration to the
former owners of Rising. This use of cash was offset primarily by bank borrowings of $10,500 and $820 of excess income tax benefit
on stock option exercises and restricted stock. 

Credit Facilities  

We have available credit facilities with
certain foreign financial institutions. At September 30, 2016, the Company had available lines of credit with foreign financial
institutions totaling $7,469, all of which are available for borrowing by the respective foreign territories. We are not subject
to any financial covenants under these arrangements. 

On October 28, 2015, the Company entered
into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  A R Credit Agreement ), which amended and restated in its entirety
the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2014 with three domestic financial institutions, as amended on June 25, 2015 by Amendment
No. 1 to the Credit Agreement (together, the  First Amended Credit Agreement ). The A R Credit Agreement increases
the aggregate available revolving commitment under the First Amended Credit Agreement from $75,000 to an initial aggregate available
revolving commitment of $150,000 (the  Initial Revolving Commitment ), which may be increased in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the A R Credit Agreement by an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000 (the  Expansion Commitment 
and, together with the Initial Revolving Commitment, the  Revolving Commitment ). Under the A R Credit Agreement,
the Company may borrow, repay and reborrow loans up to the Revolving Commitment from and as of October 28, 2015, to but excluding
the earlier of October 28, 2020 and the termination of the Revolving Commitment, in amounts up to, but not exceeding at any one
time, the Revolving Commitment. The A R Credit Agreement does not provide for any term loan commitment. The proceeds from initial
borrowings under the A R Credit Agreement have been used to repay all amounts outstanding pursuant to the term loan commitment
and revolving loan commitment under Aceto s First Amended Credit Agreement. The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were
used to pay initial borrowings under the A R Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, there were no amounts outstanding
under the A R Credit Agreement. 

The A R Credit Agreement provides for
(i) Eurodollar Loans (as such term is defined in the A R Credit Agreement), (ii) ABR Loans (as such term is defined in the
A R Credit Agreement) or (iii) a combination thereof. Borrowings under the A R Credit Agreement will bear interest per
annum at a base rate or, at the Company s option, LIBOR, plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.00% to 0.75% in the case
of ABR Loans, and 1.00% to 1.75% in the case of Eurodollar Loans. The applicable interest rate margin percentage will be determined
by the Company s senior secured net leverage ratio. 

25  

The A R Credit Agreement, similar to
Aceto s First Amended Credit Agreement, provides that commercial letters of credit shall be issued to provide the primary
payment mechanism in connection with the purchase of any materials, goods or services in the ordinary course of business. The Company
had no open letters of credit at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

The A R Credit Agreement, like Aceto s
First Amended Credit Agreement, provides for a security interest in substantially all of the personal property of the Company and
certain of its subsidiaries. The A R Credit Agreement contains several financial covenants including, among other things, maintaining
a minimum level of debt service. Under the A R Credit Agreement, the Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to certain
restrictive covenants, including, among other things, covenants governing liens, limitations on indebtedness, limitations on guarantees,
limitations on sales of assets and sales of receivables, and limitations on loans and investments. The Company was in compliance
with all covenants at September 30, 2016. 

Working Capital Outlook  

Working capital was $262,860 at September
30, 2016 versus $253,755 at June 30, 2016. As we have done in connection with the pending acquisition described below, we continually
evaluate possible acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses that are complementary to our own, and such transactions may require
the use of cash, as is the case with our pending acquisition. 

In October 2015, we filed a universal shelf
registration statement with the SEC to allow us to potentially offer an indeterminate principal amount and number of securities
in the future with a proposed maximum aggregate offering price of up to $200,000. Under the shelf registration statement, we have
the flexibility to publicly offer and sell from time to time common stock, debt securities, preferred stock, warrants and units
or any combination of such securities. 

In November 2015, we offered $125,000 aggregate
principal amount of 2% Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule
144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In addition, we granted the initial purchasers for the offering an option to
purchase up to an additional $18,750 aggregate principal amount pursuant to the initial purchasers  option to purchase additional
notes, which was exercised in November 2015. Therefore the total offering was $143,750 aggregate principal amount. The remaining
net proceeds received from the offering, after paying down our credit facilities and costs associated with the offering and a related
hedge transaction, have been or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include funding research, development and
product manufacturing, acquisitions or investments in businesses, products or technologies that are complementary to Aceto s
own, increasing working capital and funding capital expenditures. 

The Company has entered into an agreement
to acquire certain launched and unlaunched products and related assets, and assume certain liabilities, of the generic pharmaceutical
businesses of two New Jersey based companies of which $270,000 is payable
in cash at the closing (see Note 10 of the condensed consolidated financial statements). The Company plans to finance the acquisition
in part from cash on hand, in part from a $150,000 term loan and in part through an increase in the Company s existing revolving
credit facility in an amount to be determined based on market conditions and demand. 

In connection with our agricultural protection
business, we plan to continue to acquire product registrations and related data filed with the United States Environmental Protection
Agency as well as payments to various task force groups, which could approximate $1,826 through fiscal 2017. 

In connection with our environmental remediation
obligation for Arsynco, we anticipate paying $3,663 towards remediation of the property in the next twelve months. 

26  

We believe that our cash, other liquid assets, operating cash
flows, borrowing capacity and access to the equity capital markets, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing
operating expenditures, the repayment of our bank loans and the anticipated continuation of cash dividends for the next twelve
months. 

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with
the objective of reducing diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement
of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASU 2016-15. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which will change
certain aspects of accounting for share-based payments to employees. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting
periods within those years) beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions
of ASU 2016-09. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842)  that replaces existing lease guidance. The new standard is intended to provide enhanced transparency
and comparability by requiring lessees to record right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet.
The new guidance will continue to classify leases as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of
expense recognition in the statement of income. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within
those years) beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASU 2016-02. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
 Income Taxes (Topic 740) Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Assets.  This ASU is intended to simplify the presentation
of deferred taxes on the balance sheet and will require an entity to present all deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
as non-current on the balance sheet. Under the current guidance, entities are required to separately present deferred taxes as
current or non-current. Netting deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities by tax jurisdiction will still be required under
the new guidance. This guidance will be effective for Aceto beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, with early adoption
permitted. The Company does not believe this new accounting standard update will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330)     Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.  This ASU requires that an
entity measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices
in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This
guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) . This ASU provides guidance to determine when and how
to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to assess an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. ASU 2014-15 will be
effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. ASU 2014-15
will be effective for the Company beginning June 30, 2017. The Company does not believe that this pronouncement will have an impact
on its consolidated financial statements. 

27  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  which is the new comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will
supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The standard's core principle is that a company will recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB subsequently issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers - Deferral of the Effective Date , which approved a one year deferral of ASU 2014-09 for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. In March 2016 and
April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting
Revenue Gross versus Net) , and ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing , respectively, which further clarify the guidance related to those specific topics within ASU 2014-09. Additionally,
in May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,
 to reduce the risk of diversity in practice for certain aspects in ASU 2014-09, including collectibility, noncash consideration,
presentation of sales tax and transition. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption on its consolidated financial
statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk 

Market Risk Sensitive Instruments  

The market risk inherent in our market-risk-sensitive
instruments and positions is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in investment market prices, foreign currency exchange-rates
and interest rates. 

Investment Market Price Risk  

We had short-term investments of $1,910
at September 30, 2016 and $881 at June 30, 2016. Those short-term investments consisted of time deposits. Time deposits are short-term
in nature and are accordingly valued at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk  

In order to reduce the risk of foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations, we hedge some of our transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies
applicable to each of our various entities. The instruments used for hedging are short-term foreign currency contracts (futures).
The changes in market value of such contracts have a high correlation to price changes in the currency of the related hedged transactions.
At September 30, 2016, we had foreign currency contracts outstanding that had a notional amount of $55,921. At June 30, 2016 our
outstanding foreign currency contracts had a notional amount of $58,087. The difference between the fair market value of the foreign
currency contracts and the related commitments at inception and the fair market value of the contracts and the related commitments
at September 30, 2016 was not material. 

We are subject to risk from changes in
foreign exchange rates for our subsidiaries that use a foreign currency as their functional currency and are translated into U.S.
dollars. These changes result in cumulative translation adjustments, which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss). On September 30, 2016, we had translation exposure to various foreign currencies, with the most significant being the Euro.
The potential loss as of September 30, 2016, resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in quoted foreign currency exchange
rates amounted to $8,369. On June 30, 2016 such potential loss amounted to $8,143. Actual results may differ. 

Interest rate risk  

Due to our financing, investing and cash-management
activities, we are subject to market risk from exposure to changes in interest rates. We utilize a balanced mix of debt maturities
along with both fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates. Our financial instrument
holdings were analyzed to determine their sensitivity to interest rate changes. In this sensitivity analysis, we used the same
change in interest rate for all maturities. All other factors were held constant. If there were an adverse change in interest rates
of 10%, the expected effect on net income related to our financial instruments would be immaterial. However, there can be no assurances
that interest rates will not significantly affect our results of operations. 

28  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ))
are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, with assistance from other members of our management, have reviewed the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016 and, based on their evaluation, have concluded that the disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of such date. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during our fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

As previously described in our Form 10-K
for the year ended June 30, 2016, we are subject to various environmental proceedings for which there were no material changes
during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

In addition to the other information set
forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors disclosed under Part I -  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
in our Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016 which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
results and cash flows. The risks and uncertainties described in our Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016 are not the only
ones we face. Additionally, risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds  

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

10.1  
       
      Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2015, by and among Aceto Corporation, the other loan parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent, and the lenders party thereto.   

29  

*Furnished, not filed 

30  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ACETO CORPORATION  

DATE  
      November 3, 2016  

BY  
      /s/ Salvatore Guccione  

Salvatore Guccione, President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

DATE  
      November 3, 2016  

BY  
      /s/ Douglas Roth  

Douglas Roth, Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

31  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 t1600652_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

EXECUTION COPY  

AMENDMENT NO. 2 

dated as of August 26, 2016 

to 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of October 28, 2015 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2
(this   Amendment  ) is made as of August 26, 2016 by and among Aceto Corporation (the   Borrower  ),
Aceto Agricultural Chemicals Corporation, Rising Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Pack Pharmaceuticals, LLC (collectively with the Borrower,
the   Loan Parties  ), the financial institutions listed on the signature pages hereof and JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A., as Administrative Agent (the   Administrative Agent  ), under that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
dated as of October 28, 2015 by and among the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Syndication Agent and the Administrative Agent (as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the   Credit Agreement  ). Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

WHEREAS, the Borrower
has requested that the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree to a certain amendment to the Credit Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Loan Parties,
the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent have so agreed on the terms and conditions set forth herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Loan Parties, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent hereby
agree to enter into this Amendment. 

1.             Amendment
to the Credit Agreement . Effective as of the date of satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in  Section 2 
below, the parties hereto agree that the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

(a)           Section
1.01  of the Credit Agreement is amended to add the following definitions thereto in the appropriate alphabetical order: 

Bail-In
Action   means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect
of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 

Bail-In
Legislation   means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European
Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is
described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

EEA
Financial Institution   means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision
of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described
in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution
described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA
Member Country   means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA
Resolution Authority   means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority
of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule   means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or
any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

Write-Down
and Conversion Powers   means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such
EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down
and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

(b)          The
definition of  Defaulting Lender  set forth in  Section 1.01  of the Credit Agreement is amended to amend and
restate clause (d) thereof to read as  (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action . 

(c)           Section
2.20  of the Credit Agreement is amended to add the words  or a Bail-In Action  immediately after the words  a
Bankruptcy Event  appearing therein. 

(d)           Article
III  of the Credit Agreement is amended to add a new  Section 3.22  thereto immediately at the end thereof as follows: 

SECTION
3.22.  EEA Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution.  

(e)           Section
6.14  of the Credit Agreement is amended to restate the first proviso appearing therein in its entirety as follows: 

provided 
(a) if (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would arise after giving effect (including giving
effect on a pro forma basis) thereto, and (ii) at the time of and immediately after giving effect (including giving effect on a
pro forma basis) thereto the Borrower is in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.12(a), (b) and (c),
the Borrower may make quarterly dividends and distributions to its shareholders which have been approved by the Board of Directors
of the Borrower, consistent with past practices of the Borrower prior to the Effective Date, (b) if (i) no Default or Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing or would arise after giving effect (including giving effect on a pro forma basis) thereto,
(ii) at the time of and immediately after giving effect (including giving effect on a pro forma basis) thereto (A) the Borrower
is in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Sections 6.12(a), (b) and (c) and (B) (I) the Total Net Leverage Ratio
is less than or equal to a ratio equal to (x) the numerator of the maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio permitted under Section 6.12(a)
at such time  minus  0.25 to (y) 1.00, and (II) the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to a ratio
equal to (x) the numerator of the maximum Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio permitted under Section 6.12(b) at such time
 minus  0.25 to (y) 1.00, the Borrower may make repurchases of its capital stock, (c) any wholly-owned Domestic
Subsidiary of the Borrower may make dividends or distributions to its shareholders or members, and (d) any Foreign Subsidiary
at least 70% of the outstanding Equity Interests of which is owned by the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries may make dividends or
distributions to its shareholders or members  

(f)           Article
IX  of the Credit Agreement is amended to add a new  Section 9.20  thereto immediately at the end thereof as follows: 

SECTION
9.20  Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any
Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that
any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may
be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges
and agrees to be bound by: 

(a)          the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which
may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 

(b)          the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i)          a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii)         a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution,
its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other
instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or
any other Loan Document; or 

(iii)        the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution
Authority.  

2.             Conditions
of Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the following conditions precedent: 

(a)          The
Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Loan Parties, the Required Lenders,
the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent. 

(b)          The
Administrative Agent shall have received for the account of each Lender party hereto that delivers its executed signature page
to this Amendment by no later than the date and time specified by the Administrative Agent, an amendment fee in an amount equal
to $5,000. 

(c)          The
Administrative Agent shall have received payment and/or reimbursement of the Administrative Agent s and its affiliates 
fees and out-of-pocket expenses (including, to the extent invoiced, reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the
Administrative Agent) in connection with the Loan Documents and required to be paid pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 

3.             Representations
and Warranties of the Loan Parties . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants as follows: 

(a)          This
Amendment and the Credit Agreement as modified hereby constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Loan Party and are
enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with their terms except to the extent that enforcement may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally or by equitable
principles of general application, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(b)          As
of the date hereof and after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties
set forth in the Loan Documents, as amended hereby, are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation
or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) with the same effect as though made on and as
of the date of this Amendment (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as
of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct only as of such specified date) and (ii) no Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing. 

4.             Reference
to and Effect on the Credit Agreement . 

(a)          Upon
the effectiveness hereof, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall mean
and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 

(b)          Each
Loan Document and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith shall remain
in full force and effect. 

(c)          Except
with respect to the subject matter hereof, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver
of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit
Agreement, the Loan Documents or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith. 

(d)          This
Amendment is a Loan Document under (and as defined in) the Credit Agreement. 

5.             Consent
and Reaffirmation . Without in any way establishing a course of dealing by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, each of the
undersigned Loan Parties consents to the Amendment and reaffirms the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, the Security
Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and any other Loan Document executed by it and acknowledges and agrees that the Credit Agreement,
the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and each and every such Loan Document executed by the undersigned in connection with
the Credit Agreement remains in full force and effect and is hereby reaffirmed, ratified and confirmed. 

6.             Governing
Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts)
of the State of New York. 

7.             Headings .
Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this
Amendment for any other purpose. 

8.             Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts
taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page
of this Amendment by telecopy, e-mailed.pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature
page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day
and year first above written. 

ACETO CORPORATION,  

as the Borrower  

By:  
      /s/ Douglas A. Roth  

Name:  
      Douglas A. Roth  

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer/Senior VP  

ACETO AGRICULTURAL CHEMICALS CORPORATION,  

as a Loan Party  

By:  
      /s/ Douglas A. Roth  

Name:  
      Douglas A. Roth  

Title:  
      Vice President  

RISING PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.,  

as a Loan Party  

By:  
      /s/ Douglas A. Roth  

Name:  
      Douglas A. Roth  

Title:  
      Vice President  

PACK PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC,  

as a Loan Party  

By:  
      /s/ Douglas A. Roth  

Name:  
      Douglas A. Roth  

Title:  
      Vice President  

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
as of October 28, 2015 

 Aceto Corporation 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,  

individually as a Lender, as the Swingline Lender, as an Issuing Bank and as Administrative Agent  

By:  
      /s/ Anthony Abbate  

Name:  
      Anthony Abbate  

Title:  
      Authorized Officer  

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
as of October 28, 2015 

 Aceto Corporation 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  

individually as a Lender and as an Issuing Bank  

By:  
      /s/ Michael Zick  

Name:  
      Michael Zick  

Title:  
      Vice President  

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
as of October 28, 2015 

 Aceto Corporation 

CITIBANK, N.A.,  

as a Lender  

By:  
      /s/ Stuart N. Berman  

Name:  
      Stuart N. Berman  

Title:  
      Authorized Signatory  

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
as of October 28, 2015 

 Aceto Corporation 

CAPITAL ONE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  

as a Lender  

By:  
      /s/ Paul Darrigo  

Name:  
      Paul Darrigo  

Title:  
      Senior Vice President  

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
as of October 28, 2015 

 Aceto Corporation 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-15.1>
 3
 t1600652_ex15-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 15.1

Exhibit 15.1  

November 3, 2016 

Aceto Corporation 

 Port Washington, New York 

We are aware that Aceto Corporation and
subsidiaries has incorporated by reference in its Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-207394) and Form S-8 (No. 333-209693,
No. 333-187353, No. 333-174834, No. 333-149586, No. 33-38679, No. 333-90929, and No. 333-110653) our report dated November 3, 2016,
relating to the Company s unaudited interim consolidated financial statements appearing in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Pursuant to Regulation C under the Securities Act of 1933, that report is not considered
a part of the registration statement prepared or certified by our firm or a report prepared or certified by our firm within the
meaning of Sections 7 and 11 of the Act. It should be noted that we have not performed any procedures subsequent to November 3,
2016. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

Melville, New York 

</EX-15.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 t1600652_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Salvatore Guccione, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aceto Corporation (the  Registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 3, 2016  

/s/   Salvatore Guccione  

President and Chief Executive Officer  
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 t1600652_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Douglas Roth, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aceto Corporation (the  Registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 3, 2016  

/s/   Douglas Roth  

Chief Financial Officer   
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 t1600652_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Aceto Corporation, a New York corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Salvatore Guccione, President
and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Salvatore Guccione  

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 3, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 t1600652_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Aceto Corporation, a New York corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Douglas Roth, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

/s/ Douglas Roth  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

November 3, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 acet-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 acet-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 acet-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 acet-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 acet-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 acet-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

