<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161228_10-K_edgar_data_720154_0001144204-16-141558_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6869323</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>237027</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>358255</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1839219</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3064498</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1221030</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>118</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-141558.hdr.sgml : 20161228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161228161518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-141558
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000720154
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				351345024
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23357
		FILM NUMBER:		162072768

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 KENT AVE
		CITY:			WEST LAFAYETT
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47906-1382
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3174634527

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 KENT AVENUE
		CITY:			WEST LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47906-1382

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-141558.txt : 20161228

10-K
 1
 v455204_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K   

(Mark One) 

Commission File Number 000-23357 

BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS, INC.  

(Exact name of the registrant as specified
in its charter) 

INDIANA  
         (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
        or organization)  

35-1345024  
         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to section
12(g) of the Act: Common Shares 

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES  o         NO
 x  

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES  o         NO
 x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES  x         NO
 o  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES   x          NO
 o   

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.          x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

 Large accelerated filer  o
 Accelerated filer  o  Non-accelerated filer  o
 Smaller Reporting Company  x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES  o         NO
 x  

Based on the closing price on the NASDAQ Capital Market on March 31,2016,
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $7,745,000.
As of December 22, 2016, 8,107,388 of registrant's common shares were outstanding.  

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement to be delivered
to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders have been incorporated by reference into Part III of this
report. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS    

Page    

PART I    

Item 1.  
       Business   
      3   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      16   
 
      Item 1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      25   
 
      Item 2.  
       Properties   
      25   
 
      Item 3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      25   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      25   
 
        PART II    

Item 5.  
       Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      26   
 
      Item 6.  
       Selected Financial Data   
      26   
 
      Item 7.  
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      27   
 
      Item 7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      40   
 
      Item 8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      41   
 
      Item 9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      66   
 
      Item 9A.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      66   
 
      Item 9B.  
       Other Information   
      66   
 
        PART III    

Item 10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      67   
 
      Item 11.  
       Executive Compensation   
      68   
 
      Item 12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      68   
 
      Item 13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      68   
 
      Item 14.  
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
      68   
 
        PART IV    

Item 15.  
       Exhibits,  Financial Statement Schedules   
      68   

PART I  

This Report may
contain  forward-looking statements,  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Those statements may include, but are not limited to, discussions
regarding our intent, belief or current expectations with respect to (i) our strategic plans; (ii) our future profitability, liquidity
and capital resources; (iii) our capital requirements; (iv) industry trends affecting our financial condition or results of operations;
(v) our sales or marketing plans; or (vi) our growth strategy. Investors in our common shares are cautioned that reliance on any
forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties, including the risk factors beginning on page 16 of this Report. Although
we believe that the assumptions on which the forward-looking statements contained herein are based are reasonable, any of those
assumptions could prove inaccurate and, as a result, the forward-looking statements based upon those assumptions could be significantly
different from actual results. In light of the uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statement, the inclusion of a forward-looking
statement herein should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. We do not undertake
any obligation to update any forward-looking statement.   

(Dollar amounts
in thousands, except per share data, unless otherwise noted.)  

ITEM 1   BUSINESS   

Recent Events  

Credit Facility  

During fiscal 2016,
Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. ( We  the  Company , or  BASi ) has operated either in default
of, or under forbearance arrangements with respect to, its credit agreements with Huntington National Bank ( Huntington Bank ),
as more fully described under  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
Liquidity and Capital Resources   Credit Facility.  Effective October 31, 2016, we entered into a Fourth Forbearance
Agreement and Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the  Fourth Forbearance Agreement ) with Huntington Bank. Pursuant
to the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, Huntington Bank agreed to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies under the Company s
credit facility and from terminating the Company s related swap agreement with respect to the Company s non-compliance
with applicable financial covenants under the credit agreement and any further non-compliance with such covenants until January
31, 2017. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness before the end of the forbearance period, and were Huntington Bank to
demand payment on the outstanding debt under our credit arrangements, we would have insufficient funds to satisfy that obligation.
In such case, in addition to the ability to immediately demand payment of the outstanding debt under our term loan and revolving
loan, Huntington Bank would have the right to exercise its security interest, to take possession of or sell the underlying collateral,
to increase interest accruing on the debt, to refrain from making additional advances under the revolving loan, and to terminate
our interest rate swap. 

The Company s
Board of Directors has directed management to seek alternatives that will enable the Company to repay its indebtedness to Huntington
Bank in full upon the expiration of the forbearance period. The Company continues to pursue liquidity alternatives, including but
not limited to, the potential disposition of certain of its assets and the sale of its West Lafayette facilities. Management has
been reviewing details of all current account management and marketing programs as well as all invoicing and top line growth initiatives.
Management also has been, and continues to be, actively engaged in more effectively controlling operating costs in the short-term
as we strive for long-term stabilization. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to resolve our liquidity issues on satisfactory
terms, or at all. 

General  

The Company is an international
contract research organization providing drug discovery and development services and analytical instruments. Our mission is to
provide drug developers with superior scientific research and innovative analytical instrumentation, which saves time, saves money,
and saves lives, to bring revolutionary new drugs to market quickly and safely. Our strategy is to provide services that will generate
high-quality and timely data in support of new drug approval or use expansion. Our customers and partners include pharmaceutical,
biotechnology, academic and government organizations. We provide innovative technologies and products and a commitment to quality
to help customers and partners accelerate the development of safe and effective therapeutics and maximize the returns on their
research and development investments. We offer an efficient, variable-cost alternative to our customers' internal product development
programs. Outsourcing development work to reduce overhead and speed drug approvals through the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA )
is an established alternative to in-house development among pharmaceutical companies. We derive our revenues from sales of our
research services and drug development instruments, both of which are focused on determining drug safety and efficacy. The Company
has been involved in the research of drugs to treat numerous therapeutic areas for over 40 years since its formation as a corporation
organized in Indiana in 1974. 

We support the preclinical
and clinical development needs of researchers and clinicians for small molecule and large biomolecule drug candidates. We believe
our scientists have the skills in analytical instrumentation development, chemistry, computer software development, physiology,
medicine, analytical chemistry and toxicology to make the services and products we provide increasingly valuable to our current
and potential customers. Our principal customers are scientists engaged in analytical chemistry, drug safety evaluation, clinical
trials, drug metabolism studies, pharmacokinetics and basic research from small start-up biotechnology companies to many of the
largest global pharmaceutical companies. We are committed to bringing scientific expertise, quality and speed to every drug discovery
and development program to help our customers develop safe and effective life-changing medicines. 

Developments within
the industries we serve have a direct, and sometimes material, impact on our operations. Currently, many large pharmaceutical companies
have major  block-buster  drugs that are nearing the end of their patent protections. This puts significant pressure
on these companies both to develop new drugs with large market appeal, and to re-evaluate their cost structures and the time-to-market
of their products. Contract research organizations ( CROs ) have benefited from these developments, as the pharmaceutical
industry has turned to out-sourcing to both reduce fixed costs and to increase the speed of research and data development necessary
for new drug applications. The number of significant drugs that have reached or are nearing the end of their patent protection
has also benefited the generic drug industry. Generic drug companies provide a significant source of new business for CROs as they
develop, test and manufacture their generic compounds. 

A significant portion
of innovation in the pharmaceutical industry is now being driven by biotech and small, venture capital funded drug development
companies. Many of these companies are  single-molecule  entities, whose success depends on one innovative compound.
While several of the biotech companies have reached the status of major pharmaceuticals, the industry is still characterized by
smaller entities. These developmental companies generally do not have the resources to perform much of the research within their
organizations, and are therefore dependent on the CRO industry for both their research and for guidance in preparing their FDA
submissions. These companies have provided significant new opportunities for the CRO industry, including us. They do, however,
provide challenges in selling, as they frequently have only one product in development, which causes CROs to be unable to develop
a flow of projects from a single company. These companies may expend all of their available funds and cease operations prior to
fully developing a product. Additionally, the funding of these companies is subject to investment market fluctuations, which changes
as the risk profiles and appetite of investors change. 

Industry Overview   

Drug discovery and
development is the process of creating drugs for the treatment of human disease. The drug discovery process aims to identify potential
drug candidates, while the drug development process involves the testing of these drug candidates in animals and humans to meet
regulatory requirements. The process for researching and developing new medicines is growing in difficulty and length. On average,
it takes at least ten years for a new medicine to complete the journey from initial discovery to the marketplace, with clinical
trials alone taking six to seven years on average. The average cost to research and develop each successful drug is estimated to
be $2.6 billion. This number incorporates the cost of failures   of the thousands and sometimes millions of compounds that
may be screened and assessed early in the R D process, only a few of which will ultimately receive approval. The overall probability
of clinical success (the likelihood that a drug entering clinical testing will eventually be approved) is estimated to be less
than 12%. 

The drug development
services industry provides independent product development services to pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and government
organizations. This industry has evolved from providing limited clinical trial services in the 1970s to a full-service industry
today characterized by broader relationships with customers and by service offerings that encompass the entire drug development
process, including preclinical evaluations, study design, clinical trial management, data collection, biostatistical analyses,
regulatory consulting, clinical laboratory and diagnostic services, pre- and post-approval safety analysis, product registration
and post-approval support. 

Over the past 25 years,
technological advances, as well as the emergence of the biotechnology industry, have dramatically changed the drug discovery process.
New and improved technologies have evolved such as ultra-high-throughput screening, new in vitro and in vivo preclinical profiling
techniques and the gene-based drug research commonly referred to as genomics. The objective of these innovations is to find more
drug targets and to screen chemical compounds against targets much more quickly, with literally millions of compounds possible.
This process is expected to produce many more molecules having the ability to affect biological activity. These molecules then
need to be tested quickly and economically to determine their viability as potentially safe and effective drug candidates. 

Trends Affecting the Drug Discovery
and Development Industry  

Our services and products
are marketed globally   to pharmaceutical, medical research and biotechnology companies and institutions (academic and governmental)
engaged in drug research and development. The research services industry is highly fragmented among many niche vendors led by a
small number of larger companies; the latter offer an ever-growing portfolio of start-to-finish pharmaceutical development services.
Our services and products may have distinctly different customers (often separate divisions in a single large pharmaceutical company)
and requirements. We believe that market trends in the pharmaceutical and biotech industries demonstrate an increasing emphasis
towards outsourcing, as companies seek to maintain reduced internal resources in favor of variable models that offer high quality
and higher accountability alternatives to meet their drug discovery, development and manufacturing needs. We believe that our customers
are facing increased pressure to outsource facets of their research and development activities and that the following factors will
increase customer outsourcing. 

Accelerated Drug Development   

Customers continue
to require faster, more efficient, more selective development of an increasing pool of drug candidates. Consequently, our customers
require fast, high-quality service in order to make well-informed decisions to quickly exclude poor candidates and speed development
of successful ones. The need for additional development capacity to exploit more opportunities, accelerate development, extend
market exclusivity and increase profitability drives the demand for outsourced services. 

Increase in Potential New Drug Candidates   

While research and
development spending and the number of drug candidates are increasing, the time and cost required to develop a new drug candidate
also have increased. Many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies do not have sufficient internal resources to pursue development
of all of these new drug candidates on their own. Consequently, these companies are looking to the drug discovery and development
services industry for cost-effective, innovative and rapid means of developing new drugs. 

Cost Pressures of Introducing New
Drugs   

Market forces, healthcare
reform and other governmental initiatives place significant pressures on pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to reduce drug
prices. In addition, increased competition as a result of patent expiration, market acceptance of generic drugs, and governmental
and privately managed care organization efforts to reduce healthcare costs have added to drug pricing pressures. The industry is
responding by consolidating, streamlining operations, decentralizing internal discovery and development processes, and minimizing
fixed costs. In addition, increased pressures to differentiate products and justify drug pricing are resulting in an increased
focus on healthcare economics, safety monitoring and commercialization services. Moreover, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies
are attempting to increase the speed and efficiency of internal new drug discovery and development processes. 

Patent Expiration   

As exclusivity ends
with patent expiry, drug companies defend their proprietary positions against generic competition with various patent extension
strategies. Both the drug company creating these extensions and the generic competitors should provide additional opportunities
for us. 

Alliances   

Strategic alliances
allow pharmaceutical companies to share research know-how and to develop and market new drugs faster in more diverse, global markets.
We believe that such alliances will lead to a greater number of potential drugs in testing, many under study by small companies
lacking broad technical resources. Those small companies can add shareholder value by further developing new products through outsourcing,
reducing risk for potential allies.  Customers seek realistic business partnerships with their service provider in an effort
to ensure that costs are controlled as their development programs progress. We have long-standing business relationships with many
pharmaceutical companies and continue to offer flexible services and adapt to our customer s requirements. 

Mergers and Acquisitions   

Consolidation in the
pharmaceutical industry is commonplace. As firms blend personnel, resources and business activities, we believe they will continue
to streamline operations and minimize staffing, which may lead to more outsourcing. Consolidation may result in a disruption in
the progress of drug development programs as merging companies rationalize their respective drug development pipelines. 

Biotechnology Industry and Virtual
Drug Company Growth   

The U.S. biotechnology
industry has grown rapidly over the last decade and has emerged as a key customer segment for the drug discovery and development
services industry. In recent years, this industry has generated significant numbers of new drug candidates that will require development
and regulatory approval. Many biotechnology drug developers do not have in-house resources to conduct development. Many new companies
choose only to carry a product to a developed stage sufficient to attract a partner who will manufacture and market the drug. Because
of the time and cost involved, these companies rely heavily on CROs to conduct research for their drug candidates. 

Unique Technical Expertise   

The increasing complexity
of new drugs requires highly specialized, innovative, solution-driven research not available in all customer labs. We believe that
this need for unique technical expertise will increasingly lead to outsourcing of research activity. 

Data Management and Quality Expertise   

Our customers and the
FDA require more data, greater access to that data, consistent and auditable management of that data, and greater security and
control of that data. We have made significant investments in software throughout our contract services groups to optimize efficiency
and ensure compliance with FDA regulations and market expectations. 

Changes in the Regulatory Environment

The drug discovery
and development process is heavily regulated by the FDA and its Center for Drug Evaluation and Research. Recent product safety
concerns, increases in drug and general healthcare costs and the emergence of importation issues have placed the FDA and other
regulatory agencies under increased scrutiny. The war on terror, the risk of global vaccine shortages and the threat of new potential
pandemics have elevated the FDA s focus on research in the areas of bioterrorism and vaccine development. As a result of
these and other events, drug safety, cost and availability are under intense monitoring and review by Congress, the FDA and other
government agencies. In 2007, primarily in response to the FDA s handling of post market data and recent drug safety concerns,
the FDA Act was signed into law. In addition to reauthorizing and amending various provisions that were scheduled to expire, this
Act provided the FDA with new regulatory authority to require drug sponsors to run post-approval studies and clinical trials and
develop and implement risk evaluation and mitigation strategies. It is also likely that additional legislation will be passed that
will impact the FDA and drug development and approval process in the United States. The FDA Act, continued drug safety issues and
future legislation could have a lasting and pronounced impact on the drug discovery and development industry. 

Globalization of the Marketplace   

Foreign firms rely
on independent development companies like ours with experience in the U.S. to provide integrated services through all phases of
product development and to assist in preparing complex regulatory submissions. Domestic drug firms are broadening product availability
globally, demanding local regulatory approval. We believe that domestic service providers such as us with global reach, established
regulatory expertise, and a broad range of integrated development services and products will benefit from this trend. 

Our Solution   

We address the needs
of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, as well as academic, non-profit and government organizations, for drug discovery
and development by providing integrated products and services to help our customers maximize the return on their research and development
investments. Our application of innovative technologies and products and our commitment to quality throughout the drug discovery
and development process offer our customers a way to identify and develop successful drugs and devices more quickly and cost-effectively.
We have obtained significant drug development expertise from more than 40 years of operation. 

The Company's Role in the Drug Development
Process  

After a new drug candidate
is identified and carried through preliminary screening, the development process for new drugs has three distinct phases. 

1)          The   preclinical phase   
 includes safety testing to prepare an Investigational New Drug ( IND ) application for submission to the FDA. The
IND must be accepted by the FDA before the drug can be tested in humans. Once a pharmacologically active molecule is fully analyzed
to confirm its integrity, the initial dosage form for clinical trials is created. An analytical chemistry method is developed to
enable reliable quantification. Stability and purity of the formulation are also determined.  

Customers work with
our preclinical services group to establish pharmacokinetics (PK), pharmacodynamics (PD) and safety testing of the new drug. These
safety studies range from dose ranging studies, that involve acute safety monitoring of drugs and medical devices to chronic, multi-year
oncogenicity and reproductive toxicity studies. Dose formulation analysis is provided by our pharmaceutical analysis group. Bioanalyses
of blood sampled under these protocols by our bioanalytical services group provide pharmacokinetic and metabolism data that is
used with the safety and toxicity information to determine the exposure required to demonstrate toxicity. A no effect level is
then established for the drug and sets the basis for future dose levels in further safety testing and clinical phase I studies.
Upon successful completion of preclinical safety studies, an IND submission is prepared and provided to the FDA for review prior
to human clinical trials. 

Many of our products
are designed for use in discovery and preclinical development. The  Culex   family of robotic automated dose delivery,
blood and other biofluids sampling and physiological parameters measurement systems enable researchers to quickly and cost effectively
determine PK/PD profiles of drugs in large and small animal models. The  Culex   system allows experiments on freely moving
conscious animals from early research for therapeutic target validation to lead optimization of compounds. Using the  Culex  
system, researchers are able to automatically dose and sample in-vivo to develop pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profiles of
drugs during early screening in rodents and other animals quickly and cost effectively. Our bioanalytical services group utilizes
our depth of expertise in liquid chromatography with detection by mass spectrometry to support research, preclinical and clinical
programs. We also offer bioanalytical services that utilize electrochemistry, spectrophotometric (UV/Vis or fluorescence) and Corona
Discharge detection as options. We have invested heavily in robotics and mass spectrometry systems. Application of this technology
allows us to rapidly develop and validate methods for new compounds and obtain information suitable for regulatory submission. 

2)          The   clinical phase   
 further explores the safety and efficacy of the drug candidate in humans. The sponsor conducts Phase I human clinical trials
in a limited number of healthy individuals to determine safety and tolerability. Bioanalytical assays determine the availability
and metabolism of the active ingredient following administration. Expertise in method development and validation is critical, particularly
for new chemical entities. 

Exhaustive safety,
tolerability and dosing regimens are established in sick patients in Phase II trials. Phase III clinical trials verify efficacy
and safety. After successful completion of Phase III trials, the sponsor of the new drug submits a New Drug Application ( NDA )
or Product License Application ( PLA ) to the FDA requesting that the product be approved for marketing. Early manufacturing
demonstrates production of the substance in accordance with FDA Good Manufacturing Practices ( GMP ) guidelines. Data
are compiled in an NDA, or for biotechnology products a PLA, for submission to the FDA requesting approval to market the drug or
product. The bioanalytical sample count per study grows rapidly from Phase I through Phase III. Phase II and III studies may take
several years to complete, supported by well-proven, consistently applied analytical methods. 

Our services include
evaluation of bioequivalence and bioavailability to monitor the rate and extent to which a drug is available in the body and to
demonstrate that the availability is consistent between formulations. We also offer in-vitro bioequivalence testing for non-absorbed
oral drugs. We offer support and testing services in clinical sample development, release and stability. 

3)          The   Post-approval phase   follows
FDA approval of the NDA or PLA. This includes production and continued analytical and clinical monitoring of the drug. The post-approval
phase also includes development and regulatory approval of product modifications and line extensions, including improved dosage
forms. The drug manufacturer must comply with quality assurance and quality control requirements throughout production and must
continue analytical and stability studies of the drug during commercial production to continue to validate production processes
and confirm product shelf life. Samples from each manufactured batch must be tested prior to release of the batch for distribution
to the public.  

We also provide services
in all areas during the post-approval phase, including bioequivalence studies of new formulations, line extensions, new disease
indications and drug interaction studies. Our ability to offer GMP electrochemical detection services has provided increased business
opportunities for release testing. 

Increases in our services
offerings have resulted in our ability to provide a broader range of services to our customers, often using combined services of
several disciplines to address customer needs. Our ability to solve customer problems by combining our knowledge base, services
and products has been a factor in our selection by major pharmaceutical companies to assist in several preclinical through post-approval
phases. 

Company Services and Products  

Overview   

We focus on developing
innovative services and products that increase efficiency and reduce costs associated with taking new drugs to market. We operate
in two business segments   contract research services and research products, both of which address the bioanalytical, preclinical,
and clinical research needs of drug developers. Both segments arose out of our expertise in a number of core technologies designed
to quantify trace chemicals in complex matrices. 

Contract Research Services   

The contract research
services segment provides screening and pharmacological testing, preclinical safety testing, formulation development, regulatory
compliance and quality control testing. Revenues from the contract research services segment were $15.9 million for fiscal 2016.
The following is a description of the services provided by our contract research services segment: 

Product Characterization, Method Development and Validation   :
 Analytical methods, primarily performed in West Lafayette, Indiana, determine potency, purity, chemical composition, structure
and physical properties of a compound. Methods are validated to ensure that data generated are accurate, precise, reproducible
and reliable and are used consistently throughout the drug development process and in later product support.    

Bioanalytical Testing   :  We analyze specimens
from preclinical and clinical trials to measure drug and metabolite concentrations in complex biological matrices. Bioanalysis
is performed at our facilities in West Lafayette, Indiana.    

Stability Testing   :  We test stability of drug
substances and formulated drug products and maintain secure storage facilities in West Lafayette, Indiana to establish and confirm
product purity, potency and shelf life. We have validated controlled-climate GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices) systems in place,
and the testing capability to complete most stability programs.    

In Vivo Pharmacology   :  We provide preclinical
 in vivo  sampling services for the continuous monitoring of chemical changes in life, in particular, how a drug enters, travels
through, and is metabolized in living systems. Those services are performed in customized facilities in West Lafayette and Evansville,
Indiana using our robotic  Culex   APS (Automated Pharmacology System).    

Preclinical and Pathology Services   :  We provide pharmacokinetic and safety
testing in studies ranging from acute safety monitoring of drugs and medical devices to chronic, multi-year oncogenicity studies
in our Evansville, Indiana site.   

Research Products   

We focus our products
business on expediting preclinical screening of developmental drugs. We compete in small niches of the multibillion dollar analytical
instrument industry. The products business targets unique niches in life science research. We design, develop, manufacture and
market state-of-the-art: 

In vivo  sampling systems and accessories (including disposables, training and systems qualification)   

Physiology monitoring tools   

Liquid chromatography and electrochemistry instruments platforms   

Revenues for our products
segment were $4.5 million for fiscal 2016. We offer two (2) principal product lines: Analytical Products and In vivo Sampling Products.
In addition, we continue to service our Vetronics  Products line. The following is a brief description of the products offered: 

Analytical Products:   Analytical products consist of our liquid chromatographic and
electrochemical instruments with associated accessories. The critical component of these products is the Epsilon      electrochemical
platform. This platform incorporates all the hardware capabilities needed for most electrochemical experiments but can be modified
through software development. The market is principally academic institutions and industrial research companies.   

In vivo Sampling Products:    In vivo  sampling products consist of the  Culex  
family of automated  in vivo  sampling and dosing instruments. These instruments are used by pharmaceutical researchers to
dose animals and collect biological samples (blood, bile, urine, microdialysate, feces or any bio-fluid) from the animals. Since
dosing and sample collections are automated, animals are not manually handled, reducing stress on the animals and producing more
representative pharmacological data. Behavior and other physiological parameters can also be monitored simultaneously. Compared
to manual methods, the  Culex   products offer significant reduction in test model use and comparable reduction in labor.
The line also includes  in vivo  sampling devices sold to drug developers and medical research centers to assist in the study
of a number of medical conditions including stroke, depression, Alzheimer s and Parkinson s diseases, diabetes and
osteoporosis.   

Vetronics  Products:   Vetronics  products
consist of instruments and related software to monitor and diagnose cardiac function (electro-cardiogram) and measure other vital
physiological parameters primarily in cats and dogs in veterinary clinics. In late fiscal 2014, we began shifting our market focus
and will no longer actively market the Vetronics  product offering. However, we will continue to service the units in the
field.    

Customers  

We have regularly provided
our services and/or products to most of the top 25   pharmaceutical companies in the world, as ranked by the number of research
and development projects. Approximately 9% of our revenues are generated from customers outside of North America. 

We balance our business
development effort between large pharmaceutical developers and smaller drug development companies. 

In fiscal 2016 our
Services group continued its presence at several important existing customers. In fiscal 2016, one customer accounted for approximately
14.0% of total sales and 13.2% of total trade accounts receivable at September 30, 2016. In fiscal 2015 this customer accounted
for approximately 4.0% of total sales and 19.4% of total trade accounts receivable at September 30, 2015. The customer discussed
is included in our Services segment. There can be no assurance that our business will move away from dependence upon a limited
number of customer relationships. 

Sales and Marketing  

With both large and
small pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as research institutions, we promote our services through concentrated
business development efforts, scientist-to-scientist communications and centralized corporate marketing programs. We recognize
that our growth and customer satisfaction depend upon our ability to continually improve and create new customer relationships. 

Our sales and global
marketing initiatives include integrated campaigns designed to help differentiate and promote our products and services. Through
trade events, online and print advertising in trade publications, direct communication, newsletters, and our website, we provide
our perspective on current industry challenges or developments to create an ongoing dialogue with our customers and to promote
our industry expertise, quality, technology and innovation. We reinforce key messages and selling points through customer presentations,
corporate material and at trade events and industry conferences. 

We encourage and sponsor
the participation of our scientific and technical personnel in a variety of professional endeavors, including via speaking engagements,
the presentation of papers at national and international professional trade meetings and the publication of scientific articles
in medical and pharmaceutical journals. Through these endeavors we seek to further our reputation for professional excellence. 

As of September 30,
2016, we had 5 employees on our global sales and marketing staff. We have a network of 16   established
distributors covering Japan, the Pacific Basin, South America, the Middle East, India, South Africa and Eastern Europe. All of
our distributor relationships are managed from the corporate headquarters in West Lafayette, Indiana. 

Contractual Arrangements  

Our service contracts
typically establish an estimated fee to be paid for identified services. In most cases, some percentage of the contract costs is
paid in advance. While we are performing a contract, customers often adjust the scope of services to be provided based on interim
project results. Fees are adjusted accordingly. Generally, our fee-for-service contracts are terminable by the customer upon written
notice of 30 days or less for a variety of reasons, including the customer's decision to forego a particular study, the failure
of product prototypes to satisfy safety requirements, and unexpected or undesired results of product testing. Cancellation or delay
of ongoing contracts may result in fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results. We are generally able to recover, at minimum,
our invested costs when contracts are terminated. 

Our products business
offers both annual and multi-year service and maintenance agreements as well as capital lease arrangements on many of our product
lines. 

Competition  

Services   

We compete with in-house
research, development, quality control and other support service departments of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies as well
as other Contract Research Organizations ( CROs ) that compete in this industry. Several of our competitors have significantly
greater financial resources than we do. The largest CRO competitors offering similar research services include: 

Covance, Inc. now part of LabCorp;   

Pharmaceutical Product Development, Inc.;   

Charles River Laboratories, Inc.; and   

Quintiles Transnational Holdings, Inc.   

CROs generally compete on: 

regulatory compliance record;   

reputation for on-time quality performance;   

quality systems;   

previous experience;   

medical and scientific expertise in specific therapeutic areas;   

scientist-to-scientist relationships;   

quality of contract research;   

financial viability;   

database management;   

statistical and regulatory services;   

ability to recruit investigators;   

ability to integrate information technology with systems to optimize research efficiency;   

quality of facilities;   

international presence with strategically located facilities; and   

price.   

Products   

Though many global
analytical instruments competitors exist, we have an extensive, long-standing network of customers who are repeat buyers and recommend
our products. In contrast, there are few competitors for our  in vivo  sampling products. The primary market is large pharmaceutical
research departments and academic research institutions. Our differentiators are high quality, flexibility to meet customers 
specific needs and superior technical support and service. We provide equipment that enables our customers to attain premium scientific
laboratory information on a reasonable operating investment. As customers  needs constantly change, we continually refine
our products and develop new products which meet our operating objectives. 

Government Regulation  

We are subject to various
regulatory requirements designed to ensure the quality and integrity of our data and products. These regulations are promulgated
primarily under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, and include Good Laboratory Practice ( GLP ), Good Manufacturing
Practice ( GMP ), and Good Clinical Practice ( GCP ) guidelines administered by the FDA. The standards of GLP,
GMP, and GCP are required by the FDA and by similar regulatory authorities around the world. These guidelines demand rigorous attention
to employee training; detailed documentation; equipment validation; careful tracking of changes and routine auditing of compliance.
Noncompliance with these standards could result in disqualification of project data collected by the Company. Material violation
of GLP, GMP, or GCP guidelines could result in regulatory sanctions and, in severe cases, could also result in a discontinuance
of selected operations.    We have been audited, on a routine basis, by the FDA seventeen times. The FDA has visited
twelve times in West Lafayette and five times at the Evansville location. Of the seventeen FDA audits, eleven were without findings. 
Where the FDA had findings, which have not been significant to our operations, we have taken actions to address the findings. 

We have not experienced
any significant problems to date in complying with the regulations of such agencies and do not believe that any existing or proposed
regulations will require material capital expenditures or changes in our method of operation. 

Analytical Services   

Laboratories that provide
information included in INDs, NDAs and PLAs must conform to regulatory requirements that are designed to ensure the quality and
integrity of the testing process. Most of our contract research services are subject to government standards for laboratory practices
that are embodied in guidelines for GLP. The FDA and other regulatory authorities require that test results submitted to such authorities
be based on studies conducted in accordance with GLP. These guidelines are set out to help the researcher perform work in compliance
with a pre-established plan and standardized procedures. These guidelines include but are not restricted to: 

Resources   organization, personnel, facilities and equipment;   

Rules   protocols and written procedures;   

Characterization   test items and test systems;   

Documentation   raw data, final report and archives; and   

Quality assurance unit   formalized internal audit function.   

We must also maintain
reports for each study for specified periods for auditing by the study sponsor and by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities
in other parts of the world. Noncompliance with GLP can result in the disqualification of data collected during the preclinical
trial. 

Preclinical Services   

Our animal research
facilities are subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations, including The Animal Welfare Act and the rules and
regulations enforced by the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) and the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ).
These regulations establish the standards for the humane treatment, care and handling of animals by dealers and research facilities.
Our animal research facilities maintain detailed standard operating procedures and other documentation necessary to comply with
applicable regulations for the humane treatment of the animals in our custody. In addition to being licensed by the USDA as a research
facility, we are also accredited by the Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care International and
have registered assurance with the NIH. 

Quality Assurance and Information
Technology   

To assure compliance
with applicable regulations, we have established quality assurance programs at our facilities that audit test data, train personnel
and review procedures and regularly inspect facilities. In addition, FDA regulations and guidelines serve as a basis for our Standard
Operating Procedures ( SOPs ) where applicable. On an ongoing basis, we endeavor to standardize SOPs across all relevant
operations. We have both developed and purchased software to ensure compliant documentation, handling and reporting of laboratory-generated
study data. 

We use 21 CFR Part
11 (FDA guidelines on electronic records and electronic signatures that define the criteria under which electronic records and
electronic signatures are considered to be trustworthy, reliable and equivalent to paper records).  Our contract research
operations were compliant with applicable US FDA regulations (including 21 CFR Part 11) in our analytical, bioanalytical, toxicology,
lab information management, and document management systems.  Systems compliant with 21 CFR Part 11 were formally validated
and released for use in regulated studies. 

We manage our business
systems through the use of an Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) system. We are continually refining and adjusting
our ERP system to improve efficiency, provide better management tools and address changes in our business. These changes are appropriately
documented and tested before implementation. We also test these systems in connection with management s annual review of
our internal control systems. Management s assessment and report on internal controls over financial reporting is included
in Item 9A. 

Controlled, Hazardous, and Environmentally
Threatening Substances   

Some of our development
and testing activities are subject to the Controlled Substances Act administered by the Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ),
which strictly regulates all narcotic and habit-forming substances. We maintain restricted-access facilities and heightened control
procedures for projects involving such substances due to the level of security and other controls required by the DEA. In addition,
we are subject to other federal and state regulations concerning such matters as occupational safety and health and protection
of the environment. 

Our laboratories are
subject to licensing and regulation under federal, state and local laws relating to hazard communication and employee right-to-know
regulations, the handling and disposal of medical specimens and hazardous waste, as well as the safety and health of laboratory
employees. All of our laboratories are subject to applicable federal and state laws and regulations relating to the storage and
disposal of laboratory specimens, including regulations of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Transportation,
the National Fire Protection Agency and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. Although we believe that we are currently in
compliance in all material respects with such federal, state and local laws, failure to comply could subject us to denial of the
right to conduct business, fines, criminal penalties and other enforcement actions. 

The regulations of
the U.S. Department of Transportation, the U.S. Public Health Service and the U.S. Postal Service apply to the surface and air
transportation of laboratory specimens. Our laboratories also comply with the International Air Transport Association regulations
which govern international shipments of laboratory specimens. Furthermore, when materials are sent to a foreign country, the transportation
of such materials becomes subject to the laws, rules and regulations of such foreign country. 

Safety   

In addition to comprehensive
regulation of safety in the workplace, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration has established extensive requirements
relating to workplace safety for health care employers whose workers may be exposed to blood-borne pathogens such as HIV and the
hepatitis B virus. These regulations, among other things, require work practice controls, protective clothing and equipment, training,
medical follow-up, vaccinations and other measures designed to minimize exposure to chemicals, and transmission of blood-borne
and airborne pathogens. Furthermore, relevant employees receive initial and periodic training focusing on compliance with applicable
hazardous materials regulations and health and safety guidelines. 

HIPAA   

The U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services has promulgated final regulations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
1996 ( HIPAA ) that govern the disclosure of confidential medical information in the United States. We have had a global
privacy policy in place since January 2001 and believe that we are in compliance with HIPAA and current European Union requirements
regarding confidential medical information. We continue to monitor our compliance with these regulations, and we intend to take
appropriate steps to ensure compliance as these and other privacy regulations are revised or additional regulations come into effect. 

Product Liability and Insurance  

We maintain product
liability and professional errors and omissions liability insurance, providing coverage on a claims-made basis. Additionally, in
certain circumstances, we seek to manage our liability risk through contractual provisions to be indemnified by the customer or
covered by the customer s liability insurance policies. Also, in certain types of engagements, we seek to limit our contractual
liability to customers to the amount of fees received. The contractual arrangements are subject to negotiation with customers,
and the terms and scope of such indemnification, liability limitation and insurance coverage vary by customer and project. 

Research and Development  

In fiscal 2016 and
2015, we spent $496 thousand and $715 thousand, respectively, on research and development. Separate from our contract research
services business, we maintain applications research and development to enhance our products business. Expenditures cover hardware
and software engineering costs, laboratory supplies, labor, prototype development and laboratory demonstrations of new products
and applications for those products. 

Intellectual Property  

We believe that our
patents, trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary rights are important to our business. Accordingly, we actively seek protection
for those rights both in the United States and abroad. Where we deem it to be an appropriate course of action, we will vigorously
prosecute patent infringements. The loss of any one or more of our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other proprietary rights
could be material to our consolidated revenues or earnings. 

We currently hold four
U.S. federally registered trademarks. We also have two issued U.S. patents   on the Dried Blood Spot
(DBS) sampling card for the  Culex   Automated Blood Sampling Instrumentation .  There
are also pending international patent applications for this technology in Japan, Canada, and Europe. Additionally, we have three
issued U.S. patents and one pending application for the No Blood Waste technology for the  Culex   instrument. There are
thirteen issued international patents for this technology in Europe, Japan and Canada. There are two additional issued U.S. patents
and fifteen issued international patents in Germany, Denmark, Europe, Spain, France, Great Britain, Japan, Sweden, and Switzerland
relating to the Raturn  technology which can be used with the  Culex   system; two issued U.S. patents and one issued
Canadian patent relating to pinch valve technology; one pending U.S. patent application and thirteen pending international patent
applications in Canada, Japan and Europe relating to a tube assembly system that could potentially be used in the  Culex  
system. 

Our issued patents
are protected for durations ranging from April of 2017 to October of 2031. In addition to these formal intellectual property rights,
we rely on trade secrets, unpatented know-how and continuing applications research which we seek to protect through means of reasonable
business procedures, such as confidentiality agreements. 

Raw Materials  

There are no specialized
raw materials that are particularly essential to our business. We have a variety of alternative suppliers for the components in
our products. 

Employees  

At September 30, 2016,
we had 145 full-time employees and 6 part-time employees. All employees enter into confidentiality agreements intended to protect
our proprietary information. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. None of our employees are represented by
a labor union. Our performance depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified professional, scientific and technical staff.
The level of competition among employers for skilled personnel is high. We believe that our employee benefit plans enhance employee
morale, professional commitment and work productivity and provide an incentive for employees to remain with the Company. 

Executive Officers of the Registrant  

The following table
illustrates information concerning the persons who currently serve as our executive officers. Officers are elected annually at
the annual meeting of the board of directors. 

Name  
       
      Age  
       
      Position   

Jill Blumhoff   
       
      40  
       
      Chief Financial Officer, Vice President-Finance   

Philip A. Downing  
       
      46  
       
      Vice President, Preclinical Services   

Dr. James S. Bourdage  
       
      64  
       
      Vice President, Bioanalytical Operations   

Jill Blumhoff  
joined the Company as Assistant Controller on October 7, 2007 and thereafter was promoted to positions of greater responsibility
in the Accounting and Finance area including Director of Financial Reporting and Director of Finance and IT until reaching her
present position of Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance on May 11, 2016. She has been responsible for all aspects
of financial reporting and disclosure as well as leading the Company s efforts in building the financial support structure
at BASi. Ms. Blumhoff held various roles of increasing levels of responsibility in financial reporting and analysis at Wabash National
Corporation after beginning her career at Ernst   Young LLP. Ms. Blumhoff received a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting
from the University of the Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1998. 

Philip A. Downing  joined the Company
as an Analytical Chemist on November 3, 1997 and has over 22 years of pharmaceutical experience in drug discovery, toxicology/non-clinical
and clinical research. Traditionally trained as a bioanalytical chemist, Mr. Downing joined BASi  as an analytical chemist
in 1997, rapidly moving into leadership positions such as Director of Analytical Services, General Manager, and Sr. Director of
Preclinical until reaching his present position as Vice President of Preclinical Services in March of 2015. Prior to BASi ,
Mr. Downing worked at GFi Pharmaceuticals (now Covance Labs   Clinical Division) as an Analytical Scientist and RSO designing
and validating radiolabeled and non-radiolabeled assays used to support clinical ADME studies. Mr. Downing earned a Bachelor s
Degree in Chemistry and Biology from Indiana University and is a member of the Society of Toxicology, American College of Toxicology
and the American Chemical Society. 

James S. Bourdage,
Ph.D.,  joined the Company as Vice President of Bioanalytical Operations   on June 2, 2014. Prior to joining the Company,
Dr. Bourdage served as Executive Director Biopharmaceutical CMC Solutions at Covance Inc., Greenfield, Indiana, beginning in 2011,
where he was responsible for the US Biotechnology CMC operation of this $2.4 billion drug development services organization. From
2009 to 2011, Dr. Bourdage was Senior Director, Bioanalytical Sciences, at Pharmathene, Inc., Annapolis, Maryland, a biodefense
company with more than $300 million in government contracts. From 2003 to 2009, Dr. Bourdage was Global Research Advisor and Team
Leader, Laboratory for Experimental Medicine at Eli Lilly Co., Indianapolis, where his responsibilities included oversight of biotherapeutic
immunogenicity and biomarker assay development to support global clinical trials. Previously, he was Senior Research Scientist,
Drug Absorption and Transport at Pharmacia (Upjohn), Kalamazoo, Michigan, where he received the Upjohn Corporate Special Recognition
Award in 1992 and the Quality Control Achievement Award in 1993. Dr. Bourdage received a Ph.D. in Immunochemistry from the University
of Illinois in 1979. He is a member of the American Society of Clinical Pathologists and the American Association of Pharmaceutical
Scientists. 

In November 2016, our
Chief Executive Officer and President resigned. Our Board of Directors has prioritized identifying a successor Chief Executive
Officer and President, but we cannot assure that a successor will be named in a timely manner, if at all. 

Investor Information  

We file various reports
with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including our annual reports on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports. These reports are available
free of charge upon written request or by visiting www.BASinc.com/invest. Inquiries from shareholders, security analysts, portfolio
managers, registered representatives and other interested parties including media inquiries should be directed to: 

BASi Investor Relations, 

 Attn: Jill Blumhoff 

 2701 Kent Avenue, West Lafayette, IN 47906 USA 

 Phone 765-463-4527, Fax 765-497-1102, ir@basinc.com 

ITEM 1A   RISK
FACTORS   

Risks Related to Our Business    

Our business is subject
to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. If any of the events or circumstances described
below occur, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected, our actual results could differ materially from
our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only
ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are
material that may adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

We are currently operating under a Forbearance Agreement
with Huntington Bank.  

During fiscal 2016
we have operated either in default of, or under forbearance arrangements with respect to, our credit agreements with Huntington
Bank, as more fully described under  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   Credit Facility.  Effective October 31, 2016, we entered into the Fourth Forbearance
Agreement with Huntington Bank. Pursuant to the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, Huntington Bank agreed to forbear from exercising
its rights and remedies under the Company s credit facility and from terminating the Company s related swap agreement
with respect to the Company s non-compliance with applicable financial covenants under the credit agreement and any further
non-compliance with such covenants until January 31, 2017. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness before the end of the
forbearance period, and were Huntington Bank to demand payment on the outstanding debt under our credit arrangements, we would
have insufficient funds to satisfy that obligation. In such case, in addition to the ability to immediately demand payment of the
outstanding debt under our term loan and revolving loan, Huntington Bank would have the right to exercise its security interest,
to take possession of or sell the underlying collateral, to increase interest accruing on the debt, to refrain from making additional
advances under the revolving loan, and to terminate our interest rate swap. The bank s exercise of any of these alternative
remedies could also have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. As an example, in recent periods
we have drawn on our revolving facility to supplement cash from operations. Should cash from operating activities remain insufficient
to cover expenses and if Huntington Bank determines to refrain from making additional advances under the revolving facility, we
may not have the requisite funds to continue operations. 

We cannot provide
assurance that we will be able to complete initiatives to refinance our indebtedness or otherwise resolve our liquidity issues.
If we are unable to execute on our initiatives, we may have insufficient funds to both satisfy our debt obligations and operate
our business. 

If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness
with Huntington Bank and were Huntington Bank to demand payment of such indebtedness, or in the event that we are otherwise unable
to satisfy our financial obligations, we may face bankruptcy or insolvency, and may lack the financing to continue operations.  

If we are unable to
refinance the indebtedness under our credit facility and were Huntington Bank to demand payment of such indebtedness, or if we
are unable to otherwise satisfy our financial obligations as they become due, we may find it necessary to file for protection under
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, and upon any such filing we are likely to require immediate access to funding in order
to continue operations. Funding for the Company in bankruptcy cannot be assured, and would most likely be in the form of debtor-in-possession
financing. We may be unable to find any lender willing to provide us with debtor-in-possession financing and any such financing
that we are able to obtain would require approval by the bankruptcy court. If such financing is not available, then we may find
it necessary to discontinue our operations. A bankruptcy filing by us would subject our business and operations to various additional
risks, including the following: 

a bankruptcy filing and operating under bankruptcy protection would involve significant costs,
including expenses of legal counsel and other professional advisors;   

transactions outside the ordinary course of business would be subject to the prior approval of
the bankruptcy court, which might limit our ability to respond timely to certain events or take advantage of certain opportunities;   

we might be unable to retain key executives and employees through the process of reorganization;   

we may be unable to successfully develop, prosecute, confirm, and consummate a plan of reorganization
that would be acceptable to the bankruptcy court and our creditors, equity holders, and other parties in interest; and   

our common stock may cease to be listed on a national securities exchange, which would make it
difficult for stockholders to sell or accurately value our common stock.   

Our credit facility difficulties could
have an adverse impact on our business and increase our operating costs.  

The fact that we have
recently operated in default of, and currently operate under a forbearance arrangement with respect to, our credit agreements with
Huntington Bank is likely to cause our customers and vendors to seek financial assurances from us before they are willing to continue
doing business with us and they may instead choose to do business with our competitors. These circumstances may result in increased
costs of our operations, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations. In addition, we may incur significant expenses
in order to address our credit issues. 

The Company s
Board of Directors has directed management to seek alternatives that will enable the Company to repay its indebtedness to Huntington
Bank in full upon the expiration of the current forbearance period. To resolve our credit issues, among other initiatives, we may
explore the sale of certain assets. Any such sales would likely require cooperation from Huntington Bank, given the collateral
and other restraints imposed by our credit arrangements. We cannot provide assurance that the terms of effectuated sales would
favor us or how the loss of sold assets might impact our operations going forward. 

Continued depressed revenues could have
an adverse impact on our liquidity and our business in general.  

During recent periods
we have experienced depressed revenues as compared to historical levels. A significant portion of our costs are fixed. Thus, decreases
in revenues lead to decreased margins, which in turn negatively impacts cash provided from operating activities. To supplement
cash from operating activities, we have recently relied, and may in the future rely, on our cash balance and supplemental funds
from our credit arrangements. 

We cannot provide assurance
that we will be able to satisfy our cash requirements from cash provided by operating activities on a go-forward basis. If our
working capital needs and capital expenditure requirements exceed cash provided by operating activities, then we may again look
to our cash balance and committed credit lines, if any, to satisfy those needs. The term of our Fourth Forbearance Agreement ends
on January 31, 2017, after which, or sooner should we default on the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, Huntington Bank may refrain
from making additional advances under our revolving loan. In addition, alternative financing sources may hesitate to enter into
credit arrangements with us due in part to real and/or perceived difficulties in achieving revenue growth. 

If we are unable to
increase revenues or otherwise supplement the cash that would be derived therefrom, we may have difficulty meeting our obligations
on a timely manner, if at all.    

In the event that we are able to successfully
refinance our debt, our borrowing costs may increase.  

In the event that we
are able to successfully refinance our debt, the relevant lender or lenders may require that we pay substantially higher interest
and fees on our debt going forward. This may result in increased costs of our operations thereby adversely affecting our results
of operations, and we cannot provide assurance that any higher interest or fees will be sustainable by us. 

We have recently lost, and may continue to lose, key personnel,
which could adversely affect our business.  

Since the end of fiscal
2016, we have experienced turnover in management, including the resignation of our Chief Executive Officer and President in November
2016. Our Board of Directors has prioritized identifying a successor Chief Executive Officer and President, but we cannot assure
that a successor will be named in a timely manner, if at all. 

Our ability to rectify
our liquidity issues and our success in general depends to a significant extent upon the efforts of our senior management team
and other key personnel. The loss of the services of such personnel, including the recent loss of our Chief Executive Officer and
President, could adversely affect our business. Also, because of the nature of our business, our success is dependent upon our
ability to attract, train, manage and retain technologically qualified personnel. There is substantial competition for qualified
personnel, and an inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel may impact our ability to grow our business and compete effectively
in our industry. 

Our former President and Chief Executive
Officer s expectation of severance compensation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.   

In connection with
our former Chief Executive Officer and President s resignation, her attorney provided a letter to Company s counsel,
which indicates that she believes her resignation to be for  good reason  under the terms of her employment agreement
and her expectation of severance compensation commensurate therewith. The Company disagrees with the characterization of the events
set forth in the letter, and disagrees that our former Chief Executive Officer and President has met the requirements under her
employment agreement to resign for  good reason.  Nonetheless, costs incurred to resolve this matter and any severance
compensation the Company becomes obligated, or otherwise determines, to pay, could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition. 

We have experienced periods of losses
on our operating activities.  

Our overall strategy
includes increasing revenue on a consistent basis and controlling our operating expenses. We have concentrated our efforts on enhancing
our business development program as well as ongoing Company-wide efficiency activities intended to increase productivity and streamline
our operations. We cannot assure that our efforts will result in profitability, or if our efforts result in profits, such profits
will continue for any meaningful period of time. 

A reduction in research and development
budgets at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies may adversely affect our business.  

Our customers include
researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our ability to continue to grow and win new business is dependent in
large part upon the ability and willingness of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries to continue to spend on research
and development and to purchase the products and outsource the services we provide. Fluctuations in the research and development
budgets of these researchers and their organizations could have a significant effect on the demand for our products and services.
Research and development budgets fluctuate due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies,
spending priorities and institutional budgetary policies. Our business could be adversely affected by any significant decrease
in life sciences research and development expenditures by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Economic factors and industry
trends that affect our customers in these industries also affect our business. 

We rely on a limited number of key customers,
the importance of which may vary dramatically from year to year, and a loss of one or more of these key customers may adversely
affect our operating results.  

Six customers accounted
for approximately 38% of our total revenue in fiscal 2016 and approximately 23% of our total revenues in fiscal 2015. The loss
of a significant amount of business from one of our major customers would materially and adversely affect our results of operations
until such time, if ever, as we are able to replace the lost business. Significant customers or projects in any one period may
not continue to be significant customers or projects in other periods. In any give n year, there is a possibility that a single
pharmaceutical company may account for a significant percentage of our total revenue or that our business may be dependent on one
or more large projects. Since we do not have long-term contracts with most of our customers, the importance of a single customer
may vary dramatically from year to year as projects end and new projects begin. To the extent that we are dependent on any single
customer, we are subject to the risks faced by that customer to the extent that such risks impede the customer's ability to stay
in business and make timely payments to us. 

The majority of our customers  contracts can be terminated
upon short notice.   

Most of our contracts
for CRO services are terminable by the customer upon 30 days  notice. Customers terminate or delay their contracts for a
variety of reasons, including but not limited to: 

products being tested fail
to satisfy safety requirements;  

products have undesired
clinical results;  

the customer decides to
forego a particular study;  

inability to enroll enough
patients in the study;  

inability to recruit enough
investigators;  

production problems causing
shortages of the drug; and  

actions by regulatory authorities.  

The loss, reduction
in scope or delay of a large contract or the loss or delay of multiple contracts could materially adversely affect our business,
although our contracts frequently entitle us to receive the costs of winding down the terminated projects, as well as all fees
earned by us up to the time of termination. Some contracts also entitle us to a termination fee. 

Changes in government regulation or in practices relating
to the pharmaceutical industry could change the demand for the services we provide.  

Governmental agencies
throughout the world, but particularly in the United States, strictly regulate the drug development process. Our business involves
helping pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies comply with the regulatory drug approval process. Changes in regulation, such
as a relaxation in regulatory requirements or the introduction of simplified drug approval procedures, or an increase in regulatory
requirements that we may have difficulty satisfying, or that make our services less competitive, could substantially change the
demand for our services. Also, if the government increases efforts to contain drug costs and pharmaceutical and biotechnology company
profits from new drugs, our customers may spend less, or reduce their growth in spending on research and development. 

We may bear financial risk if we underprice our contracts
or overrun cost estimates.  

Since some of our contracts
are structured as fixed price or fee-for-service, we bear the financial risk if we initially underprice our contracts or otherwise
overrun our cost estimates. Such underpricing or significant cost overruns could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

Any failure by us to comply with existing regulations could
harm our reputation and operating results.  

Any failure on our
part to comply with existing regulations could result in the termination of ongoing research or the disqualification of data for
submission to regulatory authorities. For example, if we were to fail to properly monitor compliance with study protocols, the
data collected could be disqualified. If this were to happen, we may be contractually required to repeat a study at no further
cost to the customer, but at substantial cost to us. This would harm our reputation, our prospects for future work and our operating
results. Furthermore, the issuance of a notice from the FDA based on a finding of a material violation by us of good clinical practice,
good laboratory practice or good manufacturing practice requirements could materially and adversely affect our business and financial
performance. 

Our future success depends on our ability
to keep pace with rapid technological changes that could make our services and products less competitive or obsolete.   

The biotechnology,
pharmaceutical and medical device industries generally, and contract research services more specifically, are subject to increasingly
rapid technological changes. Our competitors or others might develop technologies, services or products that are more effective
or commercially attractive than our current or future technologies, services or products, or that render our technologies, services
or products less competitive or obsolete. If competitors introduce superior technologies, services or products and we cannot make
enhancements to ours to remain competitive, our competitive position, and in turn our business, revenues and financial condition,
would be materially and adversely affected. 

If we are unable to maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting
may be adversely affected.  

Maintaining effective
internal controls over financial reporting is necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements. Moreover, we must maintain
effective disclosure controls and procedures in order to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be reported
in our periodic reports filed with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by
the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (or persons performing equivalent functions), as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure
controls and procedures or remediate any material weakness, it could result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial
statements that would require a restatement or other materially deficient disclosures, investor confidence in the accuracy and
timeliness of our financial reports and other disclosures may be adversely impacted, and the market price of our common shares
could be negatively impacted. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry.  

The CRO services industry
is highly competitive. We often compete for business not only with other, often larger and better capitalized, CRO companies, but
also with internal discovery and development departments within our customers, some of which are large pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies with greater resources than we have. If we do not compete successfully, our business will suffer. The industry is highly
fragmented, with numerous smaller specialized companies and a handful of full-service companies with global capabilities much larger
than ours. Increased competition might lead to price and other forms of competition that might adversely affect our operating results.
As a result of competitive pressures, our industry experienced consolidation in recent years. This trend is likely to produce more
competition among the larger companies for both customers and acquisition candidates. 

We might incur expense to develop products that are never
successfully commercialized.   

We have incurred and expect to continue
to incur research and development and other expenses in connection with our products business. The potential products to which
we devote resources might never be successfully developed or commercialized by us for numerous reasons, including: 

inability to develop products that address our customers  needs;   

competitive products with superior performance;   

patent conflicts or unenforceable intellectual property rights;   

demand for the particular product; and   

other factors that could make the product uneconomical.   

Incurring expenses
for a potential product that is not successfully developed and/or commercialized could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, prospects and stock price. 

Providing CRO services creates a risk of liability.  

We could be held liable
for errors and omissions in connection with the services we perform. In certain circumstances, we seek to manage our liability
risk through contractual provisions with customers requiring us to be indemnified by the customers or covered by the customers 
product liability insurance policies. Although many of our customers are large, well-capitalized companies, the financial performance
of these indemnities is not secured. Therefore, we bear the risk that the indemnifying party may not have the financial ability
to fulfill its indemnification obligations or the liability would exceed the amount of applicable insurance. There can be no assurance
that our insurance coverage will be adequate, or that insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms, or
that we can obtain indemnification arrangements or otherwise be able to limit our liability risk. 

We rely on third parties for important services.   

We depend on third
parties to provide us with services critical to our business. The failure of any of these third parties to adequately provide the
needed services including, without limitation, transportation services, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business uses biological and hazardous materials, which
could injure people or violate laws, resulting in liability that could adversely impact our financial condition and business.   

Our activities involve
the controlled use of potentially harmful biological materials, as well as hazardous materials, chemicals and various radioactive
compounds. We cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from the use, storage, handling or disposal
of these materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages that result, and any liability
could exceed our insurance coverage and ability to pay. Any contamination or injury could also damage our reputation, which is
critical to obtaining new business. In addition, we are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the
use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. The cost of compliance with these laws and
regulations is significant and if changes are made to impose additional requirements, these costs could increase and have an adverse
impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Hardware or software failures, delays in the operations of
our computer and communications systems or the failure to implement system enhancements could harm our business.   

Our success depends
on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications systems. A failure of our network or data gathering
procedures could impede the processing of data, delivery of databases and services, customer orders and day-to-day management of
our business and could result in the corruption or loss of data. While we have disaster recovery plans in place for our operations,
they might not adequately protect us. Despite any precautions we take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications
failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events at our computer facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of
data to our servers and from our servers to our customers. In addition, any failure by our computer environment to provide our
required data communications capacity could result in interruptions in our service. In the event of a delay in the delivery of
data, we could be required to transfer our data collection operations to an alternative provider of server hosting services. Such
a transfer could result in delays in our ability to deliver our products and services to our customers. Additionally, significant
delays in the planned delivery of system enhancements, improvements and inadequate performance of the systems once they are completed
could damage our reputation and harm our business. Finally, long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as
natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which
we have offices, could adversely affect our businesses. Although we carry property and business interruption insurance, our coverage
might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. 

Our animal populations may suffer diseases that can damage
our inventory, harm our reputation, result in decreased sales of our services or research products or result in other liability
to us.   

It is important that our animal populations
be free of diseases, including infectious diseases. The presence of diseases can distort or compromise the quality of research
results, can cause loss of animals in our inventory, can result in harm to humans or outside animal populations if the disease
is not contained to animals in inventory, or can result in other losses. Such results could harm our reputation or have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our products business depends on our intellectual property.  

Our products business
is dependent, in part, on our ability to obtain patents in various jurisdictions on our current and future technologies and products,
to defend our patents and protect our trade secrets and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. There
can be no assurance that our patents will not be challenged by third parties or that, if challenged, those patents will be held
valid. In addition, there can be no assurance that any technologies or products developed by us will not be challenged by third
parties owning patent rights and, if challenged, will be held not to infringe on those patent rights. The expense involved in any
patent litigation can be significant. We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology, and there can be no assurance that others
will not independently develop or obtain similar products or technologies. 

We may expand our business through acquisitions.  

We occasionally review acquisition candidates.
Factors which may affect our ability to grow successfully through acquisitions include: 

inability to obtain financing;   

difficulties and expenses in connection with integrating the acquired companies and achieving the expected benefits;   

diversion of management s attention from current operations;   

the possibility that we may be adversely affected by risk factors facing the acquired companies;   

acquisitions could be dilutive to earnings, or in the event of acquisitions made through the issuance of our common shares
to the shareholders of the acquired company, dilutive to the percentage of ownership of our existing stockholders;   

potential losses resulting from undiscovered liabilities of acquired companies not covered by the indemnification we may obtain
from the seller; and   

loss of key employees of the acquired companies.   

We depend on the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.  

Over the past several
years, some areas of our businesses have grown significantly as a result of the increase in pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies
outsourcing their preclinical and clinical research support activities. We believe that due to the significant investment in facilities
and personnel required to support drug development, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies look to outsource some or all of
those services. By doing so, they can focus their resources on their core competency of drug discovery, while obtaining the outsourced
services from a full-service provider like us. Our revenues depend greatly on the expenditures made by these pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies in research and development. In some instances, companies in these industries are reliant on their ability
to raise capital in order to fund their research and development projects and to compensate us for services rendered. Accordingly,
economic factors and industry trends that affect our customers in these industries also affect our business. If companies in these
industries were to reduce the number of research and development projects they conduct or outsource, our business could be materially
adversely affected. 

Unfavorable general economic conditions may materially adversely
affect our business.  

While it is difficult
for us to predict the impact of general economic conditions on our business, these conditions could reduce customer demand for
some of our services, which could cause our revenue to decline. Also, our customers, particularly smaller biotechnology companies
which are especially reliant on the credit and capital markets, may not be able to obtain adequate access to credit or equity funding,
which could affect their ability to make timely payments to us. Moreover, we rely on credit facilities to provide working capital
to support our operations and regularly evaluate alternative financing sources. Changes in the commercial credit market or in the
financial stability of our creditors may impact the ability of our creditors to provide additional financing. In addition, the
financial condition of our credit facility providers, which is beyond our control, may adversely change. Any decrease in our access
to borrowings under our credit facility or successor facilities (if any), tightening of lending standards and other changes to
our sources of liquidity could adversely impact our ability to obtain the financing we need to continue operating the business
in our current manner. For these reasons, among others, if economic conditions stagnate or decline, our operating results and financial
condition could be adversely affected. 

We rely on air transportation to serve our customers.  

Our business is heavily reliant on air travel
for transport of samples and other material, products and people. A significant disruption to the air travel system, or our access
to it, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Privacy regulations could increase our costs or limit our
services.  

U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services regulations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 demand compliance with
patient privacy and confidentiality requirements. In addition, some state governments are considering more stringent regulations.
These regulations might require us to increase our investment in security or limit the services we offer. We could be found liable
if we fail to meet existing or proposed regulations on privacy and security of health information. 

We may be affected by health care reform.  

In March 2010,
the United States Congress enacted the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) intended over time to expand
health insurance coverage and impose health industry cost containment measures.  PPACA legislation and the accompanying regulations
may significantly impact the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries as it is implemented over the next several years. 
In addition, the U.S. Congress, various state legislatures and European and Asian governments may consider various types of health
care reform in order to control growing health care costs. We are unable to predict what legislative proposals will be adopted
in the future, if any. 

Implementation of health
care reform legislation may have certain benefits but also may contain costs that could limit the profits that can be made from
the development of new drugs. This could adversely affect research and development expenditures by pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies, which could in turn decrease the business opportunities available to us both in the United States and abroad. In addition,
new laws or regulations may create a risk of liability, increase our costs or limit our service offerings. 

Risks Related to Share Ownership    

Our share price could be volatile and our trading volume
may fluctuate substantially.  

The market price of our common shares has
historically experienced and might continue to experience volatility. Many factors could have a significant impact on the future
price of our common shares, including: 

our failure to successfully implement our business objectives;   

compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements;   

market acceptance of our products;   

technological innovations, new commercial products or drug discovery efforts and preclinical and clinical activities by us or our competitors;   

changes in government regulations;   

general economic conditions and other external factors;   

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results;   

the degree of trading liquidity in our common shares; and   

our ability to meet the minimum standards required for remaining listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market.   

These factors also
include ones beyond our control, such as market conditions within our industry and changes in pharmaceutical and biotechnology
industries. In addition, in recent years, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. The stock
market, and in particular the market for pharmaceutical and biotechnology company stocks, has also experienced significant decreases
in value in the past. This volatility and valuation decline have affected the market prices of securities issued by many companies,
often for reasons unrelated to their operating performance, and might adversely affect the price of our common shares. 

If we are unable to maintain listing of our securities on
the NASDAQ Capital Market or another reputable stock exchange, it may be more difficult for the Company's shareholders to sell
their securities.   

NASDAQ
requires listing issuers to comply with certain standards in order to remain listed on its exchange.   On
December 1, 2016, the Company received a letter from the NASDAQ Listing Qualification Department (the  Letter ) stating
that the Company has failed to maintain at least a $1.00 minimum bid price for its common shares (the  Minimum Bid Requirement )
as required for continued listing of the Company s common shares on the NASDAQ Capital Market. The Letter further stated
that, under the listing rules, the Company has until May 30, 2017 to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement. If, at
any time on or prior to May 30, 2017, the bid price of the common shares closes at $1.00 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive
business days, the Company will be in compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement. The Company intends to actively evaluate and
monitor the bid price for its common shares between now and May 30, 2017, and to consider the implementation of various options
available to the Company if its common shares do not trade at a level that is likely to regain compliance. If the Company s
minimum bid does not increase to $1.00 per share or more for 10 consecutive business days on or prior to May 30, 2017, the Company
could be delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market, in which case our common shares may be traded over-the-counter.   

If, for any reason,
including those discussed above, NASDAQ should delist the Company's securities from trading on its exchange and the Company is
unable to obtain listing on another reputable national securities exchange, a reduction in some or all of the following may occur,
each of which could materially adversely affect our shareholders: 

the liquidity of our common shares;   

the market price of our common shares;   

our ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations;   

the number of institutional and general  investors that will consider investing in our
common shares;   

the number of market makers in our common shares;   

the availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our common shares;
and   

the number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in shares of our common shares.   

There is no public market for the Series
A preferred shares.   

There is no established
public trading market for the Series A preferred shares that were sold May 11, 2011, and we do not expect a market to develop.
In addition, we have not and do not intend to apply to list the Series A preferred shares on any securities exchange. Without an
active market, the liquidity of these securities is limited. 

We have never paid cash dividends and
currently do not intend to do so.  

We have never declared
or paid cash dividends on our common shares. We currently plan to retain any earnings to finance the growth of our business rather
than to pay cash dividends. Payments of any cash dividends in the future will depend on our financial condition, results of operations
and capital requirements, as well as other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 

ITEM 1B
  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2
  PROPERTIES   

We operate in the following
locations, all of which we own, except as otherwise indicated: 

Our
principal executive offices  are located at 2701 Kent Avenue, West Lafayette, Indiana 47906, with approximately 120,000 total
square feet of operations, manufacturing, administrative space and leased space, which is approximately 50,000 square feet of the
total. Both the contract research services segment and the products segment conduct operations at this facility. The building has
been financed by mortgages. 

BAS
Evansville Inc . is in Evansville, Indiana. We   occupy 10 buildings with roughly 92,000 square feet of operating and
administrative space on 52 acres. Most of this site is engaged in preclinical toxicology testing of developmental drugs in animal
models. The contract research services segment conducts operations at this facility.  

We believe that our
facilities are adequate for our operations and that suitable additional space will be available if and when needed. The terms of
any mortgages and leases for the above properties are detailed in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, and Notes 7 and 8 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 3   LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS   

We currently do not
have any material pending legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4  
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not applicable. 

PART II  

ITEM
5   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES   

Market Information  

As of September 30, 2016,
our common shares were traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol  BASi . The following table sets forth
the quarterly high and low sales price per share of our common shares from October 1, 2014 through September 30, 2016. 

Holders  

There were approximately
2,700 holders of record of our common shares as of December 22, 2016. 

Dividends  

We did not pay any cash
dividends on our common shares in fiscal years 2016 or 2015 and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Dividends paid on our Series A preferred shares are discussed in Note 4 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 6       SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

Not applicable. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]  

ITEM
7   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included or incorporated
by reference elsewhere in this Report. In addition to the historical information contained herein, the discussions in this Report
may contain forward-looking statements that may be affected by risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in Item 1A,
Risk Factors. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Please refer
to page 1 of this Report for a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information.  

References to years
or portions of years in this Item refer to our fiscal year ended September 30, unless otherwise indicated. The following amounts
are in thousands unless otherwise indicated.  

Recent Events  

Credit Facility   

During fiscal 2016 we
have operated either in default of, or under forbearance arrangements with respect to, our credit agreements with Huntington Bank,
as more fully described under  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
Liquidity and Capital Resources   Credit Facility.  Effective October 31, 2016, we entered into the Fourth Forbearance
Agreement with Huntington Bank. Pursuant to the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, Huntington Bank agreed to forbear from exercising
its rights and remedies under the Company s credit facility and from terminating the Company s related swap agreement
with respect to the Company s non-compliance with applicable financial covenants under the credit agreement and any further
non-compliance with such covenants until January 31, 2017. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness before the end of the
forbearance period, and were Huntington Bank to demand payment on the outstanding debt under our credit arrangements, we would
have insufficient funds to satisfy that obligation. In such case, in addition to the ability to immediately demand payment of
the outstanding debt under our term loan and revolving loan, Huntington Bank would have the right to exercise its security interest,
to take possession of or sell the underlying collateral, to increase interest accruing on the debt, to refrain from making additional
advances under the revolving loan, and to terminate our interest rate swap. 

The Company s Board
of Directors has directed management to seek alternatives that will enable the Company to repay its indebtedness to Huntington
Bank in full upon the expiration of the forbearance period. The Company continues to pursue liquidity alternatives, including
but not limited to, the potential disposition of certain of its assets and the possible sale of its West Lafayette facilities.
Management has been reviewing details of all current account management and marketing programs as well as all invoicing and top
line growth initiatives. Management also has been, and continues to be, actively engaged in more effectively controlling operating
costs in the short-term as we strive for long term stabilization. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to resolve
our liquidity issues on satisfactory terms, or at all. 

Business Overview  

We are an international
contract research organization providing drug discovery and development services. Our customers and partners include pharmaceutical,
biotechnology, academic and governmental organizations. We apply innovative technologies and products and a commitment to quality
to help customers and partners accelerate the development of safe and effective therapeutics and maximize the returns on their
research and development investments. We offer an efficient, variable-cost alternative to our customers' internal product development
programs. Outsourcing development work to reduce overhead and speed drug approvals through the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA )
is an established alternative to in-house development among pharmaceutical companies. We derive our revenues from sales of our
research services and drug development tools, both of which are focused on determining drug safety and efficacy. The Company has
been involved in the research of drugs to treat numerous therapeutic areas for over 40 years. 

We support the preclinical
and clinical development needs of researchers and clinicians for small molecule and large biomolecule drug candidates. Our scientists
have the skills in analytical instrumentation development, chemistry, computer software development, physiology, medicine, analytical
chemistry and toxicology to make the services and products we provide increasingly valuable to our current and potential customers.
Our principal customers are scientists engaged in analytical chemistry, drug safety evaluation, clinical trials, drug metabolism
studies, pharmacokinetics and basic research at many of the small start-up biotechnology companies and the largest global pharmaceutical
companies. 

Our business is largely
dependent on the level of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies' efforts in new drug discovery and approval. Our contract
research services segment is a direct beneficiary of these efforts, through outsourcing by these companies of research work. Our
products segment is an indirect beneficiary of these efforts, as increased drug development leads to capital expansion, providing
opportunities to sell the equipment we produce and the consumable supplies we provide that support our products. 

Developments within the
industries we serve have a direct, and sometimes material, impact on our operations. Currently, many large pharmaceutical companies
have major  block-buster  drugs that are nearing the end of their patent protections. This puts significant pressure
on these companies both to develop new drugs with large market appeal, and to re-evaluate their cost structures and the time-to-market
of their products. Contract research organizations ( CROs ) have benefited from these developments, as the pharmaceutical
industry has turned to out-sourcing to both reduce fixed costs and to increase the speed of research and data development necessary
for new drug applications. The number of significant drugs that have reached or are nearing the end of their patent protection
has also benefited the generic drug industry. Generic drug companies provide a significant source of new business for CROs as
they develop, test and manufacture their generic compounds. 

We also believe that the
development of innovative new drugs is going through an evolution, evidenced by the significant reduction of expenditures on research
and development at several major international pharmaceutical companies, accompanied by increases in outsourcing and investments
in smaller start-up companies that are performing the early development work on new compounds. Many of these smaller companies
are funded by either venture capital or pharmaceutical investment, or both, and generally do not build internal staffs that possess
the extensive scientific and regulatory capabilities to perform the various activities necessary to progress a drug candidate
to the filing of an Investigative New Drug application with the FDA. 

A significant portion
of innovation in the pharmaceutical industry is now being driven by biotech and small, venture capital funded drug development
companies. Many of these companies are  single-molecule  entities, whose success depends on one innovative compound.
While several of the biotech companies have reached the status of major pharmaceuticals, the industry is still characterized by
smaller entities. These developmental companies generally do not have the resources to perform much of the research within their
organizations, and are therefore dependent on the CRO industry for both their research and for guidance in preparing their FDA
submissions. These companies have provided significant new opportunities for the CRO industry, including us. They do, however,
provide challenges in selling, as they frequently have only one product in development, which causes CROs to be unable to develop
a flow of projects from a single company. These companies may expend all their available funds and cease operations prior to fully
developing a product. Additionally, the funding of these companies is subject to investment market fluctuations, which changes
as the risk profiles and appetite of investors change. 

While continuing to maintain
and develop our relationships with large pharmaceutical companies, we intend to aggressively promote our services to developing
businesses, which will require us to expand our existing capabilities to provide services early in the drug development process,
and to consult with customers on regulatory strategy and compliance leading to their FDA filings. Our Enhanced Drug Discovery
services, part of this strategy, utilizes our proprietary  Culex   technology to provide early experiments in our laboratories
that previously would have been conducted in the sponsor s facilities. As we move forward, we must balance the demands of
the large pharmaceutical companies with the personal touch needed by smaller biotechnology companies to develop a competitive
advantage. We intend to accomplish this through the use of and expanding upon our existing project management skills, strategic
partnerships and relationship management. 

Research services are
capital intensive. The investment in equipment and facilities to serve our markets is substantial and continuing. While our physical
facilities are adequate to meet market needs for the near term, rapid changes in automation, precision, speed and technologies
necessitate a constant investment in equipment and software to meet market demands. We are also impacted by the heightened regulatory
environment and the need to improve our business infrastructure to support our operations, which will necessitate additional capital
investment. Our ability to generate capital to reinvest in our capabilities, both through operations and financial transactions,
is critical to our success. While we are currently committed to fully utilizing capacity, sustained growth will require additional
investment in future periods. Our financial position could limit our ability to make such investments. 

Executive Summary  

As noted above, during
fiscal 2016 we have operated either in default of, or under forbearance arrangements with respect to our credit arrangements with
Huntington Bank. Please see  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
Liquidity and Capital Resources   Credit Facility.   

Our revenues are dependent
on a relatively small number of industries and customers. As a result, we closely monitor the market for our services. For a discussion
of the trends affecting the market for our services, see  Item 1. Business   Trends Affecting the Drug Discovery and
Development Industry.  In fiscal 2016, we experienced a 10.4% decrease in revenues in our Services segment and an 8.4% decrease
in revenues for our Products segment as compared to fiscal 2015. Our Service revenue was negatively impacted by fewer bioequivalence
studies and a mix shift favoring method development and validation projects as well as a lower number of samples analyzed in fiscal
2016 versus fiscal 2015. The turnover in the business development personnel during fiscal 2015 and 2016 contributed to the decline
in bioequivalence studies and new large sample analysis projects. The revenue decline in our Product segment was mainly due to
lower sales of our analytical instruments and lower sales of new instruments in our  Culex    ,  in vivo 
sampling product line as compared to the prior fiscal year. 

We review various metrics
to evaluate our financial performance, including revenue, margins and earnings. In fiscal 2016, total revenues decreased 9.9%,
gross profit decreased 40.9% and operating expenses were higher by 13.5% as compared to fiscal 2015 .
 The reduction in gross profit was mainly impacted by the lower Service revenue in the current fiscal year resulting in
decreased absorption of fixed costs. The increase in operating expenses is due primarily to the $971 goodwill impairment discussed
in the Critical Accounting Policies below offset slightly by a full year of lease rental income in fiscal 2016 compared to the
same period last year as well as a bad debt expense in fiscal 2015 that did not recur in fiscal 2016. The decline in sales and
lower gross margins contributed to the reported operating loss of $3,040 for fiscal 2016 compared to operating income of $909
for the prior year period. For a detailed discussion of our revenue, margins, earnings and other financial results for the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2016, see  Results of Operations   2016 Compared to 2015 below. 

As of September 30,
2016, we had $386 of cash and cash equivalents as compared to $438 of cash and cash equivalents at the end of fiscal 2015. In
fiscal 2016, we generated $1,060 in cash from operations as compared to $2,104 in fiscal 2015. Total capital expenditures decreased
in fiscal 2016 to $1,256, down from $1,467 in fiscal 2015. 

In
January 2015, we entered into a lease agreement with Cook Biotech, Inc. to generate additional cash flow from underutilized space.
The initial term of the lease is approximately nine years and 11 months for 50,730 square feet of office, manufacturing and warehouse
space located at the Company s headquarters. We do not believe the lease will materially impact the Company s business
or service capabilities over the foreseeable future. The lease agreement has and will provide the Company with additional cash
in the range of approximately $50 per month during the first year of the initial term to approximately $57 per month during the
final year of the initial term. Capital improvements of approximately $800 were made to relocate manufacturing  
  and update our office and meeting space. The relocation and associated improvements helped
to create a more lean manufacturing process. The Company accounts for rental payments received as a reduction in general and administrative
expense.  

Our long-term strategic
objective is to maximize the Company s intrinsic value per share.  While we remain focused on reducing our costs
through productivity and better processes and a continued emphasis on generating free cash flow, we are also dedicated to the
strategies that drive our top-line growth. We are intensifying our efforts to improve our processes, embrace change and wisely
employ our liquidity position. Refer to Note 2, Management s Plan, for further information regarding the Company s
plan to address current operations. 

Results of Operations  

The following table summarizes
the consolidated statement of operations as a percentage of total revenues: 

(a)    Percentage of service and product revenues, respectively.  

2016 Compared to 2015   

Services and Products Revenues  

Revenues for the year
ended September 30, 2016 decreased 9.9% to $20,441 compared to $22,698 for the year ended September 30, 2015. 

Our Services revenue decreased
10.4% in fiscal 2016 to $15,924 compared to $17,768 for the prior fiscal year. Preclinical services revenues increased slightly
due to an increase in the number of canine and monkey studies from the prior year. Other laboratory services revenues were negatively
impacted by lower pharmaceutical analysis revenues due to fewer bioequivalence studies in fiscal 2016 versus fiscal 2015. Bioanalytical
analysis revenues declined 21.6% due to fewer samples received and analyzed in fiscal 2016 plus an increase in method development
and validation projects during that time period, which generate lower revenue but involve more dedicated resources. 

Sales in our Products
segment decreased 8.4% from $4,930 to $4,517 when compared to the prior fiscal year. The decline stems from lower sales of consumables
associated with our  Culex    ,  in vivo  sampling systems along with lower sales of analytical instruments
slightly offset by an increase in hardware maintenance and service revenue versus the same period one year ago. 

Cost of Revenue  

Cost of revenue for the year ended September
30, 2016 was $16,016 or 78.4% of revenue compared to $15,209 or 67.0% of revenue for the prior fiscal year. 

Cost of Services revenue
as a percentage of Services revenue increased to 83.9% in the current fiscal year from 70.5% in the prior fiscal year. The principal
cause of this increase was the decrease in revenues, which led to lower absorption of the fixed costs in our Services segment.
A significant portion of our costs of productive capacity in the Service segment are fixed. Thus, decreases in revenues lead to
increases in costs as a percentage of revenue. In addition, due to the timing of certain studies, we incurred higher scientific
professional services in fiscal 2016 versus fiscal 2015. Further, costs were lower in fiscal 2015 due to an early termination
of a preclinical services project. Because of the early termination, certain costs related to the completion of the projects were
reduced or eliminated. 

Cost of Products revenue
as a percentage of Products revenue in the current fiscal year increased to 58.9% from 54.5% in the prior fiscal year. This increase
is mainly due to a change in the mix of products sold in the current fiscal year as well as increased raw material costs and lean
initiatives completed in fiscal 2016. 

Operating Expenses  

Selling expenses for the
year ended September 30, 2016 increased by 1.5% to $1,417 from $1,396 for the year ended September 30, 2015. This increase stems
from slightly higher costs associated with the Company s presentations and attendance at tradeshows in fiscal 2016. 

Research and development
expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016 decreased 30.6% to $496 from $715 for the year ended September 30, 2015. The decrease
was primarily due to lower utilization of outsourced professional engineering services, partially offset by the addition of engineering
personnel. 

General and administrative
expenses for the current fiscal year decreased 9.7% to $4,581 from $5,074 for the prior fiscal year. The principal reason for
the decrease in fiscal 2016 was the provision for bad debt of $505 in fiscal 2015 that did not recur plus additional building
rental income of $286, which was deducted from general and administrative expense, partially offset by increased medical, recruiting
and consulting expenses in fiscal 2016. 

Operating expenses for
fiscal 2015 were favorably impacted by a mediation settlement from a service provider as described in Note 14 to the consolidated
financial statements, which reduced operating expenses by $605, net of legal expenses for fiscal 2015. 

We performed our annual
goodwill impairment test as of September 30, 2016, the end of our fiscal year. The estimated fair value of our Bioanalytical Services
reporting unit was less than its related book value and we determined that its goodwill balance was impaired. In late fiscal 2015,
we began to experience a declining revenue pattern resulting from a smaller percentage of quotes accepted in this reporting unit
due in part to staff turnover in our Business Development group. Accordingly, step two of the goodwill impairment test was completed
for the Bioanalytical Services reporting unit which resulted in an impairment charge totaling $971 in the fourth quarter of fiscal
2016. There was no indication of impairment for the Preclinical Services reporting unit as of September 30, 2016. 

Other Income/Expense   

Other income, net, was
expense of $204 for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to income of $205 for the year ended September 30, 2015. The
primary reason for the change in expense was due to a smaller decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability in 2016 compared
to the prior year. Also, interest expense increased $111 or 39% in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 due to increased use of
the line of credit and the charges associated with the forbearance agreements. 

Income Taxes  

Our effective tax rate
for the year ended September 30, 2016 was 0.4% compared to 1.4% for the prior fiscal year. The current year expense primarily
relates to state income taxes and a true-up adjustment for alternative minimum taxes from the prior year. No net benefits have
been provided on taxable losses in the current fiscal year. 

Restructuring Activities  

In March 2012, we announced
a plan to restructure our bioanalytical laboratory operations. We consolidated our laboratory in McMinnville, Oregon into our
120,000 square foot headquarters facility in West Lafayette, Indiana and closed our facility and bioanalytical laboratory in Warwickshire,
United Kingdom. We continue to sell our products globally while further consolidating delivery of our CRO services into our two
Indiana locations. 

We reserved for lease
payments at the cease use date for our UK facility and have considered free rent, sublease rentals and the number of days it would
take to restore the space to its original condition prior to our improvements. In the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we began amortizing
into general and administrative expense, equally through the cease use date, the estimated rent income of $200 when the reserve
was originally established. We have been unsuccessful at subleasing the facility. Based on these matters, we have $1,000 reserved
for UK lease related costs at September 30, 2016. We have previously communicated with the landlord regarding the nature and timing
of rent under the lease. The UK building lease expires in 2023 but includes an opt out provision after 7 years, which occurred
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and was exercised. 

Other
costs of $117 have been accrued for legal and professional fees and other costs estimated to be incurred in connection with transitioning
services from sites being closed as well as costs incurred to remove improvements previously made to the UK facility.   In
fiscal 2015, all related investments in the UK operations were written off.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Comparative Cash Flow Analysis  

At September 30, 2016,
we had cash and cash equivalents of $386 compared to $438 at September 30, 2015. 

Net cash provided by operating
activities was $1,060 for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $2,104 for
the year ended September 30, 2015. A net loss in fiscal 2016 compared to net income in fiscal 2015 contributed to the decrease
in cash provided by operating activities. Other contributing factors to our cash from operations in fiscal 2016 were noncash charges
of $1,556 for depreciation and amortization, $971 for goodwill impairment and $45 for stock option expense as well as a decrease
in accounts receivable of $1,639 and an increase in accounts payable of $1,122. These factors were partially offset, among other
items, by a decrease in accrued expenses of $621 and a decrease in customer advances of $300. Days  sales in accounts receivable
decreased to 40 days at September 30, 2016 from 73 days at September 30, 2015   due to timelier customer payments and a decrease
in unbilled revenues .  It is not unusual to see a fluctuation in the Company's pattern of days  sales in accounts
receivable. Customers may expedite or delay payments from period-to-period for a variety of reasons including, but not limited
to, the timing of capital raised to fund on-going research and development projects. 

Included in operating
activities for fiscal 2015 are non-cash charges of $1,437 for depreciation and amortization and $79 for stock option expense.
Working capital changes in fiscal 2015 included an increase in customer advances of $424, an increase in accounts receivable of
$579 and a decrease in inventory of $98. 

Investing activities used
$1,256 in fiscal 2016 due to capital expenditures as opposed to $1,434 in fiscal 2015. The investing activity in fiscal 2016 consisted
of investments in computing infrastructure, building improvements and equipment. The investing activity in fiscal 2015 consisted
of investments in computing infrastructure, building improvements and equipment replacement. 

Financing activities provided
$143 in fiscal year 2016 as compared to $1,213 used in fiscal 2015. The main source of cash in fiscal 2016 was net borrowings
on our line of credit of $1,272 offset by capital lease payments of $278, net payments on our long-term debt of $786 and payment
of debt issuance costs of $68. The main uses of cash in fiscal 2015 were for net payments on our line of credit of $116, capital
lease payments of $279 as well as net payments on our long-term debt of $786. 

Capital Resources  

On May 14, 2014, we entered
into a Credit Agreement with Huntington Bank, which was subsequently amended on May 14, 2015 ( Agreement ). The Agreement
includes both a term loan and a revolving loan and is secured by mortgages on our facilities in West Lafayette and Evansville,
Indiana and liens on our personal property. As of December 31, 2015, we were not in compliance with certain financial covenants
of the Agreement, and during fiscal 2016 we have operated either in default of, or under forbearance arrangements with respect
to, the Agreement. 

On April 27, 2016, the
Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement and Second Amendment to Credit Agreement with Huntington Bank and on July 1, 2016,
the Company entered into a Second Forbearance Agreement and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement ( Second Forbearance Agreement )
with Huntington Bank. As of June 30, 2016, the Company was not in compliance with an additional financial covenant under the Second
Forbearance Agreement, resulting in termination of the forbearance period thereunder. On September 30, 2016, the Company entered
into a Third Forbearance Agreement and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement with Huntington Bank and on October 31, 2016, the
Company entered into a Fourth Forbearance Agreement and Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement ( Fourth Forbearance Agreement )
with Huntington Bank. Subject to the conditions set forth in the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, Huntington Bank has agreed to continue
to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies under the Agreement and from terminating the Company s related swap agreement
with respect to the Company s non-compliance with applicable financial covenants under the Agreement and any further non-compliance
with such covenants during a forbearance period ending January 31, 2017 and to continue to make advances under the Agreement. 

In exchange for Huntington
Bank s agreement to continue to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies under the Agreement, the Company has agreed
to, among other things: (i) amend the maturity dates for the term and revolving loans under the Agreement to January 31, 2017,
(ii) take commercially reasonable efforts to obtain funds sufficient to repay the indebtedness in full upon the expiration of
the forbearance period, (iii) provide to Huntington Bank certain cash flow forecasts and other financial information, (iv) comply
with a minimum cash flow covenant, and (v) continue to engage the services of the Company s financial consultant and cause
the financial consultant to provide Huntington Bank such information regarding its efforts as Huntington Bank reasonably requests.
As required under the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, the Company s Board of Directors has directed management to seek alternatives
that will enable the Company to repay its indebtedness to Huntington Bank in full upon the expiration of the current forbearance
period. 

The Fourth Forbearance
Agreement provides for immediate termination of the forbearance period upon the occurrence of, among other events, the failure
of the Company to perform, observe or comply with the terms of the Fourth Forbearance Agreement. The available remedies in the
event of a default by the Company include among others, the ability to accelerate and immediately demand payment of the outstanding
debt under our term loan and revolving loan, to exercise on the security interest, to take possession of or sell the underlying
collateral, to refrain from making additional advances under the revolving loan, to increase interest accruing on the debt by
five percent (5%) per annum over the otherwise applicable rate effective after receipt of written notice from Huntington Bank,
and to terminate our interest rate swap. 

The term loan for $5,500
bears interest at LIBOR plus 325 basis points with monthly principal payments of approximately $65 plus interest. We have made
all required principal payments on the term loan. The balance on the term loan at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was
$3,666 and $4,452, respectively. The revolving loan for $2,000 bears interest at LIBOR plus 300 basis points with interest paid
monthly. The revolving loan also carries a facility fee of .25%, paid quarterly, for the unused portion of the revolving loan.
The revolving loan includes an annual clean-up provision that requires the Company to maintain a balance of not more than 20%
of the maximum loan of $2,000 for a period of 30 days in any 12 month period while the revolving loan is outstanding. The revolving
loan balance was $1,358 and $86 at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Were Huntington Bank to
demand payment of the outstanding debt (whether at or, in the case of a default of the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, prior to
the scheduled maturity of the loans on January 31, 2017), we would currently have insufficient funds to satisfy that obligation,
and the bank s exercise of alternative remedies could also have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial
condition. As an example, in recent periods we have drawn on our revolving facility to supplement cash from operations. Should
cash from operating activities remain insufficient to cover expenses and if Huntington Bank determines to refrain from making
additional advances under the revolving facility, we may not have the requisite funds to continue operations. 

We cannot provide assurance
that we will be able to complete initiatives to refinance our indebtedness or otherwise resolve our liquidity issues. If we are
unable to execute on our initiatives, we may have insufficient funds to both satisfy our debt obligations and operate our business. 

As described above, on
January 28, 2015, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Cook Biotech, Inc. The lease agreement has and will provide
the Company with additional cash in the range approximately $50 per month during the first year of the initial term to approximately
$57 per month during the final year of the initial term. 

The following table summarizes
the cash payments under our contractual term debt and other obligations at September 30, 2016 and the effect such obligations
are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future fiscal periods (amounts in thousands). The table does not include
our revolving line of credit. Additional information on the debt is described in Note 8, Debt Arrangements. 

Interest Rate Swap  

We
entered into an interest rate swap agreement with respect to the above loans to fix the interest rate with respect to 60% of the
value of the term loan at approximately 5.0%. We entered into this derivative transaction to hedge interest rate risk of the related
debt obligation and not to speculate on interest rates.  The changes in the fair value of the interest
rate swap are recorded in  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  (AOCI) to the extent effective.
We assess on an ongoing basis whether the derivative that is used in the hedging transaction is highly effective in offsetting
changes in cash flows of the hedged debt.    The Fourth Forbearance
Agreement amended the terms of the interest rate swap to match the terms of the underlying debt resulting in no ineffectiveness.  

Equity Offering (amounts in this section
not in thousands)  

On May 11, 2011, we completed
a registered public offering of 5,506 units at a price of $1,000 per unit. Each unit consisted of one 6% Series A convertible
preferred share which is convertible into 500 common shares at a conversion price of $2.00 per share, one Class A Warrant to purchase
250 common shares at an exercise price of $2.00 per share, and one Class B Warrant to purchase 250 common shares at an exercise
price of $2.00 per share. 

The
designation, rights, preferences and other terms and provisions of the Preferred Shares are set forth in the Certificate of Designation.
The Series A preferred shares participate in any dividends payable upon our common shares on an  as converted  basis.
The Class B Warrants expired in May 2012 and the Class A Warrants expired in May 2016. The Class A Warrants were accounted for
as a liability using the fair value for each on the issuance date and were marked to fair value at each reporting date. The net
proceeds from the sale of the units, after deducting the fees and expenses of the placement agent and other expenses were $4.6
million. We used the proceeds for the purchase of laboratory equipment and for working capital and general corporate purposes.
Because the preferred dividend or make-whole payment is triggered at the option of the preferred shareholder, we recorded the
dividend liability at the time of the offering close and will not have any preferred dividend liability subsequent to the fiscal
quarter ended June 30, 2011.  

As of September 30, 2016,
4,321 preferred shares had been converted into 2,564,108 common shares and 217,366 common shares have been issued for quarterly
preferred dividends for remaining outstanding, unconverted preferred shares. At September 30, 2016, 1,185 preferred shares remained
outstanding. 

Inflation  

We do not believe that
inflation has had a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Liquidity and Capital Resources  discusses
the consolidated financial statements of the Company, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. Preparation of these financial statements requires management to make judgments and estimates that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.
Certain significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of the financial statements require management to make difficult,
subjective or complex judgments, and are considered critical accounting policies. We have identified the following areas as critical
accounting policies. 

Revenue Recognition  

The majority of our Bioanalytical
and analytical research service contracts involve the development of analytical methods and the processing of bioanalytical samples
for pharmaceutical companies and generally provide for a fixed fee for each sample processed. Revenue is recognized under the
specific performance method of accounting and the related direct costs are recognized when services are performed. Our preclinical
research service contracts generally consist of preclinical studies, and revenue is recognized under the proportional performance
method of accounting. Revisions in profit estimates, if any, are reflected on a cumulative basis in the period in which such revisions
become known. The establishment of contract prices and total contract costs involves estimates we make at the inception of the
contract. These estimates could change during the term of the contract and impact the revenue and costs reported in the consolidated
financial statements. Revisions to estimates have generally not been material. Research service contract fees received upon acceptance
are deferred until earned, and classified within customer advances. Unbilled revenues represent revenues earned under contracts
in advance of billings. 

Product revenue from sales
of equipment not requiring installation, testing or training is recognized upon shipment to customers. One product includes internally
developed software and requires installation, testing and training, which occur concurrently. Revenue from these sales is recognized
upon completion of the installation, testing and training when the services are bundled with the equipment sale. 

Long-Lived Assets, Including Goodwill  

Long-lived assets, such
as property and equipment, and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and
used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be
generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized
of the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. 

We carry goodwill at cost.
Other intangible assets with definite lives are stated at cost and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated
useful lives. All intangible assets acquired that are obtained through contractual or legal right, or are capable of being separately
sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged, are recognized as an asset apart from goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized .

Goodwill is tested annually
for impairment and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. First, we can assess
qualitative factors in determining whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than
its carrying amount. Then, we follow a two-step quantitative process. In the first step, we compare the fair value of each
reporting unit, as computed primarily by present value cash flow calculations, to its book carrying value, including goodwill.
We do not believe that market value is indicative of the true fair value of the Company mainly due to average daily trading volumes
of less than 1%. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further work is required and no impairment loss is recognized.
If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, the goodwill of the reporting unit is potentially impaired and we would then complete
step 2 in order to measure the impairment loss. In step 2, the implied fair value is compared to the carrying amount of the goodwill.
If the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value of goodwill, we would recognize an impairment loss equal
to the difference. The implied fair value is calculated by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit (as determined in step
1) to all of its assets and liabilities (including unrecognized intangible assets) and any excess in fair value that is not assigned
to the assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. 

The discount rate, gross
margin and sales growth rates are the material assumptions utilized in our calculations of the present value cash flows used to
estimate the fair value of the reporting units when performing the annual goodwill impairment test. Our reporting units with goodwill
at September 30, 2015 were Bioanalytical Services and Preclinical Services, which are both included in our contract research services
segment, based on the discrete financial information available which is reviewed by management. We utilize a cash flow approach
in estimating the fair value of the reporting units, where the discount rate reflects a weighted average cost of capital rate.
The cash flow model used to derive fair value is sensitive to the discount rate and sales growth assumptions used. 

We performed our annual
goodwill impairment test for all reporting units mentioned above at September 30, 2016. There was no indication of impairment
for the Preclinical Services reporting unit as of September 30, 2016. The estimated fair value of our Bioanalytical Services reporting
unit was less than its related book value and we determined that its goodwill balance was impaired. This was a result of the rates
of growth, earnings and cash flow expectations for future performance that were below the Company s previous projections.
In late fiscal 2015, we began to experience a declining revenue pattern resulting from a smaller percentage of quotes accepted
in this reporting unit due in part to staff turnover in our Business Development group. Accordingly, step two of the goodwill
impairment test was completed for the Bioanalytical Services reporting unit which resulted in an impairment charge totaling $971
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. We have taken several steps that will be vital to helping drive improvement in our top line
performance in this reporting unit. We will continue our focus on sales execution, operational excellence and building strategic
partnerships with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. We will also continue to expand our marketing efforts by building
on the reporting unit s inherent strengths in specialty assay and drug discovery, and regulatory excellence. 

Considerable management
judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate future cash flows. Assumptions
used in our impairment evaluations, such as forecasted sales growth rates and our cost of capital or discount rate, are based
on the best available market information. Changes in these estimates or a continued decline in general economic conditions could
change our conclusion regarding an impairment of goodwill and potentially result in a non-cash impairment loss in a future period.
The assumptions used in our impairment testing could be adversely affected by certain of the risks discussed in  Risk Factors 
in Item 1A of this report. There have been no significant events since the timing of our impairment tests that would have triggered
additional impairment testing. 

At September 30, 2016
the remaining recorded goodwill was $38 compared to $1,009 at September 30, 2015. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

We recognize the cost
resulting from all share-based payment transactions in our financial statements using a fair-value-based method. We measure compensation
cost for all share-based awards based on estimated fair values and recognize compensation over the vesting period for awards.
We recognized stock-based compensation related to stock options of $45 and $79 during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

We use the binomial option
valuation model to determine the grant date fair value. The determination of fair value is affected by our common share price
as well as assumptions regarding subjective and complex variables such as expected employee exercise behavior and our expected
stock price volatility over the term of the award. Generally, our assumptions are based on historical information and judgment
is required to determine if historical trends may be indicators of future outcomes. We estimated the following key assumptions
for the binomial valuation calculation:  

Risk-free interest rate.  The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury yields
in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option.   

Expected volatility.  We use our historical share price volatility on our common shares for
our expected volatility assumption.   

Expected term.  The expected term represents the weighted-average period the stock options
are expected to remain outstanding. The expected term is determined based on historical exercise behavior, post-vesting termination
patterns, options outstanding and future expected exercise behavior.   

Expected dividends.  We assumed that we will pay no dividends.   

Employee stock-based compensation
expense recognized in fiscal 2016 and 2015 was calculated based on awards ultimately expected to vest and has been reduced for
estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates
and an adjustment will be recognized at that time.  

Income Tax Accounting  

As described in Note 9
to the consolidated financial statements, we use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. We recognize deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. We
measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We recognize the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
of a change in tax rates in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We record valuation allowances based on a determination
of the expected realization of tax assets. 

We recognize the tax benefit
from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits
of the position. We measure the amount of the accrual for which an exposure exists as the largest amount of benefit determined
on a cumulative probability basis that we believe is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement of the position. 

We record interest and
penalties accrued in relation to uncertain income tax positions as a component of income tax expense. Any changes in the accrued
liability for uncertain tax positions would impact our effective tax rate. Over the next twelve months we do not anticipate resolution
to the carrying value of our reserve. Interest and penalties are included in the reserve. 

As of September 30, 2016
and 2015, we had a $16 liability for uncertain income tax positions, respectively. 

We file income tax returns
in the U.S. and several U.S. states. We remain subject to examination by taxing authorities in the jurisdictions in which we have
filed returns for years after 2011. 

We have an accumulated
net deficit in our UK subsidiary. With the closure of the UK facility, we no longer have any filing obligations in the UK. Consequently,
the related deferred tax asset on such losses and related valuation allowance on the UK subsidiary have been removed. 

Inventories  

Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost method of accounting. We evaluate inventories on a regular
basis to identify inventory on hand that may be obsolete or in excess of current and future projected market demand. For inventory
deemed to be obsolete, we provide a reserve for this inventory. Inventory that is in excess of current and projected use is reduced
by an allowance to a level that approximates the estimate of future demand. 

Fair Value of Warrant Liability  

In May 2011, we issued
Class A and B Warrants measured at fair value on a recurring basis. We recorded these warrants as a liability determining the
fair value at inception on May 11, 2011. Subsequent quarterly fair value measurements, using the Black Scholes model which is
considered a level 2 fair value measurement, were calculated with fair value changes charged to the statement of operations and
comprehensive income (loss). The Class B Warrants expired in May 2012 and the liability was reduced to zero. Similar, the Class
A Warrants expired in May 2016 and the liability was reduced to zero. The fair value of the warrants exercised was $854. The following
table sets forth the changes in the fair value of the warrant liability for fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively: 

Interest Rate Swap  

The Company uses an interest
rate swap designated as a cash flow hedge to fix 60% of the Huntington debt due to mitigate changes in interest rates. The changes
in the fair value of the interest rate swap are recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) to the extent effective.
We assess on an ongoing basis whether the derivative that is used in the hedging transaction is highly effective in offsetting
changes in cash flows of the hedged debt. The terms of the interest rate swap match the terms of the underlying debt resulting
in no ineffectiveness. When we determine that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge, hedge accounting is discontinued
and we reclassify gains or losses that were accumulated in AOCI to other income (expense), net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

Building Lease  

The Lease Agreement with
Cook Biotech, Inc. for a portion of the Company s headquarters facility is recorded as an operating lease with the escalating
rents being recognized on a straight-line basis once the Tenant took full possession of the space on May 1, 2015 through the end
of the lease on December 31, 2024. The straight line rents of $53 per month are recorded as a reduction to general and administrative
expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) and other accounts receivable on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. The cash rent received is recorded in lease rent receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The variance between
the straight line rents recognized and the actual cash rents received will net to zero by the end of the agreement on December
31, 2024. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

Effective October 1, 2018,
the Company will be required to adopt the new guidance of ASC Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606),
which will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition . Topic 606 requires the
Company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires the
Company to apply the following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the
contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract;
and (5) recognize revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company will be required to adopt Topic
606 either on a full retrospective basis to each prior reporting period presented or on a modified retrospective basis with the
cumulative effect of initially applying the new guidance recognized at the date of initial application. If the Company elects
the modified retrospective approach, it will be required to provide additional disclosures of the amount by which each financial
statement line item is affected in the current reporting period, as compared to the guidance that was in effect before the change,
and an explanation of the reasons for significant changes. The Company has not yet assessed the impact of the new guidance on
its consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2013, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued authoritative guidance that requires that an entity net its liability for
unrecognized tax positions against a net operating loss carry-forward, a similar tax loss or a tax credit carry-forward when settlement
in this manner is available under the tax law. The Company adopted this guidance effective at the beginning of its 2015 fiscal
year with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2014, the FASB issued new guidance in  Accounting Standards Update
(ASU) No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).  The update provides
guidance regarding management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the
first quarter of fiscal 2017.  We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial
statements. 

In
November 2014, the FASB issued new guidance in ASU No. 2014-16,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815)   Determining
whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity. 
The guidance clarifies how current GAAP should be interpreted in subjectively evaluating the economic characteristics and risks
of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share.  The Company adopted this guidance
with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2015, the FASB amended guidance in ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation Topic 810.  The guidance made certain
targeted revisions to various area of the consolidation guidance, including the determination of the primary beneficiary of an
entity, among others.  The Company adopted this guidance with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB
amended the existing accounting standards for imputation of interest. The amendments require that debt issuance costs related
to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability,
consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by these amendments.
The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments
should be applied retrospectively with the adjusted balance sheet of each individual period presented, in order to reflect the
period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. The effect of adopting this guidance will be to reclass $10 of debt issuance
costs at September 30, 2016 to current portion of long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet. 

In July 2015, the FASB
issued an amendment to the accounting guidance related to the measurement of inventory. The amendment revises inventory to be
measured at lower of cost and net realizable value from lower of cost or market. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory
measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method. This guidance will be effective prospectively for the
first quarter of fiscal 2018, with early application permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will
have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued updated guidance on leases which, for operating leases, requires a lessee to recognize a right-of-use asset and a
lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, in its balance sheet. The standard also requires
a lessee to recognize a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term, on a generally
straight-line basis. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within
those fiscal years, with earlier application permitted. We are currently evaluating the effects of the adoption and have not yet
determined the impact the revised guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

ITEM 7A       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8   FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements   

Page    
 
      Consolidated Financial Statements of Bioanalytical Systems, Inc.   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      42   

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Years Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      43   

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      44   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      45   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      46   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
      65   

Financial Statement Schedules:  

Schedules are not required, are not applicable or the information is shown in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

AND COMPREHENSIVE
(LOSS) INCOME    
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY   

 (In thousands, except number of shares) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

 (In thousands) 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS,
INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

(Amounts in thousands unless otherwise
indicated)  

1.    DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION    

Bioanalytical Systems,
Inc. and its subsidiaries ( We,  the  Company  or  BASi ) engage in contract laboratory research
services and other services related to pharmaceutical development. We also manufacture scientific instruments for life sciences
research, which we sell with related software for use by pharmaceutical companies, universities, government research centers and
medical research institutions. Our customers are located throughout the world. 

During fiscal 2016
we have operated either in default of, or under forbearance arrangements with respect to, our credit agreements with Huntington
National Bank ( Huntington Bank ), as more fully described under  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Capital Resources   Credit Facility.  Effective October 31,
2016, we entered into a Fourth Forbearance Agreement and Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the  Fourth Forbearance Agreement )
with Huntington Bank. Pursuant to the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, Huntington Bank agreed to forbear from exercising its rights
and remedies under the Company s credit facility and from terminating the Company s related swap agreement with respect
to the Company s non-compliance with applicable financial covenants under the credit agreement and any further non-compliance
with such covenants until January 31, 2017. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness before the end of the forbearance period,
and were Huntington Bank to demand payment on the outstanding debt under our credit arrangements, we would have insufficient funds
to satisfy that obligation. In such case, in addition to the ability to immediately demand payment of the outstanding debt under
our term loan and revolving loan, Huntington Bank would have the right to exercise its security interest, to take possession of
or sell the underlying collateral, to increase interest accruing on the debt, to refrain from making additional advances under
the revolving loan, and to terminate our interest rate swap. We have classified the entire term loan payable to Huntington Bank
and the interest rate swap agreement with Huntington Bank as current liabilities of the Company. 

2.    MANAGEMENT S PLAN    

The Company s
consolidated financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes continuity of operations and realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the event
the Company s plans, including plans to rectify our liquidity issues, are not successful. As noted above, during fiscal
2016 we have operated either in default of, or under forbearance arrangements with respect to, our credit agreements with Huntington
National Bank. During recent periods, we have experienced depressed revenues as compared to historical levels. A significant portion
of our costs are fixed. Thus, decreases in revenues lead to decreased margins, which in turn negatively impacts cash provided from
operating activities. To supplement cash from operating activities, we have recently relied, and may in the future rely, on our
cash balance and supplemental funds from our credit arrangements. The Company s liquidity circumstances, including the potential
inability to find replacement financing, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern,
and management has and will continue to take measures to mitigate that possibility. 

We cannot provide assurance
that we will be able to satisfy our cash requirements from cash provided by operating activities on a go-forward basis. If our
working capital needs and capital expenditure requirements exceed cash provided by operating activities, then we may again look
to our cash balance and committed credit lines, if any, to satisfy those needs. The term of our Fourth Forbearance Agreement ends
on January 31, 2017, after which, or sooner should we default on the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, Huntington Bank may refrain
from making additional advances under our revolving loan. In addition, alternative financing sources may hesitate to enter into
credit arrangements with us due in part to real and/or perceived difficulties in achieving revenue growth. 

The Company s
Board of Directors has directed management to seek alternatives that will enable the Company to repay its indebtedness to Huntington
Bank in full upon the expiration of the forbearance period. The Company continues to pursue liquidity alternatives, including but
not limited to, the potential disposition of certain of its assets and the possible sale of its West Lafayette facilities. Management
has been reviewing details of all current account management and marketing programs as well as all invoicing and top line growth
initiatives. Management also has been, and continues to be, actively engaged in more effectively controlling operating costs in
the short-term as we strive for long term stabilization. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to resolve our liquidity
issues on satisfactory terms, or at all. 

In addition, we are
taking steps to strengthen our leadership team including the pursuit of a new Chief Executive Officer.  Strengthening
the overall leadership team represents an important step forward in the Company s continuing program to build a management
team with the depth, experience and dedication to position the Company to deliver profitable growth over the long-term. 

3.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

(a)    Principles of Consolidation    

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions
have been eliminated. 

(b)    Revenue Recognition    

The majority of our
bioanalytical and analytical research service contracts involve the development of analytical methods and the processing of bioanalytical
samples for pharmaceutical companies and generally provide for a fixed fee for each sample processed. Revenue is recognized under
the specific performance method of accounting and the related direct costs are recognized when services are performed. Our preclinical
research service contracts generally consist of preclinical studies, and revenue is recognized under the proportional performance
method of accounting. Revisions in profit estimates, if any, are reflected on a cumulative basis in the period in which such revisions
become known. The establishment of contract prices and total contract costs involves estimates we make at the inception of the
contract. These estimates could change during the term of the contract and impact the revenue and costs reported in the consolidated
financial statements. Revisions to estimates have generally not been material. Research service contract fees received upon acceptance
are deferred until earned, and classified within customer advances. Unbilled revenues represent revenues earned under contracts
in advance of billings. 

Product revenue from
sales of equipment not requiring installation, testing or training is recognized upon shipment to customers. One product includes
internally developed software and requires installation, testing and training, which occur concurrently. Revenue from these sales
is recognized upon completion of the installation, testing and training when the services are bundled with the equipment sale. 

(c)    Cash Equivalents    

We consider all highly
liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. At September 30, 2016,
we did not have any cash accounts that exceeded federally insured limits. 

(d)    Accounts Receivable    

We perform periodic
credit evaluations of our customers  financial conditions and generally do not require collateral on trade accounts receivable.
We account for trade receivables based on the amounts billed to customers. Past due receivables are determined based on contractual
terms. We do not accrue interest on any of our trade receivables. The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined by management
based on our historical losses, specific customer circumstances, and general economic conditions. Periodically, management reviews
accounts receivable and adjusts the allowance based on current circumstances and charges off uncollectible receivables when all
attempts to collect have failed. Our allowance for doubtful accounts was $565 and $559 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
A summary of activity in our allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows: 

(e)    Inventories    

Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost method of accounting. We evaluate inventories on a regular
basis to identify inventory on hand that may be obsolete or in excess of current and future projected market demand. For inventory
deemed to be obsolete, we provide a reserve. Inventory that is in excess of current and projected use is reduced by an allowance
to a level that approximates the estimate of future demand. A summary of activity in our inventory obsolescence is as follows for
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(f)    Property and Equipment    

We record property
and equipment at cost, including interest capitalized during the period of construction of major facilities. We compute depreciation,
including amortization on capital leases, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which we
estimate to be: buildings and improvements, 34 to 40 years; machinery and equipment, 5 to 10 years, and office furniture and fixtures,
10 years. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred unless the life of the asset is extended beyond one
year, which would qualify for asset treatment. Depreciation expense was $1,398 in fiscal 2016 and $1,402 in fiscal 2015. Property
and equipment, net, as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

(g)    Long-Lived Assets including Goodwill    

Long-lived assets,
such as property and equipment, and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be
held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected
to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge
is recognized of the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. 

We carry goodwill at
cost. Other intangible assets with definite lives are stated at cost and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated
useful lives. All intangible assets acquired that are obtained through contractual or legal right, or are capable of being separately
sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged, are recognized as an asset apart from goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized .

Goodwill is tested
annually for impairment and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. First, we can
assess qualitative factors in determining whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less
than its carrying amount. We elected to bypass the qualitative assessment aspect of this guidance. We proceeded directly to
a two-step quantitative process. In the first step, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit, as computed primarily by
present value cash flow calculations, to its book carrying value, including goodwill. We do not believe that market value is indicative
of the true fair value of the Company mainly due to average daily trading volumes of less than 1%. If the fair value exceeds the
carrying value, no further work is required and no impairment loss is recognized. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value,
the goodwill of the reporting unit is potentially impaired and we would then complete step 2 in order to measure the impairment
loss. In step 2, the implied fair value is compared to the carrying amount of the goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill
is less than the carrying value of goodwill, we would recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference. The implied fair value
is calculated by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit (as determined in step 1) to all of its assets and liabilities
(including unrecognized intangible assets) and any excess in fair value that is not assigned to the assets and liabilities is the
implied fair value of goodwill. 

The discount rate, gross margin and
sales growth rates are material assumptions utilized in our calculations of the present value cash flows used to estimate the fair
value of the reporting units when performing the annual goodwill impairment test. Our reporting units with goodwill at September
30, 2015 were bioanalytical services and preclinical services, which are both included in our Services segment, based on the discrete
financial information available which is reviewed by management. We utilize a cash flow approach in estimating the fair value of
the reporting units, where the discount rate reflects a weighted average cost of capital rate. The cash flow model used to derive
fair value is sensitive to the discount rate and sales growth assumptions used.  

We performed our annual
goodwill impairment test for all reporting units mentioned above at September 30, 2016. There was no indication of impairment for
the Preclinical Services reporting unit as of September 30, 2016. The estimated fair value of our Bioanalytical Services reporting
unit was less than its related book value and we determined that its goodwill balance was impaired. This was a result of the rates
of growth, earnings and cash flow expectations for future performance that were below the Company s previous projections.
In late fiscal 2015, we began to experience a declining revenue pattern resulting from a smaller percentage of quotes accepted
in this reporting unit due in part to staff turnover in our Business Development group that we were unable to reverse in fiscal
2016. Accordingly, step two of the goodwill impairment test was completed for the Bioanalytical Services reporting unit which resulted
in an impairment charge totaling $971 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. 

Considerable management
judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate future cash flows. Assumptions
used in our impairment evaluations, such as forecasted sales growth rates and our cost of capital or discount rate, are based on
the best available market information. Changes in these estimates or a continued decline in general economic conditions could change
our conclusion regarding an impairment of goodwill and potentially result in a non-cash impairment loss in a future period. The
assumptions used in our impairment testing could be adversely affected by certain risks. There have been no significant events
since the timing of our impairment tests that would have triggered additional impairment testing. 

At September 30, 2016 the remaining recorded
goodwill was $38 compared to $1,009 at September 30, 2015. The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the year ended September
30, 2016, are as follows: 

We amortize costs of
patents and licenses, which are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the fiscal years ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the amortization expense associated with these was $5 and $7, respectively. 

(h)    Advertising Expense    

We expense advertising
costs as incurred. Advertising expense was $14 and $16 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

(i)    Stock-Based Compensation    

We have a stock-based
employee compensation plan and a stock-based employee and outside director compensation plan, which are described more fully in
Note 10. All options granted under these plans have an exercise price equal to the market value of the underlying common shares
on the date of grant. We expense the estimated fair value of stock options over the vesting periods of the grants. Our policy is
to recognize expense for awards subject to graded vesting using the straight-line attribution method, reduced for estimated forfeitures. 

We use a binomial option-pricing
model as our method of valuation for share-based awards, requiring us to make certain assumptions about the future, which are more
fully described in Note 10. 

(j)    Income Taxes    

Income taxes are accounted
for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect
on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment
date. We record valuation allowances based on a determination of the expected realization of tax assets. 

We may recognize the
tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on the technical
merits of the position. The amount of the accrual for which an exposure exists is measured as the largest amount of benefit determined
on a cumulative probability basis that we believe is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement of the position. 

We record interest
and penalties accrued in relation to uncertain income tax positions as a component of income tax expense. Any changes in the liability
for uncertain tax positions would impact our effective tax rate. We do not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits
to significantly change in the next twelve months. 

(k)    Fair Value of Financial Instruments    

The provisions of the
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure Topic defines fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and
provides the disclosure requirements about fair value measurements. This Topic also establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in
measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that
the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the
asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs
that reflect the Company s judgment about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the inputs
as follows: 

Level 1   Valuations
based on quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the Company has the ability to access.  

Level 2   Valuations
based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly.  

Level 3   Valuations
based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement.  

In May 2011, we issued
Class A and B Warrants that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. We recorded these warrants as a liability determining
the fair value at inception on May 11, 2011. Subsequent quarterly fair value measurements, using the Black Scholes model which
is considered a level 2 measurement, are calculated with fair value changes charged to the statement of operations and comprehensive
income (loss). Class B Warrants expired in May 2012 and the liability was reduced to zero. Class A Warrants expired in May 2016
and the liability was reduced to zero. The assumptions used to compute the fair value of the Class A Warrants at September 30,
2015 was as follows: 

The carrying amounts
for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventories, prepaid expenses and other assets, accounts payable and other
accruals approximate their fair values because of their nature and respective duration. The carrying value of the credit facility
entered into in fiscal 2014 approximates fair value due to the variable nature of the interest rates. 

We use an interest
rate swap, designated as a hedge, to fix 60% of the debt from our Huntington credit facility. We did not enter into this derivative
transaction to speculate on interest rates, but to hedge interest rate risk. The swap is recognized on the balance sheet at its
fair value. The fair value is determined utilizing a cash flow model that takes into consideration interest rates and other inputs
observable in the market from similar types of instruments, and is therefore considered a level 2 measurement. 

The
following table summarizes fair value measurements by level as of September 30, 2016, for the Company s financial liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Level 1       
     Level 2       
     Level 3     

Interest rate swap agreement    
     $  -       
     $  35       
     $  -     
 
     Class A warrant liability    
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     

The
following table summarizes fair value measurements by level as of September 30, 2015, for the Company s financial liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

(l)    Use of Estimates    

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant estimates as part
of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements include but are not limited to the determination of fair values, allowance
for doubtful accounts, inventory obsolescence, deferred tax valuations, depreciation, impairment charges and stock compensation.
Our actual results could differ from those estimates. 

(m)    Research and Development    

In fiscal 2016 and
2015, we incurred $496 and $715, respectively, on research and development. Separate from our contract research services business,
we maintain applications research and development to enhance our products business. We expense research and development costs as
incurred. 

(n)    Interest Rate Swap    

The Company uses an
interest rate swap designated as a cash flow hedge to fix 60% of the Huntington debt due to mitigate changes in interest rates.
The changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap are recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) to the extent
effective. We assess on an ongoing basis whether the derivative that is used in the hedging transaction is highly effective in
offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged debt. The terms of the interest rate swap match the terms of the underlying debt
resulting in no ineffectiveness. When we determine that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge, hedge accounting is discontinued
and we reclassify gains or losses that were accumulated in AOCI to other income (expense), net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The balance in AOCI at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was ($35) and $53, respectively. 

(o)    Debt issuance costs    

The Company capitalizes
costs associated with the issuance of debt and amortizes them as additional interest expense over the lives of the debt on a straight-line
basis, which approximates the effective interest method. The Company believes the difference between the straight-line basis and
the effective interest method is not material to the consolidated financial statements. Upon prepayment of the related debt, the
Company accelerates the recognition of an appropriate amount of the costs as refinancing or extinguishment of debt. 

(p)    Reclassifications    

Certain amounts in
the fiscal 2015 consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the fiscal 2016 presentation without affecting
previously reported net income or stockholders  equity. 

(q)    New Accounting Pronouncements    

Effective October 1,
2018, the Company will be required to adopt the new guidance of ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),
which will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605, Revenue Recognition. Topic 606 requires the Company
to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires the Company to apply
the following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine
the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue
when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company will be required to adopt Topic 606 either on a full retrospective
basis to each prior reporting period presented or on a modified retrospective basis with the cumulative effect of initially applying
the new guidance recognized at the date of initial application. If the Company elects the modified retrospective approach, it will
be required to provide additional disclosures of the amount by which each financial statement line item is affected in the current
reporting period, as compared to the guidance that was in effect before the change, and an explanation of the reasons for significant
changes. The Company has not yet assessed the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2014, the FASB issued new guidance in  Accounting Standards Update
(ASU) No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).  The update provides
guidance regarding management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the
first quarter of fiscal 2017.  We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial
statements. 

In
November 2014, the FASB issued new guidance in ASU No. 2014-16,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815)   Determining
whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity. 
The guidance clarifies how current GAAP should be interpreted in subjectively evaluating the economic characteristics and risks
of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share.  The Company adopted this guidance
with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2015, the FASB amended guidance in ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation Topic 810.  The guidance made certain targeted
revisions to various area of the consolidation guidance, including the determination of the primary beneficiary of an entity, among
others.  The Company adopted this guidance with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

In
April 2015, the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for imputation of interest. The amendments require that debt issuance
costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of
that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected
by these amendments. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Early adoption is permitted.
The amendments should be applied retrospectively with the adjusted balance sheet of each individual period presented, in order
to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. The effect of adopting this guidance will be to reclass $10
of debt issuance costs at September 30, 2016 to current portion of long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet.  In
July 2015, the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting guidance related to the measurement of inventory. The amendment revises
inventory to be measured at lower of cost and net realizable value from lower of cost or market. Subsequent measurement is unchanged
for inventory measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method. This guidance will be effective prospectively
for the first quarter of fiscal 2018, with early application permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance
will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued updated guidance on leases which, for operating leases, requires a lessee to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease
liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, in its balance sheet. The standard also requires a lessee
to recognize a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term, on a generally straight-line
basis. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years, with earlier application permitted. We are currently evaluating the effects of the adoption and have not yet determined
the impact the revised guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

4.    SALE OF PREFERRED SHARES AND WARRANTS (not in thousands)  

On May 11, 2011, we
completed a registered public offering of 5,506 units at a price of $1,000 per unit. Each unit consisted of one 6% Series A convertible
preferred share which is convertible into 500 common shares, one Class A Warrant to purchase 250 common shares at an exercise price
of $2.00 per share, and one Class B Warrant to purchase 250 common shares at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The Class B
Warrants expired in May, 2012 and the liability was reduced to zero and the Class A Warrants expired in May, 2016 and the liability
was reduced to zero. 

The Series A preferred
shares were valued using the common shares available upon conversion of all preferred shares of 2,753,000 and the closing market
price of our stock on May 11, 2011 of $1.86. As of September 30, 2016, 4,321 preferred shares have been converted into 2,564,108
common shares and 217,366 common shares have been issued for quarterly preferred dividends for remaining outstanding, unconverted
preferred shares. As of September 30, 2016, 577,897 warrants have been exercised. At September 30, 2016, 1,185 preferred shares
remained outstanding. All dividends have been paid according to the agreement. 

The
following table summarizes the change in the estimated fair value of the Company s Class A warrants as of September 30 (in
thousands): 

For
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized income of $189 and $487, respectively, due to the change in
the estimated fair value of the Company s warrants. This income was recorded as a decrease in fair value of warrant liability
on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the respective periods. 

5.    INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE  

We compute basic income
(loss) per share using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. The Company has two categories of dilutive potential
common shares: the Series A preferred shares issued in May 2011 in connection with the registered direct offering and shares issuable
upon exercise of options. We compute diluted earnings per share using the if-converted method for preferred stock and the treasury
stock method for stock options, respectively. Shares issuable upon exercise of 209 vested options and 592 common shares issuable
upon conversion of preferred shares were not considered in computing diluted income (loss) per share for the year ended September
30, 2016, because they were anti-dilutive. 

The following table
reconciles our computation of basic net income (loss) per share to diluted net income (loss) per share: 

6.    INVENTORIES  

Inventories at September 30 consisted
of the following: 

7.    LEASE ARRANGEMENTS  

The total amount of
equipment capitalized under capital lease obligations as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $6,195 and $5,892, respectively. Accumulated
amortization on capital leases at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5,880 and $5,623, respectively. Amortization of assets acquired
through capital leases is included in depreciation expense. 

In fiscal 2016, we
had two new capital lease additions of $303 for laboratory software at our West Lafayette facility. Future minimum lease payments
on capital leases at September 30, 2016 for the next five years are as follows: 

We lease office space
and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases that terminate at various dates through 2019. Certain of these leases contain
renewal options. Total rental expense under these leases was $96 and $82 in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. The UK building
lease discussed in Note 13 expires in 2023 but includes an opt out provision after 7 years, which occurred in our fourth fiscal
quarter of 2015 and was exercised. 

Future minimum lease
payments, exclusive of rent related to the UK restructuring discussed in Note 13, for the following fiscal years under operating
leases at September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

We lease a portion
of our headquarters  building in West Lafayette, Indiana to Cook Biotech, Inc. (Tenant) as part of the Lease Agreement signed
in January 2015. The Lease Agreement has an initial term ending December 31, 2024 with escalating rents each year. The Tenant took
full possession of the space on May 1, 2015. We recognize the escalating rents on a straight-line basis as a reduction to general
and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) and lease rent receivable
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The cash rent received is recorded to the customer account and as a reduction to the other
accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The variance between the straight line rents recognized and the actual
cash rents received will net to zero in other accounts receivable by the end of the agreement on December 31, 2024. As of September
30, 2016, the rents recognized amounted to $901 and cash rent received amounted to $850. Future rental income recognized and cash
rents received for the next five years are as follows: 

8.    DEBT ARRANGEMENTS  

Long-term debt consisted of the following
at September 30: 

Cash interest payments
of $312 and $264 were made in 2016 and 2015, respectively. The following table summarizes the annual principal payments under our
term loan: 

Credit Facility  

On May 14, 2014, we
entered into a Credit Agreement with Huntington Bank, which was subsequently amended on May 14, 2015 ( Agreement ).
The Agreement includes both a term loan and a revolving loan and is secured by mortgages on our facilities in West Lafayette and
Evansville, Indiana and liens on our personal property. As of December 31, 2015, we were not in compliance with certain financial
covenants of the Agreement, and during fiscal 2016 we have operated either in default of, or under forbearance arrangements with
respect to, the Agreement. 

On April 27, 2016,
the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement and Second Amendment to Credit Agreement ( Forbearance Agreement )
with Huntington Bank and on July 1, 2016, the Company entered into a Second Forbearance Agreement and Third Amendment to Credit
Agreement ( Second Forbearance Agreement ) with Huntington Bank. As of June 30, 2016, the Company was not in compliance
with an additional financial covenant under the Second Forbearance Agreement, resulting in termination of the forbearance period
thereunder. On September 30, 2016, the Company entered into a Third Forbearance Agreement and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement
with Huntington Bank ( Third Forbearance Agreement ) and on October 31, 2016, the Company entered into a Fourth Forbearance
Agreement and Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement ( Fourth Forbearance Agreement ) with Huntington Bank. Subject to
the conditions set forth in the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, Huntington Bank has agreed to continue to forbear from exercising
its rights and remedies under the Agreement and from terminating the Company s related swap agreement with respect to the
Company s non-compliance with applicable financial covenants under the Agreement and any further non-compliance with such
covenants during a forbearance period ending January 31, 2017 and to continue to make advances under the Agreement. 

In exchange for Huntington
Bank s agreement to continue to forbear from exercising its rights and remedies under the Agreement, the Company has agreed
to, among other things: (i) amend the maturity dates for the term and revolving loans under the Agreement to January 31, 2017,
(ii) take commercially reasonable efforts to obtain funds sufficient to repay the indebtedness in full upon the expiration of the
forbearance period, (iii) provide to Huntington Bank certain cash flow forecasts and other financial information, (iv) comply with
a minimum cash flow covenant, and (v) continue to engage the services of the Company s financial consultant and cause the
financial consultant to provide Huntington Bank such information regarding its efforts as Huntington Bank reasonably requests.
As required under the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, the Company s Board of Directors has directed management to seek alternatives
that will enable the Company to repay its indebtedness to Huntington Bank in full upon the expiration of the current forbearance
period. 

The Fourth Forbearance
Agreement provides for immediate termination of the forbearance period upon the occurrence of, among other events, the failure
of the Company to perform, observe or comply with the terms of the Fourth Forbearance Agreement. The available remedies in the
event of a default by the Company include among others, the ability to accelerate and immediately demand payment of the outstanding
debt under our term loan and revolving loan, to exercise on the security interest, to take possession of or sell the underlying
collateral, to refrain from making additional advances under the revolving loan, to increase interest accruing on the debt by five
percent (5%) per annum over the otherwise applicable rate effective after receipt of written notice from Huntington Bank, and to
terminate our interest rate swap. 

The term loan bears
interest at LIBOR plus 325 basis points with monthly principal payments of approximately $65 plus interest. We have made all required
principal payments on the term loan. The balance on the term loan at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $3,666 and $4,452,
respectively. The revolving loan for $2,000 bears interest at LIBOR plus 300 basis points with interest paid monthly. The revolving
loan also carries a facility fee of .25%, paid quarterly, for the unused portion of the revolving loan. The revolving loan includes
an annual clean-up provision that requires the Company to maintain a balance of not more than 20% of the maximum loan of $2,000
for a period of 30 days in any 12 month period while the revolving loan is outstanding. The revolving loan balance was $1,358 and
$86 at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Were Huntington Bank
to demand payment of the outstanding debt (whether at or, in the case of a default of the Fourth Forbearance Agreement, prior to
the scheduled maturity of the loans on January 31, 2017), we would currently have insufficient funds to satisfy that obligation,
and the bank s exercise of alternative remedies could also have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial
condition. As an example, in recent periods we have drawn on our revolving facility to supplement cash from operations. Should
cash from operating activities remain insufficient to cover expenses and if Huntington Bank determines to refrain from making additional
advances under the revolving facility, we may not have the requisite funds to continue operations. 

We cannot provide assurance
that we will be able to complete initiatives to refinance our indebtedness or otherwise resolve our liquidity issues. If we are
unable to execute on our initiatives, we may have insufficient funds to both satisfy our debt obligations and operate our business. 

We incurred $134 of
costs in connection with the issuance of the credit facility. These costs were capitalized and were being amortized to interest
expense on a straight-line basis over five years based on the contractual term of the credit facility. In connection with the Forbearance
Agreement, we escalated the recognition of the remaining $94 from the original issuance costs to interest expense and incurred
$41 of additional costs which were amortized during the third fiscal quarter of 2016, or the period covered by the Forbearance
Agreement. We incurred $18 of costs which were amortized during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2016 from the Second Forbearance Agreement.
We incurred $10 of costs on September 30, 2016 related to the Third Forbearance that will be amortized in the first quarter of
fiscal 2017. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we amortized $153 and $28, respectively, into interest expense
on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. These noncash charges are included in depreciation
and amortization on the consolidated statements of cash flows. As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the unamortized
portion of debt issuance costs related to the credit facility was $10 and $94, respectively, and was included in Debt issue costs,
net on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Interest Rate Swap  

We entered into an
interest rate swap agreement with respect to the above loans to fix the interest rate with respect to 60% of the value of the term
loan at approximately 5.0%. We entered into this interest rate swap agreement to hedge interest rate risk of the related debt obligation
and not to speculate on interest rates. The changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap are recorded in Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income ( AOCI ) to the extent effective. We assess on an ongoing basis whether the derivative that is
used in the hedging transaction is highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged debt. The Fourth Forbearance
Agreement amended the terms of the interest rate swap to match the terms of the underlying debt resulting in no ineffectiveness. 

9.    INCOME TAXES  

Significant components of our deferred tax
assets and liabilities as of September 30 are as follows: 

Significant components
of the provision (benefit) for income taxes are as follows as of the year ended September 30: 

The effective income tax rate on continuing
operations varied from the statutory federal income tax rate as follows: 

In the current year,
an impairment of goodwill in the amount of $971 was recorded that was not deductible for tax purposes. Therefore, no tax benefit
was recorded. 

Realization of deferred
tax assets associated with the net operating loss carryforward and credit carryforward is dependent upon generating sufficient
taxable income prior to their expiration. The valuation allowance for our domestic operations in fiscal 2016 and 2015 was $5,689
and $4,493, respectively. Payments made in fiscal 2016 and 2015 for income taxes amounted to $3 and $4, respectively. 

At September
30, 2016, we had domestic net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $13,348 for federal and $17,944 for state, which expire
from September 30, 2016 through 2030. Further, we have an alternative minimum tax credit carryforward of approximately $55 available
to offset future federal income taxes. This credit has an unlimited carryforward period. 

We may recognize the
tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it more likely than not to be sustained upon regulatory examination based on
the technical merits of the position. The amount of the benefit for which an exposure exists is measured as the largest amount
of benefit determined on a cumulative probability basis that we believe is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement
of the position. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, a $16 liability remained for other uncertain income tax positions. 

A reconciliation of
the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

2016       
     2015     
 
     Balance at beginning of year    
     $  16       
     $  16     
 
     Additions based on tax positions related to the current year    
        -       
        -     
 
     Additions for tax positions or prior years    
        -       
        -     
 
     Reductions for tax positions of prior years    
        -       
        -     
 
     Settlements    
        -       
        -     
 
     Balance at end of year    
     $  16       
     $  16     

As noted in the table
above, there has been no change in our gross uncertain tax positions during fiscal 2016 based on a state tax position. 

We are no longer subject
to U.S. federal tax examinations for years before 2012 or state and local for years before 2011, with limited exceptions. For federal
purposes, the tax attributes carried forward could be adjusted through the examination process and are subject to examination 3
years from the date of utilization. 

We have assessed the
application of Internal Revenue Code Section 382 regarding certain limitations on the future usage of net operating losses. No
limitation applies as of September 30, 2016, and we will continue to monitor activities in the future. 

10.    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

Summary of Stock Option Plans and Activity  

In March 2008, our
shareholders approved the 2008 Stock Option Plan (the  Plan ) to replace the 1997 Outside Director Stock Option Plan
and the 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan. Future common shares will be granted from the 2008 Stock Option Plan. The purpose of the
Plan is to promote our long-term interests by providing a means of attracting and retaining officers, directors and key employees.
The Compensation Committee administers the Plan and approves the particular officers, directors or employees eligible for grants.
Under the Plan, employees are granted the option to purchase our common shares at fair market value on the date of the grant. Generally,
options granted vest and become exercisable in four equal installments commencing one year from date of grant and expire upon the
earlier of the employee s termination of employment with us, or ten years from the date of grant. The Plan terminates in
fiscal 2018. The maximum number of common shares that may be granted under the Plan is 500 shares. At September 30, 2016, 228 shares
remained available for grants under the Plan. 

The Compensation Committee
has also issued non-qualified stock option grants with vesting periods different from the Plan. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
total non-qualified stock options outstanding were 15 and 30, respectively. 

The weighted-average assumptions
used to compute the fair value of options granted for the fiscal years ended September 30 were as follows: 

A summary of our stock
option activity for all options and related information for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is as follows
(in thousands except for share prices): 

The aggregate intrinsic
value is the product of the total options outstanding and the net positive difference of our common share price on September 30,
2016 and the options  exercise price. 

As of September 30, 2016,
our total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options was $68 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
service period of 1.4 years. As of September 30, 2016, there are 15 shares underlying outstanding options that were granted
outside of the Plan. Stock-based compensation expense for employee stock options for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
was $45 and $79, respectively. 

The following table summarizes
outstanding and exercisable options as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands except per share amounts): 

We have a 401(k) Retirement
Plan (the  Plan ) covering all employees over twenty-one years of age with at least one year of service. Under the
terms of the Plan, we match 50% of the first 6% of the employee contribution. The Plan also includes provisions for various contributions
which may be instituted at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The contribution made by the participant may not exceed 30%
of the participant s annual wages. Contribution expense was $169 and $152 in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

12.    SEGMENT INFORMATION  

We operate in two principal
segments   contract research services and research products. Our Services segment provides research and development support
on a contract basis directly to pharmaceutical companies. Our Products segment provides liquid chromatography, electrochemical
and physiological monitoring products to pharmaceutical companies, universities, government research centers, and medical research
institutions. We evaluate performance and allocate resources based on these segments. Certain of our assets are not directly attributable
to the Services or Products segments. These assets are grouped into the Corporate segment and include cash and cash equivalents,
deferred income taxes, refundable income taxes, debt issue costs and certain other assets. We do not allocate such items to the
principal segments because they are not used to evaluate their financial position. The accounting policies of these segments are
the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. 

(a)    Operating Segments  

(b)    Geographic Information  

(c)    Major Customers  

In fiscal 2016, our Services
group continued its presence at several important existing customers. In fiscal 2016, one customer accounted for approximately
14.0% of total sales and 13.2% of total trade accounts receivable at September 30, 2016. In fiscal 2015, this customer accounted
for approximately 4.0% of total sales and 19.4% of total trade accounts receivable at September 30, 2015. The customer discussed
is included in our Services segment. There can be no assurance that our business will move away from dependence upon a limited
number of customer relationships. 

In March 2012, we announced
a plan to restructure our bioanalytical laboratory operations. We consolidated our laboratory in McMinnville, Oregon into our 120,000
square foot headquarters facility in West Lafayette, Indiana and closed our facility and bioanalytical laboratory in Warwickshire,
United Kingdom. We continue to sell our products globally while further consolidating delivery of our CRO services into our Indiana
locations. 

We reserved for lease payments
at the cease use date for our UK facility and have considered free rent, sublease rentals and the number of days it would take
to restore the space to its original condition prior to our improvements. In the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we began amortizing
into general and administrative expense, equally through the cease use date, the estimated rent income of $200 when the reserve
was originally established. We have been unsuccessful at subleasing the facility. Based on these matters, we have a $1,000 reserve
for UK lease related costs at September 30, 2016 and 2015. We do not expect to accrue additional amounts past fiscal 2016. We have
previously communicated with the landlord regarding the nature and timing of rent under the lease. The full restructuring reserve
is classified as a current liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets because the full amount is due and payable. The UK building
lease expires in 2023 but includes an opt out provision after 7 years, which occurred in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and
was exercised. 

Other
costs of $117 have been accrued for legal and professional fees and other costs estimated to be incurred in connection with transitioning
services from sites being closed as well as costs incurred to remove improvements previously made to the UK facility.  In
fiscal 2015, all related investments in the UK operations were written off. 

The Company is self-insured
for certain costs related to its employee health plan.  Costs resulting from noninsured losses are charged to income
when incurred.  The Company has purchased insurance which limits its exposure for individual claims to approximately
$75 and has an aggregating specific deductible of $85 at September 30, 2016.  The Company s expense related to
the plan was $1,531 and $871 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. In order to better control health costs in fiscal
2017, the Company is moving to a fully-insured health plan, minimizing the claim spikes we experienced in fiscal 2016. 

In the third quarter of
fiscal 2015, the Company received $640 in cash through a mediated settlement, net of legal expenses of $35 for the year ended September
30, 2015. The settlement fully resolved the Company s dispute with a service provider with whom we no longer do business.
This settlement and related legal expenses were recorded in operating expenses as mediation settlement, net, on the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

16.    RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The Company entered into
a consulting agreement with a shareholder during fiscal 2016. The Company incurred consulting fees and reimbursed travel costs
of $31 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The agreement was terminated on good terms on June 1, 2016. 

In connection with our
former Chief Executive Officer and President s resignation in November 2016, her attorney provided a letter to Company s
counsel, which indicates that she believes her resignation to be for  good reason  under the terms of her employment
agreement and her expectation of severance compensation commensurate therewith. The Company disagrees with the characterization
of the events set forth in the letter, and disagrees that our former Chief Executive Officer and President has met the requirements
under her employment agreement to resign for  good reason.  Nonetheless, costs incurred to resolve this matter and any
severance compensation the Company becomes obligated, or otherwise determines, to pay, could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. as
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company is operating under forbearance arrangements with respect to its credit agreements, and has not been able to secure adequate
alternative financing. In addition, the Company has current liabilities in excess of its current assets.  This raises substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters also are described
in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

ITEM 9   CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   

None. 

ITEM 9A
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors that information
required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit to the Securities and Exchange Commission is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
(or persons performing equivalent functions), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on
an evaluation conducted under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of September 30, 2016, including those procedures described below, we, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, determined that those controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.    

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our CEO and CFO (or persons performing similar functions), we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Based on our assessment
and those criteria, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
September 30, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Controls  

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act, during fiscal 2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial
reporting.   

This annual report does
not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only Management s report in this report. 

ITEM 9B   OTHER INFORMATION    

Not applicable. 

PART III  

ITEM
10   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   

The following information
concerns the persons who served as the directors of the Company as of the date of this filing. Except as indicated in the following
paragraphs, the principal occupations of these persons have not changed in the past five years. Information concerning the executive
officers of the Company may be found in  Executive Officers of the Registrant  under Item 1 of this report, which is
incorporated herein by reference. 

Name    
     Age    
     Position  
 
     Larry S. Boulet    
     70    
     Chairman  
 
     Richard A. Johnson    
     71    
     Director  
 
     Wendy Perrow    
     58    
     Director  

Larry S. Boulet  has
served as a director of the Company since May 2007 and was elected Chairman of the Board on July 28, 2016. Mr. Boulet was a Senior
Audit Partner with PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) and a National Financial Services Industry Specialist. For the last five years
of his career with PwC, Mr. Boulet served as Partner-in-charge of the Indianapolis office s Private Client Group. Prior to
serving on our Board, he served on the Board of Directors of Century Realty Trust, an Indiana based, real estate investment trust.
He also served as Audit Committee Chairman until the Trust s sale and liquidation in 2007. Mr. Boulet has also served on
the Indiana State University Foundation Board of Directors and is a past Chairman of the Board. He holds a Bachelor of Science
degree in Accounting from Indiana State University. Mr. Boulet provides our Board of Directors with insight and perspective
on financial matters, stemming from his extensive experience as an audit partner. 

Richard A. Johnson,
Ph.D.  was elected as a director of the Company on May 9, 2012. Dr. Johnson is currently an executive scientific consultant.
From 1990 to 2008, he served as Founder and President of AvTech Laboratories. Prior to founding AvTech Laboratories, he served
in various positions with The Upjohn Company, including Senior Research Scientist, Manager of Product Control, Manager of Quality
Assurance Product Support and Director of Strategic Planning. Dr. Johnson received his Bachelor of Science in Chemistry from the
Illinois Institute of Technology and his Ph.D. in Chemical Physics from Michigan State University. Dr. Johnson brings to the Board
of Directors knowledge and insight on scientific matters, stemming from his extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry. 

Wendy Perrow, MBA 
was elected as a director of the Company on December 10, 2015. Ms. Perrow is Chief Executive Officer at AsclepiX Therapeutics.
Ms. Perrow joined AsclepiX Therapeutics in 2016 as Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining AsclepiX Therapeutics, Ms. Perrow
was Chief Executive Officer at Alba Therapeutics and held senior executive marketing positions with private and public pharmaceutical
companies. From 2004 to 2007, she was Vice President of Marketing and Sales for Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc. From 1989 to 2003,
Ms. Perrow held positions at Merck and Co., Inc. in marketing, marketing promotion, international business research analysis, training,
and sales. Ms. Perrow began her career in a division of Johnson   Johnson. Ms. Perrow holds a bachelor s degree from
Eastern Illinois University and a Masters of Business Administration degree in finance and marketing from Duke University - The
Fuqua School of Business. 

The Board of Directors
has established an Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is responsible for recommending independent auditors, reviewing, in connection
with the independent auditors, (i) the audit plan, (ii) the adequacy of internal controls, (iii) the audit report and (iv) management s
letter, and undertaking such other incidental functions as the board may authorize. Larry S. Boulet, Wendy Perrow and Richard A.
Johnson are the members of the Audit Committee. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Boulet is an audit committee financial
expert (as defined by Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K). All of the members of the Audit Committee are  independent  (as
defined by Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A). 

The Board of Directors
has adopted a Code of Ethics (as defined by Item 406 of Regulation S-K) that applies to the Company s Officers, Directors
and employees, a copy of which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September
30, 2006. 

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE  

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten
percent of BASi s Common Shares to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission reports showing ownership of and changes
in ownership of BASi s Common Shares. On the basis of information available to us, we believe that all filing requirements
were met for fiscal 2016. 

ITEM 11
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   

The information included
under the captions  Elections of Directors   Non-employee Director Compensation and Benefits  and  Compensation
of Executive Officers  in the Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting is incorporated herein by reference in response
to this item. 

ITEM 12
  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   

The
information contained under the  Principal Shareholders Table  in the Proxy Statement  for the 2017 Annual Meeting
and Item 5 of this report is incorporated by reference in response to this item. 

For
additional information regarding our stock option plans, please see Note 9 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
in this report.  

ITEM 13
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   

The information included
under the captions  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  and  Election of Directors   Board
Independence  in the Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting is incorporated herein by reference in response to this
item. 

ITEM 14
  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   

The information included
under the caption  Selection of Independent Registered Accounting Firm  in the Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual
Meeting is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

PART IV  

ITEM 15   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES    

(a) Documents filed as part of this Report. 

1.  Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements under Item 8 on Page 30 of this report. 

2.  Financial Statement Schedules: Schedules are not required,
are not applicable or the information is shown in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3.  Exhibits: See Index to Exhibits, which is incorporated
herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS, INC.    

(Registrant)   

Date: December 28, 2016 
      By:  /s/ Philip A. Downing   

Philip A. Downing   

Vice President, Preclinical Services (Acting Principal
        Executive Officer)   

Date: December 28, 2016  
      By:  /s/ Jill C. Blumhoff   

Jill C. Blumhoff   

Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)     

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

Signature   
       
       Capacity   
       
       Date    

EXHIBIT INDEX  

* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 v455204_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1   

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT  

List of Subsidiaries 

Name  
      Jurisdiction of Organization   

BAS Evansville, Inc. 
     Indiana  

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 v455204_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1  

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in Registration Statement (No. 333-153734) on Form S-8 of Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. of our report dated December 28, 2016, relating
to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appears in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bioanalytical Systems,
Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

 December 28, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v455204_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Philip A. Downing, Acting Principal Executive Officer, certify
that: 

1.   I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Bioanalytical Systems, Inc.;   

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.   

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);   

a.   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Philip A. Downing   

Philip A. Downing   
 
      Date:  December 28, 2016  
      Acting Principal Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v455204_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Jill C. Blumhoff, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial
Officer, certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Bioanalytical Systems, Inc.;   

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.   

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);   

a.   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Jill C. Blumhoff   

Jill C. Blumhoff   
 
      Date:  December 28, 2016  
      Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 v455204_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

Certifications of Acting Principal Executive
Officer   

Pursuant to Section 906  

Of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18
U.S.C. Section 1350)  

The undersigned, the Acting Principal Executive Officer of Bioanalytical
Systems Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

(a)  the Form 10-K Annual Report of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(b)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

By:  /s/  Philip A. Downing    

Philip A. Downing   

Acting Principal Executive Officer   

Date:   December 28, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 v455204_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

Certifications of Chief Financial Officer  

Pursuant to Section 906  

Of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18
U.S.C. Section 1350)  

The undersigned, the Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial
Officer of Bioanalytical Systems Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of her knowledge: 

(a)  the Form 10-K Annual Report of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(b)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

By:  /s/  Jill C. Blumhoff   

Jill C. Blumhoff   

Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer   

Date:   December 28, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 basi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 basi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 basi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 basi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 basi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 basi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

