<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1050743_0001174947-16-003365_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10286662</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>218963</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>456188</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2886910</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4528745</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1900086</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>84</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-16-003365.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107153500
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-16-003365
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PEAPACK GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001050743
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC [6029]
		IRS NUMBER:				223537895
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16197
		FILM NUMBER:		161977951

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 HILLS DRIVE
		CITY:			BEDMINSTER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07921
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9082340700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 HILLS DRIVE
		CITY:			BEDMINSTER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07921

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-16-003365.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 form10q-16660_pgfc.htm
 10-Q

UNITED
STATES    
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 10-Q   

  (MARK ONE)  

OR  

o      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    
  For the transition period from to     

  Commission File No. 001-16197  

   PEAPACK-GLADSTONE
FINANCIAL CORPORATION   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

New Jersey   
       22-3537895    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
      Identification No.)   

500 Hills Drive, Suite 300  
 Bedminster, New Jersey 07921-0700  
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)  

  (908)234-0700  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirement for the past 90 days. 

  Yes
  x     No   o  .  

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 or Regulations S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
 Yes   x    
No   o  .  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act (check one): 

Large accelerated filer   o  
      Accelerated filer   x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer (do not check if a smaller reporting company)   o  
      Smaller reporting company   o   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o 
 No   x  

Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
as of October 31, 2016: 

 16,947,538 

1  

PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION  

  PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1  
       
      Financial Statements  

Consolidated Statements of Condition at September 30, 2016 and  

December 31, 2015  
     Page 3  

Consolidated Statements of Income for the three months and nine months  

ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     Page 4  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for  

the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     Page 5  

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Equity  

for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  
     Page 6  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months  

ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     Page 7  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
     Page 9  
 
      Item 2  
       
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition  

and Results of Operations  
     Page 45  
 
      Item 3  
       
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     Page 68  
 
      Item 4  
       
      Controls and Procedures  
     Page 68  

PART 2 OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1  
       
      Legal Proceedings  
     Page 68  
 
      Item 1A  
       
      Risk Factors  
     Page 68  
 
      Item 2  
       
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     Page 69  
 
      Item 3  
       
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     Page 69  
 
      Item 4  
       
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     Page 69  
 
      Item 5  
       
      Other Information  
     Page 69  
 
      Item 6  
       
      Exhibits  
     Page 69  

2  

       Index   

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION   

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION   

  (Dollars in thousands, except share data)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

3  

       Index   

PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION   

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   

   (Dollars in thousands, except share data)   

   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

4  

       Index   

PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION   

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   

   (Dollars in thousands)   

   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

5  

       Index   

PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION   

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   

   (Dollars in thousands)   

   (Unaudited)   

   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

6  

       Index   

PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION   

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (Dollars in thousands)   

   (Unaudited)   

7  

       Index   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

8  

       Index   

PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

1.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally included in the audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. These
unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015 for Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation
(the  Corporation  or the  Company ). In the opinion of the Management of the Corporation, the accompanying
unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals necessary
to present fairly the financial position as of September 30, 2016 and the results of operations and comprehensive income for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and shareholders  equity and cash flow statements for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Principles of Consolidation and Organization:
 The consolidated financial statements of the Corporation are prepared on the accrual basis and include the accounts of the
Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Peapack-Gladstone Bank (the  Bank ). The consolidated statements also
include the Bank s wholly-owned subsidiaries, PGB Trust   Investments of Delaware and Peapack-Gladstone Mortgage Group,
Inc. and Peapack-Gladstone Mortgage Group s wholly-owned subsidiary, PG Investment Company of Delaware, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Peapack-Gladstone Realty Inc., a New Jersey Real Estate Investment Company. All significant intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated from the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Basis of Financial Statement Presentation :
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In preparing
the financial statements, Management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the statement of condition and revenues and expenses
for that period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Segment Information : The Company s
business is conducted through its banking subsidiary and involves the delivery of loan and deposit products and wealth management
services to customers. Management uses certain methodologies to allocate income and expense to the business segments. 

The Banking segment includes commercial, commercial
real estate, multifamily, residential and consumer lending activities; deposit generation; operation of ATMs; telephone and internet
banking services; merchant credit card services and customer support sales. 

Peapack-Gladstone Bank s Private Wealth
Management Division includes asset management services provided for individuals and institutions; personal trust services, including
services as executor, trustee, administrator, custodian and guardian; corporate trust services including services as trustee for
pension and profit sharing plans; and other financial planning and advisory services. This segment also includes the activity from
the Delaware subsidiary, PGB Trust   Investments of Delaware. Income is recognized as earned. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents:  For purposes
of the statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash and due from banks, interest-earning deposits and federal
funds sold. Generally, federal funds are sold for one-day periods. Cash equivalents are of original maturities of 90 days or less.
Net cash flows are reported for customer loan and deposit transactions and overnight borrowings. 

9  

       Index   

Interest-Earning Deposits in Other Financial
Institutions : Interest-earning deposits in other financial institutions mature within one year and are carried at cost. 

Securities : All securities are classified
as available for sale and are carried at fair value, with unrealized holding gains and losses reported in other comprehensive income/(loss),
net of tax. 

Interest income includes amortization of purchase
premiums and discounts. Premiums and discounts on securities are amortized on the level-yield method without anticipating prepayments,
except for mortgage-backed securities where prepayments are anticipated. Gains and losses on sales are recorded on the trade date
and determined using the specific identification method. 

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. For
securities in an unrealized loss position, Management considers the extent and duration of the unrealized loss and the financial
condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. Management also assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than
not that it will be required to sell, a security in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If
either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the entire difference between amortized cost and fair value
is recognized as impairment through earnings. For debt securities that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, the amount of impairment
is split into two components as follows: 1) other-than-temporary impairment related to credit loss, which must be recognized in
the income statement and 2) other-than-temporary impairment related to other factors, which is recognized in other comprehensive
income. The credit loss is defined as the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and the
amortized cost basis. For equity securities, the entire amount of impairment is recognized through earnings. 

Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and Federal
Reserve Bank (FRB) Stock:  The Bank is a member of the FHLB system. Members are required to own a certain amount of FHLB stock,
based on the level of borrowings and other factors. FHLB stock is carried at cost, classified as a restricted security and periodically
evaluated for impairment based on ultimate recovery of par value. Cash dividends are reported as income. 

The Bank is also a member of the Federal Reserve
Bank and required to own a certain amount of FRB stock. FRB stock is carried at cost and classified as a restricted security. Cash
dividends are reported as income. 

Loans Held for Sale:  Mortgage loans originated
with the intent to sell in the secondary market are carried at fair value, as determined by outstanding commitments from investors. 

Mortgage loans held for sale are generally sold
with servicing rights released; therefore, no servicing rights are recorded. Gains and losses on sales of mortgage loans, shown
as gain on sale of loans on the Statement of Income, are based on the difference between the selling price and the carrying value
of the related loan sold. 

Loans originated with the intent to hold and
subsequently transferred to loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. These are loans that the Company
no longer has the intent to hold for the foreseeable future. 

10  

       Index   

Loans:  Loans that Management has the
intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity are stated at the principal amount outstanding. Interest
on loans is recognized based upon the principal amount outstanding. Loans are stated at face value, less purchased premium and
discounts and net deferred fees. Loan origination fees and certain direct loan origination costs are deferred and recognized over
the life of the loan as an adjustment, on a level-yield method, to the loan s yield. The definition of recorded investment
in loans includes accrued interest receivable, however, for the Company s loan disclosures, accrued interest was excluded
as the impact was not material. 

Loans are considered past due when they are
not paid in accordance with contractual terms. The accrual of income on loans is discontinued if, in the opinion of Management,
principal or interest is not likely to be paid in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement, or when principal or interest
is past due 90 days or more and collateral, if any, is insufficient to cover principal and interest. All interest accrued but not
received for loans placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. Payments received on nonaccrual loans are recorded
as principal payments. A nonaccrual loan is returned to accrual status only when interest and principal payments are brought current
and future payments are reasonably assured, generally when the Bank receives contractual payments for a minimum of six months.
Commercial loans are generally charged off after an analysis is completed which indicates that collectability of the full principal
balance is in doubt. Consumer loans are generally charged off after they become 120 days past due. Subsequent payments are credited
to income only if collection of principal is not in doubt. If principal and interest payments are brought contractually current
and future collectability is reasonably assured, loans are returned to accrual status. Nonaccrual mortgage loans are generally
charged off when the value of the underlying collateral does not cover the outstanding principal balance. The majority of the Company s
loans are secured by real estate in the States of New Jersey and New York. 

Allowance for Loan Losses:  The allowance
for loan losses is a valuation allowance for expected credit losses that are deemed to be probable. When Management is reasonably
certain that a loan balance is not fully collectable an analysis is completed and either a full or partial charge off is recorded
against the allowance. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management estimates the allowance balance
required using past loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations,
estimated collateral values, economic conditions and other factors. Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans,
but the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in Management s judgment, should be charged off. 

The allowance consists of specific and general
components. The specific component of the allowance relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired. 

A loan is impaired when, based on current information
and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the
loan agreement. Factors considered by Management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability
of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment
shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls
on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the
length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation
to the principal and interest owed. 

Loans are individually evaluated for impairment
when they are classified as substandard by Management. If a loan is considered impaired, a portion of the allowance is allocated
so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or
at the fair value of collateral less estimated disposition costs if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. If a residential
mortgage is placed on nonaccrual status and is in the process of collection, such as through a foreclosure action, then it is evaluated
for impairment on an individual basis and the loan is reported, net, at the fair value of the collateral less estimated disposition
costs. 

11  

       Index   

A troubled debt restructuring is a modified
loan with concessions made by the lender to a borrower who is experiencing financial difficulty. Troubled debt restructurings are
impaired and are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s effective rate at inception.
If a troubled debt restructuring is considered to be a collateral dependent loan, the loan is reported, net, at the fair value
of the collateral, less estimated disposition costs. For troubled debt restructurings that subsequently default, the Company determines
the amount of reserve in accordance with the accounting policy for the allowance for loan losses. 

The general component of the allowance covers
non-impaired loans and is based primarily on the Bank s historical loss experience adjusted for current factors. The historical
loss experience is determined by portfolio segment and is based on the actual loss history experience by the Company on a weighted
average basis over the previous three years. This actual loss experience is adjusted by other qualitative factors based on the
risks present for each portfolio segment. These economic factors include consideration of the following: levels of and trends in
delinquencies and impaired loans; effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; other changes in lending
policies, procedures and practices; experience, ability and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; national and
local economic trends and conditions; industry conditions; and effects of changes in credit concentrations. For loans that are
graded as non-impaired, the Company allocates a higher general reserve percentage than pass-rated loans using a multiple that is
calculated annually through a migration analysis. The multiple was 5.0 times for non-impaired substandard loans and 2.5 times for
non-impaired special mention loans. 

In determining an appropriate amount for the
allowance, the Bank segments and evaluates the loan portfolio based on Federal call report codes, which are based on collateral.
The following portfolio classes have been identified: 

Primary Residential Mortgages .
The Bank originates one to four family residential mortgage loans in the Tri-State area (New York, New Jersey and Connecticut),
Pennsylvania and Florida. Loans are secured by first liens on the primary residence or investment property. Primary risk characteristics
associated with residential mortgage loans typically involve major living or lifestyle changes to the borrower, including unemployment
or other loss of income; unexpected significant expenses, such as for major medical issues or catastrophic events; and divorce
or death. In addition, residential mortgage loans that have adjustable rates could expose the borrower to higher debt service requirements
in a rising interest rate environment. Further, real estate value could drop significantly and cause the value of the property
to fall below the loan amount, creating additional potential exposure for the Bank. 

Home Equity Lines of Credit .
The Bank provides revolving lines of credit against one to four family residences in the Tri-State area. Primary risk characteristics
associated with home equity lines of credit typically involve major living or lifestyle changes to the borrower, including unemployment
or other loss of income; unexpected significant expenses, such as for major medical issues or catastrophic events; and divorce
or death. In addition, home equity lines of credit typically are made with variable or floating interest rates, such as the Prime
Rate, which could expose the borrower to higher debt service requirements in a rising interest rate environment. Further, real
estate value could drop significantly and cause the value of the property to fall below the loan amount, creating additional potential
exposure for the Bank. 

12  

       Index   

Junior Lien Loan on Residence .
The Bank provides junior lien loans ( JLL ) against one to four family properties in the Tri-State area. JLLs can be
either in the form of an amortizing home equity loan or a revolving home equity line of credit. These loans are subordinate to
a first mortgage which may be from another lending institution. Primary risk characteristics associated with JLLs typically involve
major living or lifestyle changes to the borrower, including unemployment or other loss of income; unexpected significant expenses,
such as for major medical issues or catastrophic events; and divorce or death. Further, real estate value could drop significantly
and cause the value of the property to fall below the loan amount, creating additional potential exposure for the Bank. 

Multifamily and Commercial Real
Estate Loans . The Bank provides mortgage loans for multifamily properties (i.e. buildings which have five or more residential
units) and other commercial real estate that is either owner occupied or managed as an investment property (non-owner occupied)
in the Tri-State area and Pennsylvania. Commercial real estate properties primarily include retail buildings/shopping centers,
hotels, office/medical buildings and industrial/warehouse space. Some properties are considered  mixed use  as they
are a combination of building types, such as a building with retail space on the ground floor and either residential apartments
or office suites on the upper floors. Multifamily loans are expected to be repaid from the cash flow of the underlying property
so the collective amount of rents must be sufficient to cover all operating expenses, property management and maintenance, taxes
and debt service. Increases in vacancy rates, interest rates or other changes in general economic conditions can all have an impact
on the borrower and its ability to repay the loan. Commercial real estate loans are generally considered to have a higher degree
of credit risk than multifamily loans as they may be dependent on the ongoing success and operating viability of a fewer number
of tenants who are occupying the property and who may have a greater degree of exposure to economic conditions. 

Commercial and Industrial Loans .
The Bank provides lines of credit and term loans to operating companies for business purposes. The loans are generally secured
by business assets such as accounts receivable, inventory, business vehicles and equipment. In addition, these loans often include
commercial real estate as collateral to strengthen the Bank s position and further mitigate risk. Commercial and industrial
loans are typically repaid first by the cash flow generated by the borrower s business operation. The primary risk characteristics
are specific to the underlying business and its ability to generate sustainable profitability and resulting positive cash flow.
Factors that may influence a business s profitability include, but are not limited to, demand for its products or services,
quality and depth of management, degree of competition, regulatory changes, and general economic conditions. Commercial and industrial
loans are generally secured by business assets; however, the ability of the Bank to foreclose and realize sufficient value from
the assets is often highly uncertain. To mitigate the risk characteristics of commercial and industrial loans, the Bank will often
require more frequent reporting requirements from the borrower in order to better monitor its business performance. 

Agricultural Production . These
are loans to finance agricultural production and other loans to farmers. The Bank does not actively engage in this type of lending. 

Commercial Construction . The
Bank has discontinued its commercial construction activity. Dollar amounts within this segment are immaterial. 

Consumer and Other . These
are loans to individuals for household, family and other personal expenditures as well as obligations of states and political subdivisions
in the U.S. This also represents all other loans that cannot be categorized in any of the previous mentioned loan segments. 

13  

       Index   

Derivatives:  At the inception of a derivative
contract, the Company designates the derivative as one of three types based on the Company s intentions and belief as to
likely effectiveness as a hedge. These three types are (1) a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or of an
unrecognized firm commitment ( fair value hedge ), (2) a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash
flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability ( cash flow hedge ), or (3) an instrument with
no hedging designation ( stand-alone derivative ). For a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative, as well
as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item, are recognized in current earnings as fair values change. For a cash flow hedge,
the gain or loss on the derivative is reported in other comprehensive income and is reclassified into earnings in the same periods
during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. For both types of hedges, changes in the fair value of derivatives that are
not highly effective in hedging the changes in fair value or expected cash flows of the hedged item are recognized immediately
in current earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported currently in
earnings, as non-interest income. 

Net cash settlements on derivatives that qualify
for hedge accounting are recorded in interest income or interest expense, based on the item being hedged. Net cash settlements
on derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported in non-interest income. Cash flows on hedges are classified
in the cash flow statement the same as the cash flows of the items being hedged. 

The Company formally documents the relationship
between derivatives and hedged items, as well as the risk-management objective and the strategy for undertaking hedge transactions
at the inception of the hedging relationship. This documentation includes linking fair value or cash flow hedges to specific assets
and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. The Company discontinues hedge
accounting when it determines that the derivative is no longer effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows
of the hedged item, the derivative is settled or terminates, a hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable, a hedged firm
commitment is no longer firm, or treatment of the derivative as a hedge is no longer appropriate or intended. 

When hedge accounting is discontinued, subsequent
changes in fair value of the derivative are recorded as non-interest income. When a cash flow hedge is discontinued but the hedged
cash flows or forecasted transactions are still expected to occur, gains or losses that were accumulated in other comprehensive
income are amortized into earnings over the same periods which the hedged transactions will affect earnings. 

Stock-Based Compensation:  The Company s
2006 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan and 2012 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan allow the granting of shares of the Company s
common stock as incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and stock
appreciation rights to directors, officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. The options granted under these plans
are, in general, exercisable not earlier than one year after the date of grant, at a price equal to the fair value of common stock
on the date of grant, and expire not more than ten years after the date of grant. Stock options may vest during a period of up
to five years after the date of grant. Some options granted to officers at or above the senior vice president level were immediately
exercisable at the date of grant. The Company has a policy of using new shares to satisfy option exercises. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company recorded total compensation cost for stock options of $11 thousand and $54 thousand respectively, with a
recognized tax benefit of $1 thousand and $7 thousand for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company
recorded total compensation cost for stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, of $45 thousand and $175
thousand, respectively, with a recognized tax benefit of $4 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $19 thousand
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. There was approximately $16 thousand of unrecognized compensation cost related to
non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Company s stock incentive plans at September 30, 2016.
That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.43 years. 

14  

       Index   

For the Company s stock option plans, changes in options outstanding
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

(1) 
     Does not include shares which are not expected to vest as a result of anticipated forfeitures.  

The aggregate intrinsic value represents the
total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the third
quarter of 2016 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options). The Company s closing stock price
on September 30, 2016 was $22.41. 

There were no stock options granted in the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company has previously granted performance
based and service based restricted stock awards. Service based units vest ratably over a one, three or five year period. 
There were no restricted stock awards/units granted in the third quarter of 2016. 

 The performance based awards that were
granted in previous periods, are dependent upon the Company meeting certain performance criteria and cliff vest at the end of the
performance period.  During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company concluded that the performance targets would not be met
and therefore, reversed approximately $592 thousand of previously recorded expense for the performance awards. Total unrecognized
compensation expense for performance based awards is $1.7 million as of September 30, 2016. 

 Changes in nonvested shares dependent on performance criteria for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

15  

       Index   

Changes in service based restricted stock awards/units
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $5.3 million
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to service based awards/units. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of 1.52 years. Stock compensation expense recorded for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 totaled $725 thousand
and $636 thousand, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded total compensation
cost for stock awards/units of $2.2 million and $1.7 million respectively. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan:  On
April 22, 2014, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ). The ESPP provides
for the granting of purchase rights of up to 150,000 shares of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation common stock. Subject to
certain eligibility requirements and restrictions, the ESPP allows employees to purchase shares during four three-month offering
periods ( Offering Periods ). Each participant in the Offering Period is granted an option to purchase a number of
shares and may contribute between 1% and 15% of their compensation. At the end of each Offering Period on the purchase date, the
number of shares to be purchased by the employee is determined by dividing the employee s contributions accumulated during
the Offering Period by the applicable purchase price. The purchase price is an amount equal to 85% of the closing market price
of a share of Company common stock on the purchase date. Participation in the ESPP is entirely voluntary and employees can cancel
their purchases at any time during the Offering Period without penalty. The fair value of each share purchase right is determined
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

 The Company recorded $19 thousand and
$26 thousand of expense in salaries and employee benefits expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively
related to the ESPP. Total shares issued under the ESPP during the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 were 7,155 and 8,799, respectively. 

 The Company recorded $83 thousand and
$77 thousand of expense in salaries and employee benefits expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
related to the ESPP. Total shares issued under the ESPP for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 26,913 and 24,258,
respectively. 

  Earnings per share   Basic and Diluted:
 The following is a reconciliation of the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic net income per share is
calculated by dividing net income available to shareholders by the weighted average shares outstanding during the reporting period.
Diluted net income per share is computed similarly to that of basic net income per share, except that the denominator is increased
to include the number of additional shares that would have been outstanding if all shares underlying potentially dilutive stock
options were issued and all restricted stock, stock warrants or restricted stock units were to vest during the reporting period
utilizing the Treasury stock method. 

16  

       Index   

Stock options and warrants
totaling 218,079 and 85,083 shares were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share in the third quarters
of 2016 and 2015, respectively, because they were considered antidilutive. Stock options and warrants totaling  223,832 and
174,662 shares were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share in the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, because they were considered antidilutive. 

Income Taxes:  The Company files a consolidated
Federal income tax return. Separate state income tax returns are filed for each subsidiary based on current laws and regulations. 

The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in its financial statements or tax returns.
The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on the enacted tax rates. Such tax assets and liabilities are adjusted
for the effect of a change in tax rates in the period of enactment. 

The Company recognizes a tax position as a benefit
only if it is  more likely than not  that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination
being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being
realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the  more likely than not  test, no tax benefit is recorded. 

The Company is no longer subject to examination
by the U.S. Federal tax authorities for years prior to 2013 or by New Jersey tax authorities for years prior to 2012. 

The Company recognizes interest and/or penalties
related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 

Loss Contingencies:  Loss contingencies,
including claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood
of loss is probable and an amount or range of loss can be reasonable estimated. Management does not believe there are any such
matters that will have a material effect on the financial statements. 

  Restrictions on Cash:  Cash on
hand or on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank was required to meet regulatory reserve and clearing requirements. 

  Comprehensive Income:  Comprehensive
income consists of net income and the change during the period in the Company s net unrealized gains or losses on securities
available for sale and unrealized gains and losses on cash flow hedge, net of tax, less adjustments for realized gains and losses. 

  Transfers of Financial Assets:   Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales, when control over the assets
has been relinquished.  Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when the assets have been isolated from
the Company, the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge
or exchange the transferred assets, and the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an
agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. 

17  

       Index   

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets:  
Goodwill is generally determined as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred, plus the fair value of any noncontrolling
interests in the acquired company (if any), over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition
date.  Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful
life are not amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances exist that indicate
that a goodwill impairment test should be performed. The Company has selected December 31 as the date to perform the annual impairment
test.  Intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives to their estimated residual
values. Goodwill and assembly workforce are the intangible assets with an indefinite life on our balance sheet. 

 Other intangible assets primarily consist
of customer relationship intangible assets arising from acquisition are amortized on an accelerated method over their estimated
useful lives, which range up to 15 years. 

  2. INVESTMENT SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE

A summary of amortized cost and approximate
fair value of securities available for sale included in the consolidated statements of condition as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 follows: 

18  

       Index   

The following tables present the Corporation s
available for sale securities with continuous unrealized losses and the approximate fair value of these investments as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Management believes that the unrealized
losses on investment securities available for sale are temporary and are due to interest rate fluctuations and/or volatile market
conditions rather than the creditworthiness of the issuers. As of September 30, 2016, the Company does not intend to sell these
securities nor is it likely that it will be required to sell the securities before their anticipated recovery; therefore, none
of the securities in unrealized loss position were determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

 At September 30, 2016, the unrealized loss on
the single-issuer trust preferred security of $397 thousand was related to a debt security issued by a large bank holding. The
security was downgraded to below investment grade by Moody s and is currently rated Ba1. Management monitors the performance
of the issuer on a quarterly basis to determine if there are any credit events that could result in deferral or default of the
security. Management believes the depressed valuation is a result of the nature of the security, a trust preferred bond, and the
bond s very low yield. As Management does not intend to sell this security nor is it likely that it will be required to sell
the security before its anticipated recovery, the security is not considered other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

19  

       Index   

3. LOANS   

Loans outstanding, excluding those held for
sale, by general ledger classification, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, consisted of the following: 

In determining an appropriate amount for the
allowance, the Bank segments and evaluates the loan portfolio based on federal call report codes. The following portfolio classes
have been identified as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

20  

       Index   

The following tables present the loan balances by portfolio class,
based on impairment method, and the corresponding balances in the allowance for loan losses (ALLL) as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015: 

21  

       Index   

Impaired loans include nonaccrual loans
of $10.8 million at September 30, 2016 and $6.7 million at December 31, 2015. Impaired loans also include performing TDR loans
of $18.1 million at September 30, 2016 and $16.2 million at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, the allowance allocated to
TDR loans totaled $403 thousand, of which $154 thousand was allocated to nonaccrual loans. At December 31, 2015, the allowance
allocated to TDR loans totaled $441 thousand of which $162 thousand was allocated to nonaccrual loans. All but one accruing TDR
loan was paying in accordance with restructured terms as of September 30, 2016. The Company has not committed to lend additional
amounts as of September 30, 2016 to customers with outstanding loans that are classified as loan restructurings. 

 The following tables present loans individually
evaluated for impairment by class of loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (The average impaired loans on the following
tables represent year to date impaired loans.): 

Interest income recognized on impaired
loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was not material. The Company did not recognize any income
on nonaccruing impaired loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

22  

       Index   

Loans held for sale, at lower of cost
or fair value at September 30, 2016, represents loans that the Company has the intent to sell. The Company expects sale price
to approximate recorded investment. During the three months ending September 30, 2016, proceeds for sale of loans held for sale,
at lower of cost or fair value totaled approximately $44 million. During the nine months ending September 30, 2016, proceeds for
sale of loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value totaled approximately $183 million. The sale included whole loans
and participations. The Company recorded gains on sale of whole loans of $256 thousand and $880 thousand for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016. No loans were sold at a loss during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The sale
of these loans were part of the Company s balance sheet management strategy. Loans transferred from held for sale back into
the loan portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $30.1 million. These loans were transferred at their
lower of cost or fair value. 

 The following tables present the recorded
investment in nonaccrual and loans past due over 90 days still on accrual by class of loans as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015: 

23  

       Index   

The following tables present the aging of the recorded investment
in past due loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 by class of loans, excluding nonaccrual loans: 

Credit Quality Indicators:  

 The Company places all commercial loans
into various credit risk rating categories based on an assessment of the expected ability of the borrowers to properly service
their debt. The assessment considers numerous factors including, but not limited to, current financial information on the borrower,
historical payment experience, strength of any guarantor, nature of and value of any collateral, acceptability of the loan structure
and documentation, relevant public information and current economic trends. This credit risk rating analysis is performed when
the loan is initially underwritten and is subsequently re-evaluated annually, as follows: 

By an external independent loan review
firm for all loans with a risk rating of criticized and classified;     

On a random sampling basis by an external
independent loan review firm for loans under $500,000;    

Whenever Management otherwise identifies
a positive or negative trend or issue relating to a borrower.     

 The Company uses the following definitions
for risk ratings: 

  Special Mention:  Loans subject
to special mention have a potential weakness that deserves Management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential
weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loans or of the institution s credit position at
some future date. 

  Substandard:  Loans classified
as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged,
if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized
by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

24  

       Index   

Doubtful:  Loans classified
as doubtful have all the weakness inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses
make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and
improbable. 

 Loans that are considered to be impaired
are individually evaluated for potential loss and allowance adequacy. Loans not deemed impaired are collectively evaluated for
potential loss and allowance adequacy. As of September 30, 2016, and based on the most recent analysis performed, the risk category
of loans by class of loans is as follows: 

As of December 31, 2015, and based on the most recent analysis performed, the risk category of loans by class of loans is as follows: 

25  

       Index   

At September 30, 2016, $27.7 million
of substandard loans were also considered impaired compared to December 31, 2015, when $21.8 million were also impaired. 

 The activity in the allowance for loan
losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is summarized below: 

The activity in the allowance for loan
losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is summarized below: 

The activity in the allowance for loan
losses for the three months ended September 30, 2015 is summarized below: 

26  

       Index   

The activity in the allowance for loan
losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is summarized below: 

Troubled Debt Restructurings:  

 The Company has allocated $403 thousand
and $441 thousand of specific reserves on TDRs to customers whose loan terms have been modified in TDRs as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. There were no unfunded commitments to lend additional amounts to customers with outstanding
loans that are classified as TDRs. 

 During the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016, the terms of certain loans were modified as TDRs. The modification of the terms of such loans included
one or a combination of the following: a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan; a deferral of scheduled payments with
an extension of the maturity date; or some other modification or extension which would not be readily available in the market. 

 The following table presents loans by class
modified as TDRs during the three month period ended September 30, 2016: 

Pre-Modification       
     Post-Modification     

Outstanding       
     Outstanding     

Number of    
     Recorded       
     Recorded     
 
     (Dollars in thousands)    
     Contracts    
     Investment       
     Investment     
 
     Primary residential mortgage    
     1    
     $  368       
     $  368     
 
        Total    
     1    
     $  368       
     $  368     

The following table presents loans by class
modified as TDRs during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016: 

The identification of the troubled debt restructurings
did not have a significant impact on the allowance for loan losses. 

27  

       Index   

The following table presents loans by class
modified as TDRs during the three month period ended September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents loans by class
modified as TDRs during the nine month period ended September 30, 2015: 

There were no loans that were modified as TDRs
for which there was a payment default, within twelve months of modification, during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

The following table presents loans by class
modified as troubled debt restructurings for which there was a payment default, within twelve months of modification, during the
three month period ended September 30, 2015: 

Number of       
     Recorded     
 
     (Dollars in thousands)    
     Contracts       
     Investment     
 
     Primary residential mortgage    
        1       
     $  133     
 
        Total    
        1       
     $  133     

The following table presents loans by class
modified as troubled debt restructurings for which there was a payment default, within twelve months of modification, during the
nine month period ended September 30, 2015: 

Number of       
     Recorded     
 
     (Dollars in thousands)    
     Contracts       
     Investment     
 
     Primary residential mortgage    
        2       
     $  530     
 
        Total    
        2       
     $  530     

In order to determine whether a borrower is
experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on
any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed under the Company s internal
underwriting policy. At the time a loan is restructured, the Bank performs a full re-underwriting analysis, which includes, at
a minimum, obtaining current financial statements and tax returns, copies of all leases, if applicable, and an updated independent
appraisal of any property. A loan will continue to accrue interest if it can be reasonably determined that the borrower should
be able to perform under the modified terms, that the loan has not been chronically delinquent (both to debt service and real estate
taxes) or in nonaccrual status since its inception, and that there have been no charge-offs on the loan. Restructured loans with
previous charge-offs would not accrue interest at the time of the TDR. At a minimum, six months of contractual payments would need
to be made on a restructured loan before a loan may be considered for return to accrual status. 

28  

       Index   

4. DEPOSITS  

 Certificates of deposit, excluding brokered certificates of
deposit over $250,000 totaled $122.6 million and $115.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

 The following table sets forth the details of total deposits as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

(1)  Interest-bearing checking includes $417.0 million at September 30, 2016 and $398.7 million at December 31, 2015 of reciprocal
balances in the Reich   Tang Demand Deposit Marketplace program, as described in the Net Interest Income/Average Balance Sheet
section of the MD A.   

The scheduled maturities of certificates of deposit, including
brokered certificates of deposit, as of September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

5. FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES
AND OTHER BORROWINGS  

 Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank
of New York ( FHLB ) totaled $71.8 million with a weighted average interest rate of 1.89% and $83.7 million with a
weighted average interest rate of 1.78 percent at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

 At September 30, 2016, advances totaling
$59.8 million with a weighted average interest rate of 1.67 percent had fixed maturity dates. The fixed maturity date advances
at December 31, 2015 totaled $71.7 million with a weighted average interest rate of 1.57 percent. The fixed rate advances are secured
by blanket pledges of certain 1-4 family residential mortgages totaling $396.2 million and multifamily mortgages totaling $1.0
billion at September 30, 2016, while at December 31, 2015 the fixed rate advances are secured by blanket pledges of certain 1-4
family residential mortgages totaling $428.2 million and multifamily mortgages totaling $1.1 billion. 

29  

       Index   

Also at September 30, 2016 and at December
31, 2015, the Company had $12.0 million in variable rate advances, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.01 percent, that
are noncallable for two or three years and then callable quarterly with final maturities of ten years from the original date of
the advance. All of these advances are beyond their initial noncallable periods. These advances are secured by pledges of investment
securities totaling $15.6 million at September 30, 2016. 

The final maturity dates of the FHLB advances are scheduled
as follows: 

There were no overnight borrowings as
of September 30, 2016. Overnight borrowings with the Federal Home Loan Bank totaled $40.7 million with a weighted average rate
of 0.52 percent at December 31, 2015. 

  6. BUSINESS SEGMENTS  

 The Corporation assesses its results
among two operating segments, Banking and Peapack-Gladstone Bank s Private Wealth Management Division. Management uses certain
methodologies to allocate income and expense to the business segments. A funds transfer pricing methodology is used to assign interest
income and interest expense. Certain indirect expenses are allocated to segments. These include support unit expenses such as technology
and operations and other support functions. Taxes are allocated to each segment based on the effective rate for the period shown. 

  Banking  

 The Banking segment includes lending
and depository products and services, as well as various electronic banking services. 

  Private Wealth Management Division  

 Peapack-Gladstone Bank s Private
Wealth Management Division includes asset management services provided for individuals and institutions; personal trust services,
including services as executor, trustee, administrator, custodian and guardian; corporate trust services including services as
trustee for pension and profit sharing plans; and other financial planning and advisory services. 

30  

       Index   

The following tables present the statements
of income and total assets for the Corporation s reportable segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

31  

       Index   

7. FAIR VALUE  

 Fair value is the exchange price that would
be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset
or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. There are three levels of inputs that
may be used to measure fair values: 

Level 1:  
      Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date.   

Level 2:  
      Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.   

Level 3:  
      Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing as asset or liability.   

The Company used the following methods
and significant assumptions to estimate the fair value: 

  Investment Securities:  The fair
values for investment securities are determined by quoted market prices (Level 1). For securities where quoted prices are not available,
fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2). For securities where quoted prices or market
prices of similar securities are not available, fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows or other market indicators
(Level 3). 

  Loans Held for Sale, at Fair Value: 
The fair value of loans held for sale is determined using quoted prices for similar assets, adjusted for specific attributes of
that loan or other observable market data, such as outstanding commitments from third party investors (Level 2). 

  Derivatives : The fair values of derivatives
are based on valuation models using observable market data as of the measurement date (Level 2). Our derivatives are traded in
an over-the-counter market where quoted market prices are not always available. Therefore, the fair values of derivatives are determined
using quantitative models that utilize multiple market inputs. The inputs will vary based on the type of derivative, but could
include interest rates, prices and indices to generate continuous yield or pricing curves, prepayment rates, and volatility factors
to value the position. The majority of market inputs are actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, including
brokers, market transactions and third-party pricing services. 

32  

       Index   

Impaired Loans:  The fair value
of impaired loans with specific allocations of the allowance for loan losses is generally based on recent real estate appraisals.
These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income
approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between
the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments are usually significant and typically result in a Level 3 classification
of the inputs for determining fair value. 

  Other Real Estate Owned:  Nonrecurring
adjustments to certain commercial and residential real estate properties classified as other real estate owned (OREO) are measured
at fair value, less costs to sell. Fair values are based on recent real estate appraisals. These appraisals may use a single valuation
approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the
appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available.
Such adjustments are usually significant and typically result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. 

 Appraisals for both collateral-dependent
impaired loans and other real estate owned are performed by certified general appraisers (for commercial properties) or certified
residential appraisers (for residential properties) whose qualifications and licenses have been reviewed and verified by Management.
Once received, a member of the Credit Department reviews the assumptions and approaches utilized in the appraisal, as well as the
overall resulting fair value in comparison with independent data sources such as recent market data or industry-wide statistics.
Appraisals on collateral dependent impaired loans and other real estate owned (consistent for all loan types) are obtained on an
annual basis, unless a significant change in the market or other factors warrants a more frequent appraisal. On an annual basis,
Management compares the actual selling price of any collateral that has been sold to the most recent appraised value to determine
what additional adjustment should be made to the appraisal value to arrive at fair value for other properties. The most recent
analysis performed indicated that a discount up to 15 percent should be applied to appraisals on properties. The discount is determined
based on the nature of the underlying properties, aging of appraisals and other factors. For each collateral-dependent impaired
loan, we consider other factors, such as certain indices or other market information, as well as property specific circumstances
to determine if an adjustment to the appraised value is needed. In situations where there is evidence of change in value, the Bank
will determine if there is a need for an adjustment to the specific reserve on the collateral dependent impaired loans. When the
Bank applies an interim adjustment, it generally shows the adjustment as an incremental specific reserve against the loan until
it has received the full updated appraisal. As of September 30, 2016, all collateral-dependent impaired loans and other real estate
owned valuations were supported by an appraisal less than 12 months old. 

33  

       Index   

The following table summarizes, for the periods
indicated, assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including financial assets for which the Corporation has elected
the fair value option: 

Assets Measured on a Recurring Basis           

34  

       Index   

Assets Measured on a Recurring Basis           

The Corporation has elected the fair value option
for certain loans held for sale. These loans are intended for sale and the Corporation believes that the fair value is the best
indicator of the resolution of these loans. Interest income is recorded based on the contractual terms of the loan and in accordance
with the Corporation s policy on loans held for investment. None of these loans are 90 days or more past due nor on nonaccrual
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The following tables present residential loans
held for sale, at fair value for the periods indicated: 

There were no transfers between Level
1 and Level 2 during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

35  

       Index   

The following table summarizes, for the
periods indicated, assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis (Quantitative disclosures for non-recurring Level 3 assets
have been omitted due to immateriality): 

   Assets Measured on a Non-Recurring Basis   

Impaired loans that are measured for
impairment using the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans had a recorded investment of $408 thousand, with
a valuation allowance of $163 thousand at September 30, 2016 and $299 thousand, with a valuation allowance of $48 thousand, at
December 31, 2015. 

 At December 31, 2015, OREO at fair value
represents one commercial property. The Company did not record a valuation allowance during either of the three months or nine
months ended September 30, 2016. The Company recorded a valuation allowance of $250 thousand during the nine months ended September
30, 2015 

 The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments
at September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

36  

       Index   

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values
of financial instruments at December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

The methods and assumptions, not previously
presented, used to estimate fair values are described as follows: 

Cash and cash equivalents:  The carrying
amounts of cash and short-term instruments approximate fair values and are classified as either Level 1 or Level 2. Cash and due
from banks is classified as Level 1. Certificates of deposit are classified as Level 2. 

FHLB and FRB stock:  The fair value of
FHLB or FRB stock is their cost basis due to restrictions placed on its transferability. 

Loans held for sale, at lower of cost
or fair value:  The fair value of loans held for sale is determined using quoted prices for similar assets, adjusted for specific
attributes of that loan or other observable market data, such as outstanding commitments from third party investors. Loans held
for sale are classified as Level 2. 

  Loans:  For variable rate loans that reprice
frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values resulting in a Level 3 classification.
Fair values for other loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for
loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality resulting in a Level 3 classification. Impaired loans are valued
at the lower of cost or fair value as described previously. The methods utilized to estimate the fair value of loans do not necessarily
represent an exit price. 

Deposits:  The fair values disclosed for
demand deposits (e.g., interest and noninterest checking, savings and money market accounts) are, by definition, equal to the amount
payable on demand at the reporting date, (i.e., the carrying amount) resulting in a Level 1 classification. The carrying amounts
of certificates of deposit approximate the fair values at the reporting date resulting in Level 2 classification. Fair values for
fixed rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently
being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits resulting in a Level 2 classification. 

Overnight borrowings:  The carrying
amounts of overnight borrowings approximate fair values and are classified as Level 2. 

37  

       Index   

Federal Home Loan Bank advances:  The
fair values of the Corporation s long-term borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current
borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements resulting in a Level 2 classification. 

Subordinated debentures:  The fair values
of the Corporation s subordinated debentures are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current borrowing
rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements resulting in a Level 3 classification. 

Accrued interest receivable/payable: 
The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value resulting in a Level 2 or Level 3 classification. Accrued interest
on deposits and securities are included in Level 2. Accrued interest on loans is included in Level 3. 

  Off-balance sheet instruments:  Fair values
for off-balance sheet, credit-related financial instruments are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements,
taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties  credit standing. The fair value of commitments
is not material. 

8. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES  

The following table presents the major components
of other operating expenses for the periods indicated: 

9. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
(LOSS)/INCOME  

 The following is a summary of the accumulated
other comprehensive (loss)/income balances, net of tax, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

38  

       Index   

The following represents the reclassifications
out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Three Months Ended       

September 30,       

(In thousands)    
     2016       
     2015       
     Affected Line Item in Income  
 
     Unrealized gains on    

securities available for sale:    

Realized net gain on securities sales    
     $          
     $  83       
     Securities gains, net  
 
     Income tax expense    
                
        (33  )    
     Income tax expense  
 
          Total reclassifications, net of tax    
     $          
     $  50       

The following is a summary of the accumulated
other comprehensive (loss)/income balances, net of tax, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

39  

       Index   

The following represents the reclassifications
out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

10. DERIVATIVES  

 The Company utilizes interest rate swap
agreements as part of its asset liability management strategy to help manage its interest rate risk position. The notional amount
of the interest rate swaps does not represent amounts exchanged by the parties. The amount exchanged is determined by reference
to the notional amount and the other terms of the individual interest rate swap agreements. 

  Interest Rate Swaps Designated as
Cash Flow Hedges:  Interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $180 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
were designated as cash flow hedges of certain interest-bearing demand brokered deposits and were determined to be fully effective
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. As such, no amount of ineffectiveness has been included in net income
during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Therefore, the aggregate fair value of the swaps is
recorded in other assets/liabilities with changes in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income. The amount included in
accumulated other comprehensive income would be reclassified to current earnings should the hedges no longer be considered effective.
The Company expects the hedges to remain fully effective during the remaining terms of the swaps. 

40  

       Index   

The following information about the interest
rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is presented in the following table: 

Net interest expense recorded on these
swap transactions totaled $494 thousand and $1.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and is reported
as a component of interest expense. Net interest expense recorded on these swap transactions totaled $554 thousand and $997 thousand
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and is reported as a component of interest expense. 

  Cash Flow Hedges  

The following table presents the net
gains recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income and the consolidated financial statements relating to the cash
flow derivative instruments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (after tax): 

Amount of     

Amount of       
     Amount of       
     Gain/(Loss)     

Gain/(Loss)       
     Gain/(Loss)       
     Recognized in     

Recognized       
     Reclassified       
     Other Non-Interest     

In OCI       
     From OCI to       
     Expense     
 
     (In thousands)    
     (Effective Portion)       
     Interest Expense       
     (Ineffective Portion)     

Interest rate contracts    
     $  941       
     $          
     $        

The following table presents the net
losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income and the consolidated financial statements relating to the cash
flow derivative instruments for the three months ended September 30, 2015: 

Amount of     

Amount of       
     Amount of       
     Gain/(Loss)     

Gain/(Loss)       
     Gain/(Loss)       
     Recognized in     

Recognized       
     Reclassified       
     Other Non-Interest     

In OCI       
     From OCI to       
     Expense     
 
     (In thousands)    
     (Effective Portion)       
     Interest Expense       
     (Ineffective Portion)     

Interest rate contracts    
     $  (1,686  )    
     $          
     $        

41  

       Index   

The following table presents the net
losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income and the consolidated financial statements relating to the cash
flow derivative instruments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (after tax): 

Amount of     

Amount of       
     Amount of       
     Gain/(Loss)     

Gain/(Loss)       
     Gain/(Loss)       
     Recognized in     

Recognized       
     Reclassified       
     Other Non-Interest     

In OCI       
     From OCI to       
     Expense     
 
     (In thousands)    
     (Effective Portion)       
     Interest Expense       
     (Ineffective Portion)     

Interest rate contracts    
     $  (1,999  )    
     $          
     $        

The following table presents the net
losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income and the consolidated financial statements relating to the cash
flow derivative instruments for the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

Amount of     

Amount of       
     Amount of       
     Gain/(Loss)     

Gain/(Loss)       
     Gain/(Loss)       
     Recognized in     

Recognized       
     Reclassified       
     Other Non-Interest     

In OCI       
     From OCI to       
     Expense     
 
     (In thousands)    
     (Effective Portion)       
     Interest Expense       
     (Ineffective Portion)     

Interest rate contracts    
     $  (1,899  )    
     $          
     $        

The following tables reflect the cash flow hedges included in the financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

Derivatives Not Designated as Accounting
Hedges:  Beginning in 2015, the Company offered facility specific/loan level swaps to its customers and offsets its exposure
from such contracts by entering into mirror image swaps with a financial institution / swap counterparty (loan level / back to
back swap program). The customer accommodations and any offsetting swaps are treated as non-hedging derivative instruments which
do not qualify for hedge accounting ( standalone derivatives ). The notional amount of the swaps does not represent
amounts exchanged by the parties. The amount exchanged is determined by reference to the notional amount and the other terms of
the individual contracts. The fair value of the swaps is recorded as both an asset and a liability, in other assets and other liabilities,
respectively, in equal amounts for these transactions. 

42  

       Index   

Information about these swaps is as follows: 

11. SUBORDINATED DEBT  

During June 2016, the
Company issued $50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating subordinated notes (the  Notes )
to certain institutional investors. The Notes are non-callable for five years, have a stated maturity of June 30, 2026, and bear
interest at a fixed rate of 6.0% per year until June 30, 2021. From June 30, 2021 to the maturity date or early redemption
date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to a level equal to the then current three-month LIBOR rate plus 485 basis points,
payable quarterly in arrears. Debt issuance costs incurred totaled $1.3 million and are being amortized to maturity.  Subordinated
debt is presented net of issuance cost on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. 

 Approximately $40.0 million
of the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes were used by the Company to contribute capital to the Bank
in the second quarter of 2016. Remaining funds will be used for general corporate purposes. 

 In connection with the
issuance of the Notes, the Company obtained ratings from Kroll Bond Rating Agency ( KBRA ). KBRA assigned investment
grade rating of BBB- for the Company s subordinated debt. 

12. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  implements a common revenue standard that clarifies the
principles for recognizing revenue. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to
be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following steps:
(is) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction
price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (v) recognize revenue when (or as)
the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In July 2015, FASB deferred the effective date of the ASU by one year which means
ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2018.  In March 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-08 which amended illustrative
examples to clarify how to apply the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The Company does not expect
the guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB amended existing guidance
to improve accounting standards for financial instruments including clarification and simplification of accounting and disclosure
requirements and the requirement for public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial
instruments for disclosure purposes. These amendments are effective for public business entities for annual periods and interim
periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is evaluating the impact of these amendments
on its consolidated financial statements. 

43   

      Index  

In February 2016, the FASB amended existing
guidance to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the
balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. These amendments are effective for public business entities
for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is evaluating
the impact of these amendments on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB amended existing guidance
to simplify aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. These amendments are effective for
public business entities for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.
The Company is evaluating the impact of these amendments on its consolidated financial statements. 

On June 16, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments  (the ASU).   This ASU replaces the incurred loss model with an expected loss model, referred
to as  current expected credit loss  (CECL) model.  It will significantly change estimates for credit losses related
to financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loans receivable, held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities and certain
other contracts.   The largest impact will be on lenders and the allowance for loan and lease losses (ALLL).  This
ASU will be effective for public business entities (PBEs) in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim
periods within those fiscal years.  The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on its consolidated
financial statements. 

On August 26, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments) . This
ASU addresses the following eight specific cash flow issues: Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon
debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest
rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance
claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies (COLIs) (including bank-owned life insurance policies
(BOLIs)); distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately
identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. This amendment is effective for public business entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. There is no material impact
on our statement of cash flows as a result of this ASU. 

On October 24, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-16,  Income Taxes   (Topic 740): Intra-Equity Transfers of Assets other than Inventory .   These
amendments require an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory
when the transfer occurs. The amendments eliminate the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory.
The amendments do not include new disclosure requirements; however, existing disclosure requirements might be applicable when accounting
for the current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory. These amendments are effective
for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods
within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted for all entities in the first interim period if an entity issues
interim financial statements. The Company is evaluating the impact of these amendments on its consolidated financial statements. 

44   

      Index  

Item 2 

    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  

  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

GENERAL:  This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, both in the following discussion and analysis and elsewhere contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are not historical facts and include expressions about Management s
view of future interest income and net loans, Management s confidence and strategies and Management s expectations
about new and existing programs and products, relationships, opportunities and market conditions. These statements may be identified
by such forward-looking terminology as  expect ,  look ,  believe ,  anticipate ,
 may ,  will , or similar statements or variations of such terms. Actual results may differ materially
from such forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such
forward-looking statements include, among others, those risk factors identified in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, in addition to/which include the following: 

inability to successfully grow our business and implement our strategic
plan, including an inability to generate revenues to offset the increased personnel and other costs related to the strategic plan;    

the impact of anticipated higher operating expenses, in particular,
higher FDIC insurance premiums, in 2016 and beyond;    

inability to manage our growth;    

inability to successfully integrate our expanded employee base;    

a continued or unexpected decline in the economy, in particular in
our New Jersey and New York market areas;    

declines in our net interest margin caused by the low interest rate
environment and highly competitive market;    

declines in value in our investment portfolio;    

higher than expected increases in our allowance for loan losses;    

higher than expected increases in loan losses or in the level of nonperforming
loans;    

unexpected changes in interest rates;    

a continued or unexpected decline in real estate values within our
market areas;    

legislative and regulatory actions (including the impact of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, Basel III and related regulations) subject us to additional regulatory oversight
which may result in increased compliance costs;    

successful cyberattacks against our IT infrastructure and that of our
IT providers;    

adverse weather conditions;    

inability to successfully generate new business in new geographic markets;    

inability to execute upon new business initiatives;    

lack of liquidity to fund our various cash obligations;    

reduction in our lower-cost funding sources;    

our inability to adapt to technological
changes;    

current and future economic and market
conditions in the United States generally or in the communities we serve, including the effects of declines in property values,
increases in unemployment rates and potential reductions of economic growth, which may adversely affect our lending and other businesses
and our financial results and conditions;     

the effect of a decline in stock market prices on our trust advisory
income from our wealth management business;    

45   

       Index   

claims and litigation pertaining to fiduciary responsibility, environmental
laws and other matters; and     

other unexpected material adverse changes in our operations or earnings.    

The Company assumes no responsibility to update
such forward-looking statements in the future even if experience shows that the indicated results or events will not be realized.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee
future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES: 
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon the Company s consolidated
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation
of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses. Note 1 to the Company s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
December 31, 2015, contains a summary of the Company s significant accounting policies. 

 Management believes that the Company s
policy with respect to the methodology for the determination of the allowance for loan losses involves a higher degree of complexity
and requires Management to make difficult and subjective judgments, which often require assumptions or estimates about highly uncertain
matters. Changes in these judgments, assumptions or estimates could materially impact results of operations. This critical policy
and its application are periodically reviewed with the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors. 

 The provision for loan losses is based
upon Management s evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance, including an assessment of known and inherent risks in the
portfolio, giving consideration to the size and composition of the loan portfolio, actual loan loss experience, level of delinquencies,
detailed analysis of individual loans for which full collectability may not be assured, the existence and estimated fair value
of any underlying collateral and guarantees securing the loans, and current economic and market conditions. Although Management
uses the best information available, the level of the allowance for loan losses remains an estimate, which is subject to significant
judgment and short-term change. Various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review
the Company s allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require the Company to make additional provisions for loan losses
based upon information available to them at the time of their examination. Furthermore, the majority of the Company s loans
are secured by real estate in the State of New Jersey and, to a lesser extent, New York City. Accordingly, the collectability of
a substantial portion of the carrying value of the Company s loan portfolio is susceptible to changes in local market conditions
and any adverse economic conditions. Future adjustments to the provision for loan losses and allowance for loan losses may be necessary
due to economic, operating, regulatory and other conditions beyond the Company s control. 

 The Company accounts for its securities
in accordance with  Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities,  which was codified into Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 320. All securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value,
with unrealized holding gains and losses reported in other comprehensive income, net of tax. 

 Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. For
securities in an unrealized loss position, Management considers the extent and duration of the unrealized loss and the financial
condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. Management also assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than
not that it will be required to sell, a security in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If
either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the entire difference between amortized cost and fair value
is recognized as impairment through earnings. For debt securities that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, the amount of impairment
is split into two components as follows: 1) other-than-temporary impairment related to credit loss, which must be recognized in
the income statement and 2) other-than-temporary impairment related to other factors, which is recognized in other comprehensive
income. The credit loss is defined as the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and the
amortized cost basis. No impairment charges were recognized in the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. For
equity securities, the entire amount of impairment is recognized through earnings. 

46   

       Index   

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY:  The following table
presents certain key aspects of our performance for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The following table presents certain key aspects of our performance for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

47   

       Index   

For the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded net income of $7.1 million compared to $5.4 million for the same quarter of
2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, diluted earnings per share were $0.43 and $0.35, respectively. Annualized
return on average assets was 0.77 percent and annualized return on average equity was 9.44 percent for the third quarter of 2016,
compared to 0.66 percent and 8.19 percent, respectively, for the same quarter of 2015. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company recorded net income of $19.2 million compared to $15.6 million for the same period of 2015. Diluted earnings per common
share were $1.17 and $1.02 for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. Annualized return on average assets was 0.71
percent and annualized return on average common equity was 8.79 percent for the first nine months of 2016, compared to 0.69 percent
and 8.19 percent, respectively, for the nine months ending September 30, 2015. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS:  For a discussion
of our contractual obligations, see the information set forth in the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015 under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations   Contractual Obligations  which is incorporated herein by reference. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS:  For a
discussion of our off-balance sheet arrangements, see the information set forth in the Corporation s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  which is incorporated herein by reference. 

EARNINGS ANALYSIS   

NET INTEREST INCOME/AVERAGE BALANCE SHEET:  

The primary source of the Company s operating
income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest and dividends earned on earning assets and fees earned
on loans, and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Earning assets include loans to individuals and businesses, investment
securities, interest-earning deposits and federal funds sold. Interest-bearing liabilities include interest-bearing checking, savings
and time deposits, Federal Home Loan Bank advances, subordinated debt and other borrowings. Net interest income is determined by
the difference between the yields earned on earning assets and the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities ( Net Interest
Spread ) and the relative amounts of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The Company s Net Interest Spread
is affected by regulatory, economic and competitive factors that influence interest rates, loan demand and deposit flows and general
levels of nonperforming assets. 

48   

       Index   

The following table summarizes the Company s net interest income
and related spread and margin, on a fully tax-equivalent basis, for the periods indicated: 

Net interest income, on a fully tax-equivalent basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, grew $2.6 million, or 12 percent,
from the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $10.5
million or 17 percent when compared to the same period in 2015. This growth is due to increased earning assets, principally loans.
Net interest spread and margin for the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016 declined when compared to the same 2015
periods due to the effect of the subordinated debt issuance in June 2016, as well as the continuing effect of low market yields,
as well as competitive pressures in attracting new loans and deposits. Net interest income for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was benefitted by loan growth during the latter part of 2015 and in 2016. The Company expects continued loan
growth in this lower market rate and competitive environment. 

The following table summarizes the Company s loans closed for
the periods indicated: 

(A)  
      Includes loans and lines of credit that closed in the period, but not necessarily funded.   

49   

       Index   

(A)  
      Includes loans and lines of credit that closed in the
period, but not necessarily funded.   

As the Company has previously explained, anticipated multifamily loan originations (and growth) would be less in 2016, as the Company
managed its balance sheet such that multifamily loans decline as a percentage of the overall loan portfolio and commercial loans
become a larger percentage of the overall loan portfolio. The Company anticipates that this balance sheet management, however,
may not be linear each quarter, and would rather be apparent over periods of time. 

50   

       Index   

The following table reflects the components of the average
balance sheet and of net interest income for the periods indicated: 

   Average Balance Sheet   

  Unaudited  

  Three Months Ended  

(1)  
      Average balances for available for sale securities are based on amortized cost.   

(2)  
      Interest income is presented on a tax-equivalent basis using a 35 percent federal tax rate.   

(3)  
      Loans are stated net of unearned income and include nonaccrual loans.   

(4)  
      Net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis as a percentage of total average interest-earning assets.   

51   

       Index   

Average Balance Sheet   

  Unaudited  

  Nine Months Ended  

(1)  
      Average balances for available for sale securities are based on amortized cost.   

(2)  
      Interest income is presented on a tax-equivalent basis using a 35 percent federal tax rate.   

(3)  
      Loans are stated net of unearned income and include nonaccrual loans.   

(4)  
      Net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis as a percentage of total average interest-earning assets.   

52   

       Index   

The effect of volume and rate changes on net
interest income (on a tax-equivalent basis) for the periods indicated are shown below: 

Interest income on earning assets, on a fully
tax-equivalent basis, totaled $30.1 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $26.0 million for the same quarter of 2015,
reflecting an increase of $4.1 million or 16 percent, from the third quarter in 2015. Average earning assets totaled $3.57 billion
for the third quarter of 2016, an increase of $385.5 million or 12 percent, from the same period of 2015. The average commercial
loan portfolio increased $119.0 million or 26 percent, from the third quarter of 2015, averaging $573.2 million for the third quarter
of 2016. The average commercial mortgage portfolio (which includes multifamily mortgage loans) increased $209.3 million to $2.05
billion for the third quarter of 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015. The increase in both portfolios was attributable
to the addition of seasoned banking professionals over the course of 2015 and 2016; a more concerted focus on the client service
and value added aspects of the lending process; and more of a focus on markets outside of the immediate branch service area, including
markets around the Teaneck and Princeton private banking offices, as well as the New York City market. The increase was also due
to demand from borrowers looking to refinance multifamily mortgages held by other institutions. 

53   

       Index   

For the quarters ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the average rates earned on earning assets was 3.37 percent and 3.26 percent, respectively, an increase of 11 basis
points. The increased overall yield was due to growth in commercial loans at higher rates, as well as certain cash flows from the
investment portfolio being invested in higher yielding loans .  

For the third quarter of 2016, total interest-bearing
deposits averaged $2.72 billion, increasing $245.2 million or 10 percent from the average balance for the same period of 2015.
The growth in customer deposits (excluding brokered CDs and brokered interest-bearing demand, but including reciprocal funds discussed
below) has come from the addition of seasoned banking professionals over the course of 2015 and into 2016; an intense focus on
providing high-touch client service; and a full array of treasury management products that support core deposit growth.   

Average rates paid on total interest-bearing
deposits were 63 basis points and 58 basis points for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of 5 basis
points. The increase in the average rate paid on deposits was principally due to growth in higher costing certificates of deposit
in part to help manage the Company s interest rate risk position, as well as to address competitive pressures in attracting
new deposits in volumes sufficient to appropriately fund asset growth. 

For the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, average
borrowings totaled $87.3 million and $107.8 million, respectively, decreasing $20.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 when compared
to the same period of 2015. The decrease was principally due to scheduled maturities of FHLB advances. 

The Company is a participant in the Reich  
Tang Demand Deposit Marketplace ( DDM ) program. The Company uses these deposit sweep services to place customer funds
into interest-bearing demand (checking) accounts issued by other participating banks. Customer funds are placed at one or more
participating banks to ensure that each deposit customer is eligible for the full amount of FDIC insurance. As a program participant,
the Company receives reciprocal amounts of deposits from other participating banks. The DDM program is considered to be a source
of brokered deposits for bank regulatory purposes. However, the Company considers these reciprocal deposit balances to be in-market
customer deposits as distinguished from traditional out-of-market brokered deposits. Such reciprocal deposit balances are included
in the Company s interest-bearing checking balances. Reciprocal balances averaged $411.9 million for the September 30, 2016
quarter and $366.5 million for the September 30, 2015 quarter. 

In June 2016, the Company issued $50.0 million
of subordinated debt ($48.7 million net of issuance costs) bearing interest at an annual rate of 6 percent for the first five years,
and thereafter at an adjustable rate and until maturity in June 2026 or earlier redemption. For the third quarter of 2016, the
subordinated debt balance averaged $48.7 million. 

Interest income on earning assets, on a fully
tax-equivalent basis increased by $15.0 million or 21 percent for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in
2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 average earning assets increased $528.2 million from $2.95 billion for the same
period in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the average commercial portfolio increased $173.3 million, or 46 percent,
from the same period in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the average commercial mortgage portfolio (which includes
multifamily mortgage loans) increased $363.2 million from $1.66 billion in the same period in 2015. The increase in both portfolios
was attributable to the addition of seasoned banking professionals over the course of 2015 and 2016; a more concerted focus on
the client service and value added aspects of the lending process; more of a focus on markets outside of the immediate branch service
area, including markets around the Teaneck and Princeton private banking offices, as well as the New York City market. The increase
was also due to demand from borrowers looking to refinance multifamily mortgages held by other institutions. 

54   

       Index   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the average rates earned on earning assets was 3.35 percent and 3.27 percent, respectively, an increase of 8 basis points.
The increased overall yield on earning assets was due to growth in commercial loans which produce a higher yield, as well as certain
cash flows from the investment portfolio being invested in higher yielding loans. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
total interest-bearing deposits averaged $2.62 billion, increasing $372.5 million or 17 percent from the average balance for the
same 2015 period. The increase in customer deposits (excluding brokered CDs and brokered interest-bearing demand deposits, but
including reciprocal funds) of $451.4 million in the first nine months of 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015 has come
from the addition of seasoned banking professionals over the course of 2015 and continuing into the first nine months of 2016;
an intense focus on providing high-touch client service; and a new full array of treasury management products that support core
deposit growth.   

Average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were 62 basis points compared to 52 basis points for the same period in 2015, reflecting
an increase of 10 basis points. The increase in the average rate paid on deposits was principally due to growth in higher costing
certificates of deposit partially to help manage the Company s interest rate risk position, as well as to address competitive
pressures in attracting new deposits in volumes sufficient to appropriately fund asset growth. 

Average borrowings increased by $33.5 million
to $154.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same 2015 period. The increase was due to periodic
increased short-term borrowings to fund loan growth ahead of deposit growth. 

Average subordinated debt increased by $19.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company issued $50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating
subordinated notes in the second quarter of 2016. 

INVESTMENT SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE:
 Investment securities available for sale are purchased, sold and/or maintained as a part of the Company s overall balance
sheet management including liquidity and interest rate risk management strategies, and in response to changes in interest rates,
liquidity needs, prepayment speeds and/or other factors. These securities are carried at estimated fair value, and unrealized changes
in fair value are recognized as a separate component of shareholders  equity, net of income taxes. Realized gains and losses
are recognized in income at the time the securities are sold. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had investment
securities available for sale with a fair value of $249.6 million compared with $195.6 million at December 31, 2015. Net unrealized
gains (net of income tax) of $1.0 million and $408 thousand were included in shareholders  equity at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. 

55   

       Index   

The carrying value of investment securities
available for sale as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are shown below: 

The following table presents the contractual
maturities and yields of debt securities available for sale, stated at fair value, as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)  Shown using stated final maturity.   

(2)  Yields presented on a fully tax-equivalent basis.   

OTHER INCOME :   The following
table presents the major components of other income, excluding income from wealth management, which is summarized and discussed
subsequently: 

56   

       Index   

Service charges and fees for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 were generally flat compared to the same periods last year. Increases in income from
debit card usage, as well as account analysis fees, were offset by declines in overdraft/NSF fees. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
income from the sale of newly originated residential mortgage loans was $383 thousand compared to $102 thousand for the same prior
year period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, income from the sale of newly originated
residential mortgages loans increased from $411 thousand to $813 thousand. The increases were a result of a higher volume of loans
originated for sale in the 2016 periods when compared to the same periods in 2015. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recorded $340 thousand and $1.0 million, respectively, of bank owned life insurance (BOLI) income as compared
to $260 thousand and $1.0 million for the same periods in 2015. The nine months ended September 30, 2015 included $285 thousand
additional income related to a net life insurance death benefit under the Company s BOLI policies. BOLI income in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 benefitted from the increase of the BOLI policy by $10 million which occurred in the fourth quarter
of 2015. 

 There were no securities gains for the
September 2016 quarter compared to $83 thousand for the same 2015 quarter. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 securities
gains were $119 thousand compared to $527 thousand for the same 2015 period. Sales of securities have been generally employed to
benefit interest rate risk, prepayment risk, and/or liquidity risk. Given the shorter duration of our investment portfolio and
the interest rate environment, such sales will continue to be a very small component of the Company s operations. 

 Gains on the sale of multifamily loans
held for sale at the lower of cost or fair value was $256 thousand for the quarter ending September 30, 2016 and $880 thousand
for the nine months ending September 30, 2016. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company began selling whole multifamily loans
in addition to multifamily loan participations. The Company intends to continue to employ loan sales and loan participations to
manage the Company s balance sheet. As the Company explained over the last several quarters, the Company anticipated multifamily
loan originations (and growth) would be less than past quarters, as it manages its balance sheet such that multifamily loans decline
as a percentage of the overall loan portfolio and commercial loans become a larger percentage of the overall loan portfolio. The
Company anticipates that this balance sheet management, however, will likely not be linear each quarter, but will rather be apparent
over periods of time. 

57   

       Index   

The third quarter of 2016 included $243
thousand of income related to the Company s SBA lending and sale program. The SBA program was fully implemented in the March
2016 quarter. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there was $502 thousand of income related to the Company s SBA
lending and sale program. 

 The third quarter of 2016 included $670
thousand of loan level, back-to-back swap income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there was $764 thousand of loan
level, back-to-back swap income compared to $373 thousand in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The program utilizes mirror
interest rate swaps, one directly with the commercial loan customer and one directly with a well-established counterparty. This
enables a commercial loan customer to benefit from a fixed rate loan, while the Company records a floating rate loan. The program
provides enhanced interest rate risk management, as well as the potential for fee income for the Company. While the Company cannot
predict the amount of fee income that may be recognized each period, this program is a part of ongoing operations. 

 Other income was $395 thousand for the September
2016 quarter compared to $164 thousand for the September 2015 quarter. Other income was $1.1 million for the nine months ending
September 30, 2016 compared to $429 thousand for the same period in 2015. Increases were seen in loan servicing fees due to continued
multifamily loan participations and higher unused line of credit fees associated with the Commercial lending business. 

OPERATING EXPENSES:  The following table
presents the components of operating expenses for the periods indicated: 

58   

       Index   

The Company s total operating expenses
were $18.2 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to $16.9 million in the same 2015 quarter, reflecting a net
increase of $1.3 million or 7 percent. Total operating expenses grew by $7.2 million to $56.1 million for the nine months ending
September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015, reflecting an increase of 15 percent. 

 Salary and benefits expenses increased
to $11.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $10.3 million in the same period in 2015, an increase of $1.2 million or 12
percent. Strategic hiring that was in line with the Company s Plan, including staff associated with credit and risk management,
normal salary increases and increased bonus/incentive accruals associated with the Company s growth, all contributed to the
increase from the September 2015 quarter to the September 2016 quarter. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 had salary and
benefits expenses increasing to $33.5 million from $29.6 million for the same period in 2015. This increase is due to the same
reasons noted previously, as well as the acquisition of Wealth Management Consultants in May 2015. 

 Premises and equipment expenses totaled $2.7
million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, which was relatively flat to the same 2015 period. Premises and equipment expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $163 thousand to $8.3 million when compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increases were consistent with the Company s continued growth, as well as certain investment in risk
management related analytics and practices. 

The Company expected and previously disclosed
that FDIC assessment expense for 2016 would be significantly higher than 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the
FDIC assessment totaled $4.0 million compared to $1.3 million for the same nine month period in 2015.For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, FDIC insurance expense was $814 thousand compared to $416 thousand for the three months ended September 30,
2015, increasing $398 thousand. However, the third quarter of 2016 FDIC premium declined $767 thousand from the second quarter
of 2016. Beginning July 1, 2016 the FDIC assessment system was revised. Revisions for  small institutions  (under $10
billion in assets) resulted in, among other things, the elimination of risk categories and utilization of a financial ratios method
to determine assessment rates. The changes reduced the Company s assessment rate by nearly 50%, when compared to the second
quarter 2016 assessment rate. 

The Company also expected and previously disclosed
that other operating expenses, including professional fees, would be higher in 2016. Professional fees increased $123 thousand
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $515 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the
same periods of 2015. Given the Company s significant growth and high concentration in multifamily lending, the Company accelerated
costs over 2016 to ensure it adhered to best in class risk management practices. The Company had originally planned for such expenditures
over a two to three year period, but felt it prudent to push them forward into 2016. 

PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT DIVISION: 
This division has served in the roles of executor and trustee while providing investment management, custodial, tax, retirement
and financial services to its growing client base. Officers from the Private Wealth Management Division are available to provide
trust and investment services at the Bank s corporate headquarters in Bedminster, at private banking locations in Bedminster,
Morristown, Princeton and Teaneck, New Jersey and at the Bank s subsidiary, PGB Trust   Investments of Delaware, in Greenville,
Delaware. 

59   

       Index   

The following table presents certain key aspects
of the Bank s Private Wealth Management Division performance for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

(1)  2016 results include the income and expenses of the Wealth Management Consultants Division, which
was acquired in May 2015.   

In the September 2016 quarter, the Private Wealth
Management Division generated $4.4 million in fee income compared to $4.2 million for the September 2015 quarter, reflecting a
6 percent increase. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Private Wealth Management Division generated $13.6 million
in fee income compared to $12.7 million for the same period in 2015, reflecting a 7 percent increase. The market value of the assets
under administration ( AUA ) of the wealth management division was $3.50 billion at September 30, 2016, reflecting
an increase of 8 percent from $3.25 billion at September 30, 2015. The growth in fee income was due to several factors, including
continued healthy new business results, somewhat offset by normal levels of disbursements and outflows. The net positive contribution
to revenue from fee income was partially offset by the broader market declines in the latter part of 2015, as well as the first
quarter of 2016, which negatively impacted AUA and the correlated investment fee revenue at the outset of 2016.  

The Company continues to incorporate wealth
management into conversations it has with  the Company s clients, across business lines. The Company has expanded
its wealth management team and will continue to grow its team and expand its products, services, and advice delivered to clients. 

While the  Operating Expenses  section
above offers an overall discussion of the Corporation s expenses, including the Private Wealth Management Division, operating
expenses relative to the Private Wealth Management Division totaled $3.6 million and $3.7 million for the third quarters of 2016
and 2015, respectively, a decrease of $145 thousand, or 4 percent. Operating expenses relative to the Private Wealth Management
Division totaled $11.1 million and $10.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase
of $626 thousand, or 6 percent. Increased expenses in 2016 include the expenses of the Wealth Management Consultants Division,
which was acquired in May 2015. Remaining expenses are in line with the Company s Strategic Plan, particularly the hiring
of key management and revenue-producing personnel. Revenue and profitability related to the new personnel will generally lag expenses
by several quarters. 

The Private Wealth Management Division currently
generates adequate revenue to support the salaries, benefits and other expenses of the Division; however, Management believes that
the Bank generates adequate liquidity to support the expenses of the Private Wealth Management Division should it be necessary. 

60   

       Index   

NONPERFORMING ASSETS:  OREO, loans past due in excess
of 90 days and still accruing, and nonaccrual loans are considered nonperforming assets. 

 The following table sets forth asset quality
data on the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

(1)  
      Nonperforming loans/assets do not include performing
TDRs.   

The Company does not hold and has not made or invested in subprime
loans or  Alt-A  type mortgages. 

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES : The provision
for loan losses was $2.1 million for the third quarter of 2016 and $1.6 million for the same quarter of 2015. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 the provision for loan losses was $6.0 million and $5.2 million, respectively. The amount of
the loan loss provision and the level of the allowance for loan losses are based upon a number of factors including Management s
evaluation of probable losses inherent in the portfolio, after consideration of appraised collateral values, financial condition
and past credit history of the borrowers, as well as prevailing economic conditions. Commercial credits generally carry a higher
risk profile compared to some of the other credits, which is reflected in Management s determination of the proper level
of the allowance for loan losses. 

The provision for loan losses of $2.1 million
in the third quarter of 2016 was primarily related to loan growth experienced by the Company, as well as greater qualitative factor
allocations of the allowance to commercial loans and commercial real estate loans. Originations of commercial loans and commercial
real estate loans have increased, and these loans have historically carried a higher general reserve allocation than multifamily
loans. In the third quarter of 2016, Management reevaluated the qualitative factors for these loan types and as a result of the
evaluation, increased the allocations. In addition, the multifamily portfolio is more seasoned and the Company continues to reduce
concentration risk through multifamily loan participations and whole loan sales. 

61   

       Index   

The overall allowance for loan losses was $30.6
million as of September 30, 2016 compared to $25.9 million at December 31, 2015. As a percentage of loans, the allowance for loan
losses was 0.95 percent as of September 30, 2016 and 0.89 percent as of December 31, 2015. The specific reserves on impaired loans
have increased to $690 thousand at September 30, 2016 compared to $490 thousand as of December 31, 2015. Total impaired loans were
$29.0 million and $23.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The general component of the allowance
increased from $25.4 million at December 31, 2015 to $29.9 million at September 30, 2016, due principally to the loan growth and
the greater qualitative factor allocations referenced previously. 

A summary of the allowance for loan losses for
the quarterly periods indicated follows: 

INCOME TAXES:  For the third quarter of
2016 and 2015 income tax expense as a percentage of pre-tax income was 38.3 percent and 39.0 percent, respectively. For the nine
months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015 income tax expense as a percentage of pre-tax income was 38.1 percent and 38.8 percent,
respectively. 

62   

       Index   

CAPITAL RESOURCES:  A solid capital base
provides the Company with the ability to support future growth and financial strength and is essential to executing the Company s
Strategic Plan    Expanding Our Reach.  The Company s capital strategy is intended to provide stability
to expand its businesses, even in stressed environments. Quarterly stress testing is integral to the Company s capital management
process. 

The Company strives to maintain capital levels
in excess of internal  triggers  and in excess of those considered to be well capitalized under regulatory guidelines
applicable to banks. Maintaining an adequate capital position supports the Company s goal of providing shareholders an attractive
and stable long-term return on investment. 

Capital for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 was benefitted by net income of $7.1 million and by $5.4 million of voluntary share purchases by our shareholders under the
Dividend Reinvestment Plan. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation
to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of Total, Common Equity Tier 1 and Tier 1 capital
(each as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier I capital (as defined) to average assets
(as defined). At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all of the Bank s capital ratios remain above the levels required
to be considered  well capitalized  and the Company s capital ratios remain above regulatory requirements. 

To be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank
must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier I risk-based, common equity Tier I and Tier I leverage ratios as set forth in the
table. 

The Bank s actual capital amounts and ratios are presented
in the following table: 

63   

       Index   

The Company s actual capital amounts and ratios are
presented in the following table: 

(A)  
     
         When fully phased in on January 1, 2019, the
        Basel Rules will require the Company and the Bank to maintain a 2.5%  capital conservation buffer  on top of the minimum
        risk-weighted asset ratios. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking
        institutions with a ratio of (i) CET1 to risk-weighted assets, (ii) Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets or (iii) total capital
        to risk-weighted assets above the respective minimum but below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends,
        equity repurchases and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers based on the amount of the shortfall. The implementation
        of the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016 at the 0.625% level and will increase by 0.625% on each subsequent
        January 1, until it reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019. 

The Company s regulatory total
risk based capital ratio beginning June 30, 2016 was benefitted by the $49 million (net) subordinated debt issuance that closed
in June 2016. The Company down-streamed approximately $40 million of those proceeds to the Bank as capital, benefitting all the
Bank s regulatory capital ratios at that time. 

 The Dividend Reinvestment Plan of Peapack-Gladstone
Financial Corporation, or the  Reinvestment Plan,  allows shareholders of the Company to purchase additional shares
of common stock using cash dividends without payment of any brokerage commissions or other charges. Shareholders may also make
voluntary cash payments of up to $200 thousand per quarter to purchase additional shares of common stock. The Reinvestment Plan
provided $5.4 million of capital to the Company in the third quarter of 2016 and provides a continuing source of capital. 

As previously announced, on October 27,
2016, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.05 per share payable on November 25, 2016 to shareholders of
record on November 10, 2016. 

 Management believes the Company s
capital position and capital ratios are adequate. Further, Management believes the Company has sufficient common equity to support
its planned growth and expansion for the immediate future. The Company continually assesses other potential sources of capital,
other than common equity to support future growth. 

  LIQUIDITY:  Liquidity refers to an institution s
ability to meet short-term requirements including funding of loans, deposit withdrawals and maturing obligations, as well as long-term
obligations, including potential capital expenditures. The Company s liquidity risk management is intended to ensure the
Company has adequate funding and liquidity to support its assets across a range of market environments and conditions, including
stressed conditions. Principal sources of liquidity include cash, temporary investments, securities available for sale, customer
deposit inflows, loan repayments and secured borrowings. Other liquidity sources include loan sales and loan participations. 

64   

       Index   

Management actively monitors and manages the
Company s liquidity position and believes it is sufficient to meet future needs. Cash and cash equivalents, including federal
funds sold and interest-earning deposits, totaled $159.6 million at September 30, 2016. In addition, the Company had $249.6 million
in securities designated as available for sale at September 30, 2016. These securities can be sold, or used as collateral for borrowings,
in response to liquidity concerns. In addition, the Company generates significant liquidity from scheduled and unscheduled principal
repayments of loans and mortgage-backed securities. 

A further source of liquidity is borrowing capacity.
At September 30, 2016, unused borrowing commitments totaled $1.0 billion from the FHLB, $231.6 million from the Federal Reserve
Bank and $15.0 million from correspondent banks. 

During the September 2016 quarter, customer
deposit growth of $191.0 million (principally noninterest-bearing and money market) and increased capital of $13.5 million, basically
funded net asset growth of $169.7 million, and reduced other borrowings of $42 million. 

Brokered interest-bearing demand ( overnight )
deposits stayed flat at $200 million at September 30, 2016. The interest rate paid on these deposits allows the Bank to fund at
attractive rates and engage in interest rate swaps to hedge its asset-liability interest rate risk. The Company ensures ample available
collateralized liquidity as a backup to these short term brokered deposits. 

 From a liquidity/funding perspective, such brokered
deposits, at a cost of approximately 50 to 60 basis points (excluding cost of hedging), are generally a more cost effective alternative
than other borrowings and do not require use of pledged collateral, as secured wholesale borrowings do. From a balance sheet management
perspective, the rate paid on these short term brokered deposits is used as the basis to transact longer term interest rate swaps,
basically extending repricing generally to five years for asset matching / interest rate risk management purposes. As of September
30, 2016, the Company has transacted pay fixed, receive floating interest rate swaps totaling $180.0 million notional amount. 

The Company has a Board-approved Contingency
Funding Plan in place. This plan provides a framework for managing adverse liquidity stress and contingent sources of liquidity.
The Company conducts liquidity stress testing on a regular basis to ensure sufficient liquidity in a stressed environment. 

Management believes the Company s liquidity
position and sources are adequate. 

ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT : The Company s
Asset/Liability Committee (ALCO) is responsible for developing, implementing and monitoring asset/liability management strategies
and advising the Board of Directors on such strategies, as well as the related level of interest rate risk. In this regard, interest
rate risk simulation models are prepared on a quarterly basis. These models have the ability to demonstrate balance sheet gaps
and predict changes to net interest income and economic/market value of portfolio equity under various interest rate scenarios.
In addition, these models, as well as ALCO processes and reporting, are subject to annual independent third-party review. 

ALCO is generally authorized to manage interest
rate risk through the management of capital, cash flows and duration of assets and liabilities, including sales and purchases of
assets, as well as additions of wholesale borrowings and other sources of medium/longer term funding. ALCO is authorized to engage
in interest rate swaps as a means of extending the duration of shorter term liabilities. 

65   

       Index   

The following strategies are among those used
to manage interest rate risk: 

Actively market commercial and industrial
(C I) loan originations, which tend to have adjustable rate features, and which generate customer relationships that can result
in higher core deposit accounts;    

Actively market commercial mortgage loan
originations, which tend to have shorter terms and higher interest rates than residential mortgage loans, and which generate customer
relationships that can result in higher core deposit accounts;    

Manage growth in the residential mortgage
portfolio to adjustable-rate and/or shorter-term and/or  relationship  loans that result in core deposit relationships;    

Actively market core deposit relationships,
which are generally longer duration liabilities;    

Utilize medium to longer term certificates
of deposit and/or wholesale borrowings to extend liability duration;     

Utilize interest rate swaps to extend liability
duration;    

Utilize a loan level / back to back interest
rate swap program, which converts a borrower s fixed rate loan to adjustable rate for the Company;    

Closely monitor and actively manage the
investment portfolio, including management of duration, prepayment and interest rate risk;    

Maintain adequate levels of capital; and    

Utilize loan sales and/or loan participations.    

The swap program is administered by ALCO
and follows procedures and documentation in accordance with regulatory guidance and standards as set forth in ASC 815 for cash
flow hedges. The program incorporates pre-purchase analysis, liability designation, sensitivity analysis, correlation analysis,
daily mark-to-market analysis and collateral posting as required. The Board is advised of all swap activity. In all of these swaps,
the Company is receiving floating and paying fixed interest rates. 

 In addition, during the second quarter
of 2015, the Company initiated a loan level / back-to-back swap program in support of its commercial lending business. Pursuant
to this program, the Company extends a floating rate loan and executes a floating to fixed swap with the borrower. At the same
time, the Company executes with a third party swap, the terms of which fully offset the fixed exposure and result in a final floating
rate exposure for the Company. As of September 30, 2016, $70.8 million of notional value in swaps were executed and outstanding
with borrowers under this program. 

 As noted above, ALCO uses simulation
modeling to analyze the Company s net interest income sensitivity, as well as the Company s economic value of portfolio
equity under various interest rate scenarios. The model is based on the actual maturity and repricing characteristics of rate sensitive
assets and liabilities. The model incorporates certain prepayment and interest rate assumptions, which management believes to be
reasonable as of September 30, 2016. The model assumes changes in interest rates without any proactive change in the balance sheet
by management. In the model, the forecasted shape of the yield curve remains static as of September 30, 2016. 

 In an immediate and sustained 200 basis
point increase in market rates at September 30, 2016, net interest income for year 1 would increase approximately 6.2 percent,
when compared to a flat interest rate scenario. In year 2 this sensitivity improves to an increase of 9.6 percent, when compared
to a flat interest rate scenario. 

 In an immediate and sustained 100 basis
point decrease in market rates at September 30, 2016, net interest income would decline approximately 4.4 percent for year 1 and
6.3 percent for year 2, compared to a flat interest rate scenario. 

66   

       Index   

The table below shows the estimated changes
in the Company s economic value of portfolio equity ( EVPE ) that would result from an immediate parallel change
in the market interest rates at September 30, 2016. 

(1)  
      EVPE is the discounted present value of expected cash flows from assets and liabilities.   
 
      (2)  
      Present value of assets represents the discounted present value of incoming cash flows on interest-earning assets.   
 
      (3)  
      EVPE ratio represents EVPE divided by the present value of assets.   

Certain shortcomings are inherent in
the methodologies used in determining interest rate risk. Simulation modeling requires making certain assumptions that may or may
not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. In this regard, the modeling
assumes that the composition of our interest-sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remains constant
over the period being measured and assumes that a particular change in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve
regardless of the duration or repricing of specific assets and liabilities. Accordingly, although the information provides an indication
of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such measurements are not intended to and do not provide a precise
forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on our net interest income and will differ from actual results. 

 Model simulation results indicate the
Company is slightly asset sensitive, which indicates the Company s net interest income should improve slightly in a rising
rate environment. Management believes the Company s interest rate risk position is reasonable. 

67   

       Index   

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk  

There have been no material changes to information
regarding quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk from the end of the preceding fiscal year to the date of the
most recent interim financial statements (September 30, 2016). 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures  

The Corporation s Management, with the
participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Corporation s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, the Corporation s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures
are effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

The Corporation s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer have also concluded that there have not been any changes in the Corporation s internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to
materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 

The Corporation s Management, including
the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures of our internal controls will prevent all errors and
all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, provides reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. The design of a control system reflects resource constraints; the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because there are inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Corporation have been or will be detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns occur because of simple error
or mistake. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by Management
override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all future conditions;
over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud
may occur and not be detected. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

    ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings  

In the normal course of its business, lawsuits
and claims may be brought against the Company and its subsidiaries. There is no currently pending or threatened litigation or proceedings
against the Company or its subsidiaries, which asset claims that if adversely decided, we believe would have a material adverse
effect on the Company. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors  

There were no material changes in the Corporation s
risk factors during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of the Corporation s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

68   

       Index   

ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds  

There were no repurchases or unregistered sales
of the Corporation s stock during the quarter. 

ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. Other Information  

None.  

ITEM 6. Exhibits  

3  
      Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws:   

A.  
       Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended, incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2009 (File No. 001-16197).   

B.  
      By-Laws of the Registrant, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2015 (File No. 001-16197).   

10  
      Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation 2012 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (filed herewith).   

31.1  
      Certification of Douglas L. Kennedy, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a).   

31.2  
      Certification of Jeffrey J. Carfora, Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a).   

32  
      Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by Douglas L. Kennedy, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and Jeffrey J. Carfora, Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation.   

101  
      Interactive Data File   

69   

       Index   

SIGNATURES  

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION    

(Registrant)   

DATE:  November 7, 2016  
      By:  /s/ Douglas L. Kennedy   

Douglas L. Kennedy   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

DATE:  November 7, 2016  
      By:  /s/ Jeffrey J. Carfora   

Jeffrey J. Carfora   

Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

DATE:  November 7, 2016  
      By:  /s/ Francesco S. Rossi   

Francesco S. Rossi, Chief Accounting Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

70   

<EX-10>
 2
 ex10.htm
 EX-10

Exhibit 10  

PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

 2012 LONG-TERM STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

(Adopted by Directors January 19, 2012) 

 (Approved by Shareholders April  24 ,
2012) 

 ( Amended by Directors March 21, 2013,
Approved by Shareholders April 23, 2013)  

  (Amended by Directors March 20, 2014,
Approved by Shareholders April 22, 2014)  

  (Amended by Directors March 26, 2015)  

  (Amended by Directors March 16, 2016,
Approved by Shareholders April __, 2016)  

1.        Purpose .
The purpose of the Plan is to provide additional incentive to those officers and key employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
and certain members of the Board of Directors of the Company whose substantial contributions are essential to the continued growth
and success of the Company s business in order to strengthen their commitment to the Company and its Subsidiaries, to motivate
such officers, employees and Directors to faithfully and diligently perform their assigned responsibilities and to attract and
retain competent and dedicated individuals whose efforts will result in the long-term growth and profitability of the Company.
To accomplish such purposes, the Plan provides that the Company may grant Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock Options,
Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights and Cash-Based Awards.  

  2.        Definitions .
For purposes of this Plan:  

  (a)        Agreement 
means the written agreement between the Company and a Grantee evidencing the grant of an Option or Award and setting forth the
terms and conditions thereof.  

  (b)        Award 
means a grant of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, or a Cash-Based Award or any combination
of the foregoing.  

  (c)        Bank 
means Peapack-Gladstone Bank, a Subsidiary.  

  (d)        Board 
means the Board of Directors of the Company.  

 (e)        Cash-Based
Award  means any right granted under Section 10. 

  (f)        Cause 
means an intentional failure to perform stated duties, breach of a fiduciary duty involving personal dishonesty, or willful violation
of any law, rule or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final cease-and-desist order. Notwithstanding
anything else herein to the contrary, in the event that an employee or Director is terminated or removed for Cause, or resigns
at a time when Cause exists, or if, following termination, resignation or removal it is determined that Cause existed at the time
of such termination, resignation or removal, then any and all Options and Awards will automatically be terminated and void as of
the date that Cause arose, and no notice to that effect is required in order to effect that result.  

  (g)        Change
in Capitalization  means any increase, reduction, change or exchange of Shares for a different number or kind of shares or
other securities of the Company by reason of a reclassification, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, reorganization, issuance
of warrants or rights, extraordinary cash dividend, stock dividend, stock split or reverse stock split, combination or exchange
of shares, repurchase of shares, change in corporate structure or otherwise.  

71   

(h)        Change
in Control  means an event of a nature that: (1) any  person  (as the term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the Exchange Act) who is not now presently but becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 25% or more of the Company s outstanding
securities except for any securities purchased by any tax-qualified employee benefit plan of the Company; or (2) individuals who
constitute the Board on the date hereof (the  Incumbent Board ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority
thereof, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election was approved by a vote of at
least three-quarters of the directors comprising the Incumbent Board, or whose nomination for election by the Company s stockholders
was approved by the same Nominating Committee serving under an Incumbent Board, shall be, for purposes of this clause (2), considered
as though he were a member of the Incumbent Board; or (3) consummation of regulatory approval to implement a plan of reorganization,
merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Company or similar transaction in which the Company is
not the resulting entity or such plan, merger, consolidation, sale or similar transaction occurs; or (4) a proxy statement soliciting
proxies from shareholders of the Company shall be distributed by someone other than the current management of the Company, seeking
stockholder approval of a plan of reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company or similar transaction with one or more
corporations , and, following such distribution , the outstanding shares of the class of securities then subject to the plan
or transaction are exchanged for or converted into cash or property or securities not issued by the Company; or (5) a tender offer
is made for 25% or more of the voting securities of the Company.  

  (i)        Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  

  (j)        Committee 
means a committee consisting solely of two (2) or more directors who are Non-Employee Directors (as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the
Exchange Act as it may be amended from time to time) of the Company and outside directors as defined pursuant to Section 162(m)
of the Code (as it may be amended from time to time) appointed by the Board to administer the Plan and to perform the functions
set forth herein. Directors appointed by the Board to the Committee shall have the authority to act notwithstanding the failure
to be so qualified.  

  (k)        Company 
means Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation, a New Jersey corporation.  

  (l)        Director 
means a member of the Board who is not also serving as an employee of the Company.   

  (m)        Disability 
means the permanent and total inability by reason of mental or physical infirmity, or both, of an employee or Director to perform
the work customarily assigned to him. Additionally, a medical doctor selected or approved by the Board must advise the Committee
that it is either not possible to determine when such Disability will terminate or that it appears probable that such Disability
will be permanent during the remainder of the individual s lifetime.  

  (n)        Eligible
Employee  means any officer or other key employee of the Company or a Subsidiary designated by the Committee as eligible
to receive Options or Awards subject to the conditions set forth herein.   

  (o)        Escrow
Agent  means the escrow agent under the Escrow Agreement, designated by the Committee. The Bank may be appointed as the Escrow
Agent.   

  (p)        Escrow
Agreement  means an agreement between the Company, the Escrow Agent and a Grantee, in the form specified by the Committee,
under which shares of Restricted Stock awarded pursuant hereto shall be held by the Escrow Agent until either (a) the restrictions
relating to such shares expire and the shares are delivered to the Grantee or (b) the Company reacquires the shares pursuant hereto
and the shares are delivered to the Company.  

  (q)        Exchange
Act  means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  

  (r)        Fair
Market Value  means the fair market value of the Shares as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion using a method
that complies with Section 409A of the Code; provided, however, that (A) if the Shares are listed on NASDAQ, the New York Stock
Exchange or other national securities exchange, Fair Market Value on any date shall be the last sale price reported for the Shares
on such exchange on such date or on the last date preceding such date on which a sale was reported, or (B) if the Shares are then
traded in an over-the-counter market, Fair Market Value on any date shall be the mean of the high bid and low asked prices for
the Shares in such over-the-counter market for such date or on the last date preceding such date on which high bid and low asked
prices exist.  

  (s)        Grantee 
means a person to whom an Option or Award has been granted under the Plan.  

  (t)        Incentive
Stock Option  means an Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.  

  (u)        Nonqualified
Stock Option  means an Option which is not an Incentive Stock Option.  

  (v)        Option 
means an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonqualified Stock Option, or either or both of them.  

  (w)        Parent 
means any corporation in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the
Company owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of one of the other corporations
in such chain.  

  (x)        Plan 
means the Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation 2012 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan as set forth in this instrument and as it
may be amended from time to time.  

72   

(y)        Restricted
Stock  means Shares issued or transferred to an Eligible Employee or Director which  may be  subject to restrictions
as provided in Section 8 hereof.  

  (z)        Restricted
Stock Unit  means a right to receive one Share upon the satisfaction of terms and conditions as provided in Section 9 hereof,
including without limitation the satisfaction of specified performance or other criteria. Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded
and unsecured obligation of the Company, except as otherwise provided by the Committee.  

  (aa)        Retirement 
means the retirement from active employment of an employee or officer, but only if such person meets all of the following requirements:
(i) he has a minimum combined total of years of service to the Company or any Subsidiary (excluding service to any acquired company)
and age equal to eighty (80), (ii) he is age sixty-two (62) or older, and (iii) he provides six (6) months prior written notice
to the Company of the retirement. For Directors, the term  Retirement  shall mean the date on which the Director ceases
to be a member of the Board after both attaining age sixty (60) and completing at least ten (10) years of service on the Board.

(bb)        Shares  means the common stock, no par value, of the Company (including any new, additional or different stock or
securities resulting from a Change in Capitalization).  

  (cc)        Stock
Appreciation Right  means a right to receive all or some portion of the increase in the value of shares of Common Stock as
provided in Section 7 hereof.  

  (dd)        Subsidiary 
means any corporation in an unbroken chain of corporations, beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than
the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes
of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.  

  (ee)        Ten-Percent
Shareholder  means an Eligible Employee, who, at the time an Incentive Stock Option is to be granted to him, owns (within
the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code) stock possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of
all classes of stock of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary within the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code.  

  3.        Administration .  

  (a)       The
Plan shall be administered by the Committee which shall hold meetings at such times as may be necessary for the proper administration
of the Plan. The Committee shall keep minutes of its meetings. A majority of the Committee shall constitute a quorum and a majority
of a quorum may authorize any action. Each member of the Committee shall be a Non-Employee Director (as defined in Rule 16b-3 of
the Exchange Act as it may be amended from time to time) and an outside director as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code
as it may be amended from time to time. No failure to be so qualified shall invalidate any Option or Award or any action or inaction
under the Plan. No member of the Committee shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good
faith with respect to the Plan, the Options or the Awards, and all members of the Committee shall be fully indemnified by the Company
with respect to any such action, determination or interpretation.  

 Subject to the express
terms and conditions set forth herein, the Committee shall have the power from time to time: 

  (1)       to
determine those Eligible Employees to whom Options shall be granted under the Plan and the number of Incentive Stock Options and/or
Nonqualified Options to be granted to each Eligible Employee and to prescribe the terms and conditions (which need not be identical)
of each Option, including the purchase price per share of each Option;  

  (2)       to
select those Eligible Employees to whom Awards shall be granted under the Plan and to determine the number of shares of Restricted
Stock, Restricted Stock Units and/or Stock Appreciation Rights to be granted pursuant to each Award and the amount or value of
Cash-Based Awards, the terms and conditions of each Award, including the restrictions or performance criteria relating to such
shares, units or rights, the purchase price per share, if any, of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units and whether Stock
Appreciation Rights will be granted alone or in conjunction with an Option;  

  (3)       to
construe and interpret the Plan and the Options and Awards granted thereunder and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations
for the administration of the Plan, including, but not limited to, correcting any defect or supplying any omission, or reconciling
any inconsistency in the Plan or in any Agreement, in the manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or advisable to make
the Plan fully effective, and all decisions and determinations by the Committee in the exercise of this power shall be final and
binding upon the Company or a Subsidiary and Grantees;  

  (4)       to
determine the duration and purposes for leaves of absence which may be granted to a Grantee without constituting a termination
of employment or service for purposes of the Plan; and  

  (5)       generally,
to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as are deemed necessary or advisable to promote the best interests of the Company
with respect to the Plan.  

73   

Subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein, the Committee may, from time to time, recommend the grant of Options and Awards to the Directors
in such numbers and upon such terms as it deems appropriate, but all such grants must be approved by the Company s Board
of Directors. 

  4.        Stock
Subject to Plan; Individual Award Limits .  

  (a)       The
maximum number of Shares that may be issued or transferred pursuant to all Options and Awards under this Plan is 1,200,000, of
which not more than 200,000 Shares may be issued or transferred pursuant to Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock
Unit Awards and/or Stock Appreciation Rights to any one Eligible Employee  during any one calendar year. Not more than 10,000
Shares may be issued or transferred pursuant to Options and/or Awards to any Director during any one calendar year.  The maximum
number of Shares that may be issued or transferred pursuant to Incentive Stock Options shall be 200,000. Upon a Change in Capitalization
after the adoption of this Plan by the Board, the Shares shall be adjusted to the number and kind of Shares of stock or other securities
existing after such Change in Capitalization. The maximum aggregate amount of any Cash-Based Awards that may be paid to any one
Grantee in any one calendar year shall be $2 million dollars.  

  (b)       Whenever
any outstanding Option or portion thereof expires, is cancelled or is otherwise terminated (other than by exercise of the Option
or any related Stock Appreciation Right), the shares of Common Stock allocable to the unexercised portion of such Option may again
be the subject of Options and Awards hereunder.  

  (c)       Whenever
any Shares subject to an Award or Option are (i) resold to the Company, (ii) retained by the Company upon exercise of an Award
or Option in order to satisfy the exercise price for such Award or Option or any withholding or other taxes due with respect to
such Option or Award, or (iii) forfeited for any reason pursuant to the terms of the Plan, such Shares may again be the subject
of Options and Awards hereunder.   

  5.        Eligibility .
Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee (or, with respect to Directors, the Board) shall have full and final authority
to select those Eligible Employees who will receive Options and/or Awards, but no person shall receive any Options or Awards unless
he or she is an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, or a Director, at the time the Option or Award is granted.  

  6.        Stock
Options . The Committee (or, with respect to Directors, the Board) may grant Options in accordance with the Plan, the terms
and conditions of which shall be set forth in an Agreement. Each Option and Option Agreement shall be subject to the following
conditions:  

  (a)        Purchase
Price . The purchase price or the manner in which the purchase price is to be determined for Shares under each Option shall
be set forth in the Agreement, provided that the purchase price per Share under each Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than
100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share at the time the Option is granted (110% in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted
to a Ten-Percent Shareholder) and under each Nonqualified Stock Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of
a Share at the time the Option is granted. Incentive Stock Options cannot be granted to Directors.  

  (b)        Duration .
Options granted hereunder shall be for such term as the Committee shall determine, provided that (i) no Incentive Stock Option
shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date it is granted (five (5) years in the case of an Incentive
Stock Option granted to a Ten-Percent Shareholder) and (ii) no Nonqualified Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration
of ten (10) years and one (1) day from the date it is granted.   

  (c)        Non-Transferability .
No Option granted hereunder shall be transferable by the Grantee to whom granted otherwise than by will or the laws of descent
and distribution, and an Option may be exercised during the lifetime of such Grantee only by the Grantee or his guardian or legal
representative. The terms of such Option shall be binding upon the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors
of the Grantee.  

  (d)        Stock
Options; Vesting . Each Option shall be exercisable in such installments (which need not be equal) and at such times as may
be designated by the Committee or the Board as set forth in the Option Agreement. Unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, to
the extent not exercised, installments shall accumulate and be exercisable, in whole or in part, at any time after becoming exercisable,
but not later than the date the Option expires. Upon the death, Disability or Retirement of a Grantee, all Options shall become
immediately exercisable , provided, however, that the Committee shall have the authority to grant Options that do not become
immediately exercisable in the event of the death, Disability or Retirement of a Grantee by including such provision in the Option
Agreement evidencing such Option . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee (or, with respect to Directors, the Board) may
accelerate the exercisability of any Option or portion thereof at any time.  

74   

(e)        Method
of Exercise . The exercise of an Option shall be made only by a written notice delivered in person or by mail (including electronic
mail) to the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal executive office, specifying the number of Shares to be
purchased and accompanied by payment therefor, as well as for any required tax withholding, and otherwise in accordance with the
Agreement pursuant to which the Option was granted. The purchase price for any Shares purchased pursuant to the exercise of an
Option and required tax withholding shall be paid in full upon such exercise in cash, by check, or, at the discretion of the Committee
and upon such terms and conditions as the Committee shall approve, by transferring Shares to the Company or by having Shares that
would otherwise have been delivered to the Grantee upon exercise of an Option withheld by the Company. Any Shares transferred to
or withheld by the Company as payment of the purchase price or tax withholding under an Option shall be valued at their Fair Market
Value on the day preceding the date of exercise of such Option. If requested by the Committee, the Grantee shall deliver the Agreement
evidencing the Option and the Agreement evidencing any related Stock Appreciation Right to the Secretary of the Company who shall
endorse thereon a notation of such exercise and return such Agreement to the Grantee.  

  (f)        Rights
of Grantees . No Grantee shall be deemed for any purpose to be the owner of any Shares subject to any Option unless and until
(i) the Option shall have been exercised pursuant to the terms thereof, (ii) the Company shall have issued and delivered the Shares
to the Grantee, and (iii) the Grantee s name shall have been entered as a shareholder of record on the books of the Company.
Thereupon, the Grantee shall have full voting, dividend and other ownership rights with respect to such Shares.  

  (g)        Termination
of Employment . In the event that a Grantee who is not a Director ceases to be employed by the Company or any Subsidiary, any
outstanding Options held by such Grantee shall, unless the Option Agreement evidencing such Option provides otherwise, terminate
as follows:  

 (1)       If
the Grantee s termination of employment is due to his death or Disability, the Options shall become fully vested and shall
be exercisable for a period of three years following such termination of employment, and shall thereafter terminate; 

 (2)       If
the Grantee s termination of employment is by the Grantee (other than due to the Grantee s Retirement), the Option
shall terminate on the date of the termination of employment; 

 (3)       If
the termination of employment is due to the Grantee s Retirement, the Option shall become fully vested and shall be exercisable
for 90 days (three years for an Option designated initially as a Nonqualified Stock Option); and 

 (4)       If
the Grantee s termination of employment is for any other reason, the Option (to the extent exercisable at the time of the
Grantee s termination of employment) shall be exercisable for a period of ninety (90) days following such termination of
employment, and shall thereafter terminate. 

 Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Committee may provide, either at the time an Option is granted or thereafter, that the Option may be exercised after
the periods provided for in this Section 6(g), but in no event beyond the term of the Option. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Section 6(g), no Option shall be exercisable beyond the term of the Option. 

  (h)        Termination
of Service for Directors . Unless otherwise provided in the Option Agreement, upon the termination of a Director s service
as a member of the Board for any reason other than Retirement, Disability, Change in Control or death, the Director s Options
shall be exercisable only as to those Shares which were immediately exercisable by the Director at the date of termination. Unless
otherwise provided in the Option Agreement, in the event of the death, Retirement or Disability of a Director, all Options held
by the Director shall become immediately exercisable; and upon termination of the Director s service due to or within 12
months after a Change in Control, all Options held by the Director shall become immediately exercisable. Options granted to a Director
shall expire and no longer be exercisable upon the earlier of (i) one hundred twenty (120) months following the date of grant,
or (ii) three (3) years following the date on which the Director ceases to serve as a Director (for any reason other than Cause).  

  7.        Stock
Appreciation Rights . The Committee may, in its discretion, either alone or in connection with the grant of an Option, grant
Stock Appreciation Rights in accordance with the Plan, the terms and conditions of which shall be set forth in an Agreement. If
granted in connection with an Option, a Stock Appreciation Right shall cover the same shares covered by the Option (or such lesser
number of shares as the Committee may determine) and shall, except as provided in this Section 7, be subject to the same terms
and conditions as the related Option.  

  (a)        Time
of Grant . A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted:  

 (i)       at
any time if unrelated to an Option; or 

 (ii)       if
related to an Option, at the time of grant of the Option. 

  (b)        Stock
Appreciation Rights Related to an Option.   

 (1)        Payment .
A Stock Appreciation Right granted in connection with an Option shall entitle the holder thereof, upon exercise of the Stock Appreciation
Right or any portion thereof, to receive payment of an amount computed pursuant to Section 7(b)(3). 

75   

(2)        Exercise .
A Stock Appreciation Right granted in connection with an Option shall be exercisable at such time or times and only to the extent
that the related Option is exercisable, and will not be transferable except to the extent the related Option may be transferable.
A Stock Appreciation Right granted in connection with an Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable only if the Fair Market Value
of a Share on the date of exercise exceeds the purchase price specified in the related Incentive Stock Option. 

 (3)        Amount
Payable . Upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right related to an Option, the Grantee shall be entitled to receive an
amount determined by multiplying (A) the excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise of such Stock Appreciation
Right over the per Share purchase price under the related Option, by (B) the number of Shares as to which such Stock Appreciation
Right is being exercised. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may limit in any manner the amount payable with respect
to any Stock Appreciation Right by including such a limit in the Agreement evidencing the Stock Appreciation Right at the time
it is granted. 

 (4)        Treatment
of Related Options and Stock Appreciation Rights Upon Exercise . Except as provided in Section 7(b)(5), (A) upon the exercise
of a Stock Appreciation Right granted in connection with an Option, the Option shall be cancelled to the extent of the number of
Shares as to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised and (B) upon the exercise of an Option granted in connection with
a Stock Appreciation Right, the Stock Appreciation Right shall be cancelled to the extent of the number of Shares as to which the
Option is exercised. 

 (5)        Simultaneous
Exercise of Stock Appreciation Right and Option . The Committee may provide, either at the time a Stock Appreciation Right is
granted in connection with a Nonqualified Stock Option or thereafter during the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, that upon
exercise of such Option, the Stock Appreciation Right shall automatically be deemed to be exercised to the extent of the number
of Shares as to which the Option is exercised. In such event, the Grantee shall be entitled to receive the amount described in
Section 7(b)(3) (or some percentage of such amount if so provided in the Agreement evidencing the Stock Appreciation Right), in
addition to the Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of the Option. The inclusion in an Agreement evidencing a Stock Appreciation
Right of a provision described in this Section 7(b)(5) may be in addition to and not in lieu of the right to exercise the Stock
Appreciation Right as otherwise provided herein and in the Agreement. 

  (c)        Stock
Appreciation Rights Unrelated to an Option . The Committee may grant to Eligible Employees (and the Board may grant to Directors)
Stock Appreciation Rights unrelated to Options. Stock Appreciation Rights unrelated to Options shall contain such terms and conditions
as to exercisability, vesting and duration as the Committee or the Board shall determine, but in no event shall they have a term
of greater than ten (10) years. Upon the death, Disability or Retirement of a Grantee, all Stock Appreciation Rights shall become
immediately  exercisable provided, however, that the Committee or Board shall have the authority to grant Stock Appreciation
Rights that do not become immediately exercisable in the event of the death, Disability or Retirement of a Grantee by including
such provision in the Agreement evidencing such Stock Appreciation Right . Unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, upon
the death or Disability of a Grantee,  the exercisable portion of  Stock Appreciation Rights held by that Grantee shall be
exercisable for a period of one (1) year following such termination of employment or service, and shall thereafter terminate; and
upon the Retirement of a Grantee, the  exercisable portion of  Stock Appreciation Rights held by that Grantee shall be exercisable
for a period of ninety (90) days following such Retirement, and shall thereafter terminate. The amount payable upon exercise of
such Stock Appreciation Rights shall be determined in accordance with Section 7(b)(3), except that  Fair Market Value of
a Share on the date of the grant of the Stock Appreciation Right  shall be substituted for  purchase price under the
related Option.   

  (d)        Method
of Exercise . Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercised by a Grantee only by a written notice delivered in person or by mail
to the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal executive office, specifying the number of Shares with respect
to which the Stock Appreciation Right is being exercised. If requested by the Committee, the Grantee shall deliver the Agreement
evidencing the Stock Appreciation Right being exercised and the Agreement evidencing any related Option to the Secretary of the
Company who shall endorse thereon a notation of such exercise and return such Agreements to the Grantee.  

  (e)        Form
of Payment . Payment of the amount determined under Sections 7(b)(3) or 7(c), may be made solely in whole shares of Common Stock
in a number determined at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right or, alternatively, at
the sole discretion of the Committee, solely in cash, or in a combination of cash and Shares as the Committee deems advisable.
If the Committee decides to make full payment in Shares, and the amount payable results in a fractional Share, payment for the
fractional Share will be made in cash.   

  8.        Restricted
Stock . The Committee (or, with respect to Directors, the Board) may grant Awards of Restricted Stock which shall be evidenced
by an Agreement between the Company and the Grantee. Each Agreement shall contain such restrictions, terms and conditions as the
Committee or Board may require and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) such Agreements may require that an appropriate
legend be placed on Share certificates. Awards of Restricted Stock shall be subject to the following terms and provisions:  

  (a)        Rights
of Grantee . Shares of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to an Award hereunder shall be issued in the name of the Grantee as
soon as reasonably practicable after the Award is granted and the purchase price, if any, is paid by the Grantee; provided, that
the Grantee has executed an Agreement evidencing the Award, an Escrow Agreement, appropriate blank stock powers and any other documents
which the Committee, in its absolute discretion, may require as a condition to the issuance of such Shares. If a Grantee shall
fail to execute the Agreement evidencing a Restricted Stock Award, an Escrow Agreement or appropriate blank stock powers or shall
fail to pay the purchase price, if any, for the Restricted Stock, the Award shall be null and void. Shares issued in connection
with a Restricted Stock Award, together with the stock powers, shall be deposited with the Escrow Agent. Except as restricted by
the terms of the Agreement, upon the delivery of the Shares to the Escrow Agent, the Grantee shall have all of the rights of a
shareholder with respect to such Shares, including the right to vote the shares and to receive, subject to Section 8(d), all dividends
or other distributions paid or made with respect to the Shares.  

76   

(b)        Non-Transferability .
Until any restrictions upon the Shares of Restricted Stock awarded to a Grantee shall have lapsed in the manner set forth in Section
8(c), such Shares shall not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of and shall not be pledged or otherwise hypothecated, nor
shall they be delivered to the Grantee. Upon the termination of employment of the Grantee, all of such Shares with respect to which
restrictions have not lapsed shall be resold by the Grantee to the Company at the same price paid by the Grantee for such Shares
or shall be forfeited and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company if no purchase price
had been paid for such Shares. The Committee may also impose such other restrictions and conditions on the Shares as it deems appropriate.  

  (c)        Lapse
of Restrictions .  

 (1)       Restrictions ,
if any,  upon Shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall lapse at such time or times and on such terms, conditions and
satisfaction of performance criteria as the Committee (or, when applicable, the Board) may determine;  provided, however ,
that the restrictions upon such Shares shall lapse only if the Grantee on the date of such lapse is then and has continuously been
an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary (or a member of the Board) from the date the Award was granted, or unless the Committee
sets a later date for the lapse of such restrictions. 

 (2)       In
the event of termination of employment (or termination of service as a Director) as a result of death, Disability or Retirement
of a Grantee, all restrictions upon Shares of Restricted Stock awarded to such Grantee shall thereupon immediately lapse , provided,
however, that the Committee or Board shall have the authority to grant Awards the restrictions on which do not lapse in the event
of the termination of employment or service as a result of the death, Disability or Retirement of a Grantee by including such provision
in the Agreement evidencing such Award.  

 (3)       The
Committee or Board may also decide at any time in its absolute discretion and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate,
to remove or modify the restrictions upon Shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder. 

  (d)        Treatment
of Cash Dividends . At the time of an Award of Shares of Restricted Stock, the Committee may, in its discretion, determine that
the payment to the Grantee of cash dividends, or a specified portion thereof, declared or paid on Shares of Restricted Stock by
the Company, shall be deferred until the earlier to occur of (i) the lapsing of the restrictions,  if any,  imposed upon such
Shares, in which case such cash dividends shall be paid over to the Grantee, or (ii) the forfeiture of such Shares under Section
8(b) hereof, in which case such cash dividends shall be forfeited to the Company, and such dividends shall be held by the Company
for the account of the Grantee until such time. In the event of such deferral, interest may be credited on the amount of any such
cash dividends held by the Company for the account of the Grantee from time to time at such rate per annum as the Committee, in
its discretion, may determine. Payment of deferred cash dividends, together with any interest accrued thereon as aforesaid, shall
be made upon the earlier to occur of the events specified in (i) and (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence, in the manner
specified therein.  

  (e)        Delivery
of Shares . When any restrictions imposed hereunder and in the Plan expire or have been cancelled with respect to one or more
shares of Restricted Stock, the Company shall notify the Grantee and the Escrow Agent of same. The Escrow Agent shall then return
the certificate covering the Shares of Restricted Stock to the Company and upon receipt of such certificate the Company shall deliver
to the Grantee (or such Grantee s legal representative, beneficiary or heir) a certificate for a number of shares of Common
Stock, without any legend or restrictions (except those required by any federal or state securities laws), equivalent to the number
of Shares of Restricted Stock for which restrictions have been cancelled or have expired (or alternatively, an applicable book
entry shall be made for uncertificated Shares). If applicable, a new certificate covering Shares of Restricted Stock previously
awarded to the Grantee which remain restricted shall be issued to the Grantee and held by the Escrow Agent and the Agreement, as
it relates to such shares, shall remain in effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if requested by the Grantee, the Committee or
the Board, in its discretion, has the right to cancel Shares of Restricted Stock to be delivered to the Grantee having a Fair Market
Value, on the day preceding the date of vesting of the Restricted Stock, equal to the aggregate required tax withholding in connection
with such vesting, and to apply the value of such Shares of Restricted Stock as payment for the Grantee s aggregate required
tax withholding for the vesting of any Shares of Restricted Stock.  

  (f)       Unrestricted
Shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan, the Committee shall have the right to grant Awards of Restricted
Stock to employees of the Company that are not evidenced by an Agreement, which are fully vested as of the grant date of the Award
and which do not contain a restrictive legend. The amount of any aggregate Awards under this Section 8(f) shall not exceed 10,000
shares and any individual Award under this Section 8(f) shall not exceed 5 shares.   

77   

9.        Restricted
Stock Units . The Committee (or, with respect to Directors, the Board) may grant Awards of Restricted Stock Units which shall
be evidenced by an Agreement between the Company and the Grantee. Each Agreement shall contain such restrictions, terms and conditions
as the Committee or Board may require. Awards of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the following terms and provisions:  

  (a)         Rights
of Grantee . Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to an Award hereunder shall be issued in the name of the Grantee as soon
as reasonably practicable after the Award is granted and the purchase price, if any, is paid by the Grantee, provided that the
Grantee has executed an Agreement evidencing the Award and any other documents which the Committee, in its absolute discretion,
may require as a condition to the issuance of such Restricted Stock Units. If a Grantee shall fail to execute the Agreement evidencing
a Restricted Stock Unit Award or shall fail to pay the purchase price, if any, for the Restricted Stock Units, the Award shall
be null and void. The Grantee shall not have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to Restricted Stock Units, subject
to Section 9(d). 

  (b)         Non-Transferability .
Until any restrictions upon the Restricted Stock Units awarded to a Grantee shall have lapsed in the manner set forth in Section
9(c), such Restricted Stock Units shall not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of and shall not be pledged or otherwise
hypothecated. Upon the termination of employment of the Grantee, all of such Restricted Stock Units with respect to which restrictions
have not lapsed shall be forfeited at no cost to the Company if no purchase price had been paid for such Restricted Stock Units.
The Committee may also impose such other restrictions and conditions on the Restricted Stock Units as it deems appropriate. 

  (c)         Lapse
of Restrictions . 

  (1)        Restrictions
upon Restricted Stock Units awarded hereunder shall lapse at such time or times and on such terms, conditions and satisfaction
of performance criteria as the Committee (or, when applicable, the Board) may determine; provided, however, that the restrictions
upon such Restricted Stock Units shall lapse only if the Grantee on the date of such lapse is then and has continuously been an
employee of the Company or a Subsidiary (or a member of the Board) from the date the Award was granted, or unless the Committee
sets a later date for the lapse of such restrictions. 

  (2)        In
the event of termination of employment (or termination of service as a Director) as a result of death, Disability or Retirement
of a Grantee, all restrictions upon Restricted Stock Units awarded to such Grantee shall thereupon immediately lapse,  provided,
however, that the Committee or Board shall have the authority to grant Awards of Restricted Stock Units the restrictions on which
do not lapse in the event of the termination of employment or service as a result of the death, Disability or Retirement of a Grantee
by including such provision in the Agreement evidencing such Award.   

(3)          The
Committee or Board may also decide at any time in its absolute discretion and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate,
to remove or modify the restrictions upon Restricted Stock Units awarded hereunder. 

(d)         Treatment
of Cash Dividends . At the time of an Award of Restricted Stock Units, the Committee may, in its discretion, determine to provide
the Grantee with the right to receive cash Dividend Equivalents with respect to the Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award,
or a specified portion thereof. A  Dividend Equivalent  is an amount equal to the cash dividend payable per Share,
if any, multiplied by the number of Shares then underlying the Award with respect to any cash dividends declared or paid by the
Company while the Award is outstanding. Any such Dividend Equivalents shall be credited to the Grantee at the time the Company
pays any cash dividend on its Shares. Until such time as the Dividend Equivalents vest or are forfeited, interest may be credited
on the amount of such Dividend Equivalents held by the Company for the account of the Grantee from time to time at such rate per
annum as the Committee, in its discretion, may determine. Any Dividend Equivalents credited to the Grantee shall vest at the same
time as the underlying Restricted Stock Units, and payment of credited Dividend Equivalents, together with any interest accrued
thereon, shall be made at the time when the underlying Restricted Stock Units convert to Shares. In the event any Restricted Stock
Units are forfeited under Section 9(c) hereof, any Dividend Equivalents credited to Grantee with respect to such forfeited Restricted
Stock Units and any interest accrued thereon shall be forfeited to the Company, and the Grantee shall have no rights and the Company
shall have no liability as to such Dividend Equivalents or interest. 

78   

(e)         Delivery
of Shares . When the restrictions imposed hereunder and in the Plan expire or have been cancelled with respect to one or more
of the Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan, the Company shall notify the Grantee of same. The Company shall then deliver
to the Grantee (or such Grantee s legal representative, beneficiary or heir) a certificate for a number of Shares, without
any legend or restrictions (except those required by any federal or state securities laws), equivalent to the number of Restricted
Stock Units for which restrictions have been cancelled or have expired (or alternatively, an applicable book entry shall be made
for uncertificated Shares). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if requested by the Grantee, the Committee or the Board, in its discretion,
has the right to cancel Shares to be delivered to the Grantee having a Fair Market Value, on the day preceding the date of vesting
of the Restricted Stock Units, equal to the aggregate required tax withholding in connection with such vesting, and to apply the
value of such Shares as payment for the Grantee s aggregate required tax withholding for the vesting of any Restricted Stock
Units. 

  (f)         Compliance
with Section 409A of the Code . Restricted Stock Units are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and provisions
of the Plan and Awards shall be interpreted in a manner intended to be consistent with Section 409A. 

  10.         Cash-Based
Awards . The Committee is hereby authorized to grant Cash-Based Awards to Grantees denominated in cash in such amounts and subject
to such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine. Each such Cash-Based Award shall specify a payment amount, payment
range or a value determined with respect to the Fair Market Value of the Shares, as determined by the Committee. The Committee
may designate Cash-Based Awards as  performance-based compensation  under Code Section 162(m) by conditioning the Award
or the lapse of restrictions on the achievement of performance goals in accordance with Section 11(a) and by administering the
Award to otherwise comply with the requirements of Section 11 and Code Section 162(m). The Committee is authorized at any time
during or after a Performance Period to exercise negative discretion to reduce or eliminate a Cash-Based Award of any Grantee for
any reason in its discretion, including, without limitation, changes in the position or duties of any Grantee with the Company
or any Subsidiary during or after a Performance Period, whether due to any termination of employment (including death, disability,
retirement, voluntary termination or termination with or without cause) or otherwise. 

  11.        Performance
Goals   

(a)       If,
at the time of grant, the Committee intends a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award or Cash-Based Award to qualify
as  other performance based compensation  within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), the Committee must establish
performance goals for the applicable Performance Period no later than 90 days after the Performance Period begins (or by such
other date as may be required under Code Section 162(m)). Such performance goals must be based on one or more of the criteria
described in Section 11(b).  Performance Period  means the period selected by the Committee during which performance
is measured for purpose of determining the extent to which an award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or a Cash-Based
Award has been earned. 

 (b)       A
performance goal described in Section 11(a) shall be based on one or more of the following criteria: earnings, earnings growth,
earnings per share, stock price (including growth measures and total shareholder return), improvement of financial ratings, internal
rate of return, market share, cash flow, operating income, operating margin, net profit after tax, earnings before or after deduction
for all or any portion of interest, taxes, depreciation, or amortization, whether or not on a continuing operations or an aggregate
or per share basis, gross profit, operating profit, cash generation, revenues, asset quality, return on equity, return on assets,
return on operating assets, cost saving levels, efficiency ratio, net income, marketing-spending efficiency, core non-interest
income, change in working capital, return on capital, book value or tangible book value, or shareholder return. The performance
goals may be described in terms of objectives that are related to the individual Grantee or objectives that are Company-wide or
related to a Subsidiary, division, department, region, branch, function or business unit and may, but need not be, measured on
an absolute or cumulative basis or on the basis of percentage of improvement over time, measured in terms of Company performance
(or performance of the applicable Subsidiary, division, department, region, branch, function or business unit) or measured relative
to selected peer companies or a market index. Any performance goals that are financial metrics, may be determined in accordance
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ), or may be adjusted when established to include or exclude any
items otherwise includable or excludable under GAAP. For any Award not intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 162(m),
the Committee may establish performance goals based on any other performance criteria it deems appropriate. These performance goals
are subject to approval by shareholders at the Company s 2016 annual meeting, and once approved, should be submitted for
re-approval by the Company s shareholders no later than the 2021 annual shareholder meeting, and thereafter, once every five
years. 

79   

(c)       When
the Committee determines whether a performance goal has been satisfied for any period, the Committee may include or exclude unusual,
infrequently occurring or non-recurring charges, asset write downs, losses from discontinued operations, restatements and accounting
changes and other unplanned special charges such as restructuring expenses, acquisitions, acquisition or disposition expenses,
including expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets, stock offerings, stock repurchases and loan loss provisions;
provided that in the case of an Award intended to qualify for the exemption from the limitation on deductibility imposed by Code
Section 162(m), such inclusion or exclusion shall be made in compliance with Code Section 162(m). 

 (d)       If
the Committee determines that a performance goal has been satisfied and the satisfaction of such goal was intended to meet the
requirements of Code Section 162(m), the Committee shall certify that the goal has been satisfied in accordance with the requirements
set forth under Code Section 162(m). 

  12.        Effect
of a Change in Control . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (with the exception of Sec. 6(h)), the provisions of
this Section 12 shall apply in the case of a Change in Control of the Company, unless otherwise provided by the Committee in the
Agreement and as supplemented by Section 14.  

  (a)         Awards
Assumed or Substituted by Surviving Entity . With respect to Options and Awards assumed by the surviving entity or otherwise
equitably converted or substituted in connection with a Change in Control: if within two years after the effective date of the
Change in Control, a Grantee s employment is terminated without Cause or the Grantee resigns for Good Reason, then (i) all
of the Grantee s outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall become fully vested and exercisable and shall remain
exercisable for three years following such termination, provided no Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable beyond
the term of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, (ii) all time-based vesting restrictions on his or her outstanding Awards
shall lapse, and (iii) unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, the payout level under all of the Grantee s performance-based
that were outstanding immediately prior to effective time of the Change in Control shall be determined and deemed to have been
earned as of the date of termination based upon an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the target level,
or at a level in excess of target in the Committee s discretion, and there shall be a pro rata payout to such Grantee within
sixty (60) days following the date of termination of employment based upon the length of time within the performance period that
has elapsed prior to the date of termination of employment. With regard to each Award or Option, a Grantee shall not be considered
to have resigned for Good Reason unless either (i) the Agreement provides for a Good Reason termination or (ii) the Grantee is
party to an employment, severance or similar agreement with the Company or a Subsidiary that includes provisions in which the
Grantee is permitted to resign for Good Reason. To the extent that this provision causes Incentive Stock Options to no longer
satisfy the requirements of Code Section 422, the affected Options shall be deemed to be Nonqualified Stock Options. 

(b)         Awards
not Assumed or Substituted by Surviving Entity . Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, and except with respect to any
Options or Awards assumed by the surviving entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with the Change
in Control: (i) outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall become fully vested and exercisable, (ii) time-based vesting
restrictions on outstanding Awards shall lapse, and (iii) unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, the target payout opportunities
attainable under outstanding performance-based Awards shall be deemed to have been earned as of the effective date of the Change
in Control based upon an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the target level, or at a level in excess of
target in the Committee s discretion, and there shall be a pro rata payout to Grantees within sixty (60) days following the
Change in Control based upon the length of time within the performance period that has elapsed prior to the Change in Control.
To the extent that this provision causes Incentive Stock Options to no longer satisfy the requirements of Code Section 422, the
affected Options shall be deemed to be Nonqualified Stock Options. 

80   

(c)         Definitions . 

(1)        A
surviving entity will be deemed to have  assumed by the surviving entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted 
an Award or Option under this Plan if the surviving entity substitutes an Award or Option under this Plan or an award or stock
option under a plan of the surviving entity having equivalent value to and terms and conditions no less favorable than the original
Award or Option, or otherwise assumes the obligations under and/or equitably adjusts such original Award or Option. The Committee
or the Board shall have sole authority to determine whether the proposed assumption of an Award or Option by a surviving entity
meets the requirements listed in this Section 12(c)(1). 

(2)         Good
Reason  (or a similar term denoting constructive termination) has the meaning, if any, assigned such term in the employment,
severance or similar agreement, if any, between a Grantee and the Company or a Subsidiary; provided, however, if there is no such
employment, severance or similar agreement in which such term is defined,  Good Reason  shall have the meaning, if
any, given such term in the applicable Agreement. If not defined in either such document, the term  Good Reason  as
used herein shall not apply to a particular Award. 

13.        Adjustment
Upon Changes in Capitalization.   

  (a)       In
the event of a Change in Capitalization, the Committee shall conclusively determine the appropriate adjustments, if any, to the
maximum number and class of shares of stock with respect to which Options or Awards may be granted under the Plan, the number and
class of shares as to which Options or Awards have been granted under the Plan, and the purchase price therefor, if applicable.  

  (b)       Any
such adjustment in the Shares or other securities subject to outstanding Incentive Stock Options (including any adjustments in
the purchase price) shall be made in such manner as not to constitute a modification as defined by Section 424(h)(3) of the Code
and only to the extent otherwise permitted by Sections 422 and 424 of the Code.  

  (c)       If,
by reason of a Change in Capitalization, a Grantee of an Award shall be entitled to new, additional or different shares of stock
or securities, such new additional or different shares shall thereupon be subject to all of the conditions, restrictions and performance
criteria which were applicable to the Shares or units pursuant to the Award prior to such Change in Capitalization.  

14.        Effect
of Certain Transactions . Upon the occurrence or in anticipation of any corporate event or transaction involving the Company
(including, without limitation, any merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, combination or exchange of shares,
liquidation or dissolution, sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or any Change in Capitalization),
the Committee may, in its sole discretion, notwithstanding Section 12 hereunder, provide (i) that Options or Awards will be settled
in cash rather than stock or in unrestricted shares of stock of the surviving entity, (ii) that Options or Awards will become immediately
vested and non-forfeitable and exercisable (in whole or in part) and will be cancelled after a designated period of time to the
extent not then exercised, (iii) that Options or Awards will be assumed by another party to a transaction or otherwise be equitably
converted or substituted in connection with such transaction, (iv) that outstanding Options or Awards may be settled by payment
in cash or cash equivalents equal to the excess of the fair market value of the underlying stock, as of a specified date associated
with the transaction (or the per share transaction price), over the exercise or base price of the Option or Award and those Options
or Awards not eligible for payment shall be cancelled, (v) that performance targets and performance periods for performance-based
Awards and Options will be modified, consistent with Code Section 162(m) where applicable, or (vi) any combination of the foregoing.
The Committee s determination need not be uniform and may be different for different Grantees whether or not such Grantees
are similarly situated.  

15.        Termination
and Amendment of the Plan . The Plan shall terminate on the day preceding the tenth anniversary of its effective date and no
Option or Award may be granted thereafter. The Board may sooner terminate or amend the Plan at any time, and from time to time;
 provided, however , that, except as provided in Sections 13 and 14 hereof, no amendment shall be effective unless approved
by the shareholders of the Company in accordance with applicable law and regulations at an annual or special meeting held within
twelve months before or after the date of adoption of such amendment, where approval of such amendment is required under applicable
laws, policies or regulations or applicable listing or other requirements of the national securities exchange upon which the Shares
are then listed, including amendments that will:  

  (a)       increase
the number of Shares as to which Options or Awards may be granted under the Plan;   

  (b)       change
the class of persons eligible to participate in the Plan; or  

81   

(c)       materially
extend the term of the Plan.  

 Except as otherwise
provided herein, rights and obligations under any Option or Award granted before any amendment of the Plan shall not be altered
or impaired by such amendment, except with the consent of the Grantee. 

  16.        Non-Exclusivity
of the Plan . The adoption of the Plan by the Board shall not be construed as amending, modifying or rescinding any previously
approved incentive arrangement or as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements
as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock options otherwise than under the Plan, and such
arrangements may be either applicable generally or only in specific cases.  

  17.        Limitation
of Liability . As illustrative of the limitations of liability of the Company, but not intended to be exhaustive thereof, nothing
in the Plan shall be construed to:  

  (a)       give
any person any right to be granted an Option or Award other than at the sole discretion of the Committee or the Board;  

  (b)       give
any person any rights whatsoever with respect to Shares except as specifically provided in the Plan;  

  (c)       limit
in any way the right of the Company to terminate the employment or service of any person at any time; or  

  (d)       be
evidence of any agreement or understanding, expressed or implied, that the Company will employ any person in any particular position
at any particular rate of compensation or for any particular period of time.  

  18.        Regulations
and Other Approvals; Governing Law.   

  (a)       This
Plan and the rights of all persons claiming hereunder shall be construed and determined in accordance with the laws of the State
of New Jersey without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof, except to the extent that such law is preempted by
federal law.  

  (b)       The
obligation of the Company to sell or deliver Shares with respect to Options and Awards granted under the Plan shall be subject
to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including all applicable federal and state securities laws, and the obtaining of
all such approvals by governmental agencies as may be deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee.  

  (c)       The
Plan is intended to comply with Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and Section 162(m) of the Code (each as amended from
time to time) and the Committee shall interpret and administer the provisions of the Plan or any Agreement in a manner consistent
therewith to the extent necessary. Any provisions inconsistent with such Rule or Section shall be inoperative but shall not affect
the validity of the Plan or any grants thereunder.  

  (d)       Except
as otherwise provided in Section 15, the Board may make such changes as may be necessary or appropriate to comply with the rules
and regulations of any government authority or to obtain for Eligible Employees granted Incentive Stock Options the tax benefits
under the applicable provisions of the Code and regulations promulgated thereunder.  

  (e)       Each
Option and Award is subject to the requirement that, if at any time the Committee determines, in its absolute discretion, that
the listing, registration or qualification of Shares issuable pursuant to the Plan is required by any securities exchange or under
any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body is necessary or desirable as a condition
of, or in connection with, the grant of an Option or Award or the issuance of Shares, no Options or Awards shall be granted or
payment made or Shares issued, in whole or in part, unless listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval has been effected
or obtained free of any conditions unacceptable to the Committee.  

  (f)       In
the event that the disposition of Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan is not covered by a then current registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and is not otherwise exempt from such registration, such Shares shall be restricted
against transfer to the extent required by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or regulations thereunder, and the Committee
may require any individual receiving Shares pursuant to the Plan, as a condition precedent to receipt of such Shares (including
upon exercise of an Option), to represent to the Company in writing that the Shares acquired by such individual are acquired for
investment only and not with a view to distribution.  

  19.        Miscellaneous.   

  (a)        Multiple
Agreements . The terms of each Option or Award may differ from other Options or Awards granted under the Plan at the same time,
or at some other time. The Committee may also grant more than one Option or Award to a given Eligible Employee during the term
of the Plan, either in addition to, or in substitution for, one or more Options or Awards previously granted to that Eligible Employee.
The grant of multiple Options and/or Awards may be evidenced by a single Agreement or multiple Agreements, as determined by the
Committee.  

82   

(b)        Withholding
of Taxes . The Company shall have the right to deduct from any distribution of cash to any Grantee an amount equal to the federal,
state and local income taxes and other amounts required by law to be withheld with respect to any Option or Award. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if a Grantee is entitled to receive Shares upon exercise of an Option or pursuant to
an Award, the Company shall have the right to require such Grantee, prior to the delivery of such Shares, to pay to the Company
the amount of any federal, state or local income taxes and other amounts which the Company is required by law to withhold. A Grantee
who is an Eligible Employee may be permitted, in the Committee s discretion, to satisfy any amounts required to be withheld
by the Company under applicable federal, state and local tax laws in effect from time to time, by electing to have the Company
withhold a portion of the Shares to be delivered for the payment of such taxes. The Agreement evidencing any Incentive Stock Options
granted under this Plan shall provide that if the Grantee makes a disposition, within the meaning of Section 424(c) of the Code
and regulations promulgated thereunder, of any Share or Shares issued to him or her pursuant to his or her exercise of the Incentive
Stock Option within the two-year period commencing on the day after the date of grant of such Option or within the one-year period
commencing on the day after the date of transfer of the Share or Shares to the Grantee pursuant to the exercise of such Option,
he or she shall, within ten (10) days of such disposition, notify the Company thereof.  

  (c)        Designation
of Beneficiary . Each Grantee may, with the consent of the Committee, designate a person or persons to receive in the event
of his/her death, any Option or Award or any amount payable pursuant thereto, to which he/she would then be entitled. Such designation
will be made upon forms supplied by and delivered to the Company and may be revoked in writing. If a Grantee fails effectively
to designate a beneficiary, then his/her estate will be deemed to be the beneficiary.  

  (d)        Section
409A Compliance . The Plan is intended to be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with the requirements, where
applicable, of Section 409A of the Code. Where reasonably possible and practicable, the Plan shall be administered in a manner
to avoid the imposition on Grantees in the Plan of immediate tax recognition and additional taxes pursuant to Section 409A. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, neither the Company, the Board nor the Committee shall have any liability to any person in the event Section 409A
applies to any such Award or Option in a manner that results in adverse tax consequences for the Grantee or any of his/her beneficiaries
or transferees.   

  (e)         Recoupment .
To the extent required by applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Section 954
of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) and/or the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or
inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares are listed or quoted, or if so required pursuant to a written policy adopted
by the Company, Options and Awards shall be subject (including on a retroactive basis) to clawback, forfeiture or similar requirements. 

20.        Effective
Date . The effective date of the Plan shall be the date of its adoption by the Board, subject only to the approval by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present to be held within twelve (12) months
of such adoption. No Options or Awards shall vest hereunder unless such shareholder approval is obtained.  

83   

</EX-10>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Douglas L. Kennedy, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves Management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 7, 2016  
      By:  /s/ Douglas L. Kennedy   

Name:  Douglas L. Kennedy   

Title:     President
        and Chief Executive Officer 

84   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Jeffrey J. Carfora, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
     
         The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:    

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
     
         Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
        Management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 7, 2016  
      By:  /s/ Jeffrey J. Carfora   

Name:  Jeffrey J. Carfora   

Title:    Senior Executive Vice President,   

Chief Financial Officer   

85   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex32.htm
 EX-32

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation (the  Corporation ), for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Douglas L. Kennedy, as Chief
Executive Officer of the Corporation, and Jeffrey J. Carfora, as Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, each hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. (section) 1350, as adopted pursuant to (section) 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best
of his knowledge: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation.   

/s/ Douglas L. Kennedy   
 
      Name:  Douglas L. Kennedy   
 
      Title:     President and Chief Executive Officer   
 
      Date:    November 7, 2016   

/s/ Jeffrey J. Carfora   
 
      Name:  Jeffrey J. Carfora   
 
      Title:     Senior Executive Vice President   

Chief Financial Officer   
 
      Date:    November 7, 2016   

86   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 pgc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 pgc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pgc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pgc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 pgc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 pgc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

