<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1028954_0001028954-16-000021_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12456280</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119399</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>504602</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4740863</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5435745</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1415662</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001028954-16-000021.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110164030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001028954-16-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUSSEX BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001028954
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				223475473
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12569
		FILM NUMBER:		161988634

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		399 RTE 23
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07416
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9738272914

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		399 RTE 23
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07416

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001028954-16-000021.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 sbbx-q3201610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D. C.  20549 
  ___________________ 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
    
   For the transition period from ___________to ________ 
    
  Commission File Number 0-29030 
    
  SUSSEX BANCORP 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    
    
                 New Jersey 
    22-3475473 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(844) 256-7328 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   
  Yes   x       No   
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  Yes   x       No   
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                     Large accelerated filer   
    Accelerated filer   
    Non-accelerated filer   
    Smaller reporting company   x 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).         
  Yes       No   x 
    
  As of   November 3, 2016   there were 4,741,720 shares of common stock, no par value, outstanding. 

SUSSEX BANCORP 
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  INDEX 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
    i 
       PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    1 
       Item 1 - Financial Statements  
    1 
       Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    30 
       Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    42 
       Item 4 - Controls and Procedures  
    42 
       PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
    43 
       Item 1 - Legal Proceedings  
    43 
       Item 1A - Risk Factors  
    43 
       Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    43 
       Item 3 - Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    43 
       Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures  
    43 
       Item 5 - Other Information  
    43 
       Item 6 - Exhibits  
    43 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  We may, from time to time, make written or oral  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), our reports to shareholders and in other communications by us. This Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  which may be identified by the use of such words as  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   should,   planned,   estimated  and  potential.   Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, estimates with respect to our financial condition, results of operation and business that are subject to various factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from these estimates.  These factors include, but are not limited to: 
             
    changes in the interest rate environment that reduce margins; 
                
    changes in the regulatory environment; 
                
    the highly competitive industry and market area in which we operate; 
                
    general economic conditions, either nationally or regionally, resulting in, among other things, a deterioration in credit quality; 
                
    changes in business conditions and inflation; 
                
    changes in credit market conditions; 
                
    changes in the securities markets which affect investment management revenues; 
                
    increases in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) deposit insurance premiums and assessments could adversely affect our financial condition; 
                
    changes in technology used in the banking business; 
                
    the soundness of other financial services institutions which may adversely affect our credit risk; 
                
    our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented; 
                
    new lines of business or new products and services which may subject us to additional risks; 
                
    changes in key management personnel which may adversely impact our operations; 
                
    the effect on our operations of recent legislative and regulatory initiatives that were or may be enacted in response to the ongoing financial crisis; 
                
    severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events which could significantly impact our business; and 
                
    other factors detailed from time to time in our filings with the SEC. 
       
  Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in these forward-looking statements.  You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.  We do not undertake any obligation to republish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  
  
   i 

PART I       FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1       Financial Statements 
   
  SUSSEX BANCORP 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   1 

SUSSEX BANCORP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2 

SUSSEX BANCORP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and   2015    

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

3 

SUSSEX BANCORP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements     
  
   4 

NOTE 1     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Sussex Bancorp ( we,   us,   our  or the  company ) and our wholly owned subsidiary Sussex Bank (the  Bank ).  The Bank s wholly owned subsidiaries are SCB Investment Company, Inc., SCBNY Company, Inc., ClassicLake Enterprises, LLC, Wheatsworth Properties Corp., PPD Holding Company, LLC, and Tri-State Insurance Agency, Inc. ( Tri-State ), a full service insurance agency located in Sussex County, New Jersey with a satellite office located in Bergen County, New Jersey.  Tri-State s operations are considered a separate segment for financial disclosure purposes.  All inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  The Bank operates   eleven   banking offices,   eight   located in Sussex County, New Jersey,   one   located in Bergen County, New Jersey,   one   located in Warren County, New Jersey, and   one   in Queens County, New York. 
    
  We are subject to the supervision and regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  FRB ).  The Bank s deposits are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) of the FDIC up to applicable limits.  The operations of the company and the Bank are subject to the supervision and regulation of the FRB, the FDIC and the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance (the  Department ) and the operations of Tri-State are subject to supervision and regulation by the Department. 
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for full year financial statements.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included and are of a normal, recurring nature.  Operating results for the three and nine month periods ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  .  These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto that are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .   
    
  New Accounting Standards 
  In May 2014, Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . The ASU s core principle is built on the contract between a vendor and a customer for the provision of goods and services. It attempts to depict the exchange of rights and obligations between the parties in the pattern of revenue recognition based on the consideration to which the vendor is entitled. To accomplish this objective, the standard requires five basic steps: i) identify the contract with the customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date.   The amendments in ASU 2015-14 defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Accordingly, the amendments are effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. In March, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , that clarifies how to apply revenue recognition guidance related to whether an entity is a principal or an agent. The update clarifies that an entity is a principal when it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is transferred to the customer, and is an agent when it does not control the specified good or service before it is transferred to the customer. In May, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  , that amended its new revenue recognition guidance on transition, collectibility, noncash consideration and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes. The amendments clarify that, for a contract to be considered completed at transition, all (or substantially all) of the revenue must have been recognized under legacy GAAP. The FASB also added a practical expedient to ease transition for contracts that were modified prior to adoption of the revenue standard under both the full and modified retrospective transition approaches. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-12,   Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force)  , to clarify that a performance target in a share-based compensation award that could be achieved after an employee completes the requisite service period should be treated as a performance condition that affects the vesting of the award.  As such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. For all entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

5 

In April 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-05,   Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement  , to clarify whether a hosting arrangement (e.g., cloud computing, software as a service, infrastructure as a service, etc.) contains a software license, and thus, whether it is to be accounted for by the customer similarly to other internal-use software.  Specifically, the amendments revise the scope of Subtopic 350-40 to include internal-use software accessed through a hosting arrangement only if both of the following criteria are met: (1) the customer has the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty.  There is no significant penalty if the customer has the ability to take delivery of the software without incurring significant cost and the ability to use the software separately without significant loss of utility or value and (2) it is feasible for the customer to either run the software on its own hardware or contract with another party unrelated to the vendor to host the software.  If both of the above criteria are present in a hosting arrangement, then the arrangement contains a software license and the customer should account for that element in accordance with Subtopic 350-40 (i.e., generally capitalize and subsequently amortize the cost of the license).  If both of the above criteria are not present, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract (i.e., expense fees as incurred).  The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  An entity can elect to adopt the amendments either (1) prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after the effective date or (2) retrospectively. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In January 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   ASU 2016-01, among other things; (i) requires equity investments, with certain exceptions, to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, (ii) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment; (iii) eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; (iv) requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (v) requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments; (vi) requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; and (vii) clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale. For public entities, the guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  . Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (i) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (ii) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-09,     Compensation            Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . FASB is issuing ASU 2016-09 as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. The areas for simplification in this ASU 2016-09 involve several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Some of the areas for simplification apply only to nonpublic entities. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period.   The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-13,   Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326)   (the  ASU ), which introduces new guidance for the accounting for credit losses on instruments within its scope. The new guidance introduces an approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased  
  
   6 

financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination. The ASU will be effective for Public business entities that are SEC filers in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. All other entities will have one additional year. Early application of the guidance will be permitted for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force), which addresses eight classification issues related to the statement of cash flows; (i) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, (ii) settlement of zero-coupon bonds, (iii) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, (iv) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, (v) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies, (vi) distributions received from equity method investees, (vii) beneficial interests in securitization transactions, and (viii) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. ASU 2016-15 is effective for public business entities for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. For all other entities, the ASU is effective for annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the ASU in an interim period, adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. Entities should apply this ASU using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If it is impracticable for an entity to apply the ASU retrospectively for some of the issues, it may apply the amendments for those issues prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently evaluating the pending adoption of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  

NOTE 2   SECURITIES 
    
  Available for Sale 
    
  The amortized cost and approximate fair value of securities available for sale as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are summarized as follows: 

Securities with a carrying value of approximately   $33.7 million   and   $33.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits and for borrowings at the Federal Reserve Bank as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations. 
    
  The amortized cost and fair value of securities available for sale at   September 30, 2016   are shown below by contractual maturity.  Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities as issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with  
  
   7 

or without call or prepayment penalties.  Investments which pay principal on a periodic basis are not included in the maturity categories. 

Gross gains on sales of securities available for sale were   $89 thousand   and   $64 thousand   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Gross realized losses on sales of securities available for sale were less than   $1 thousand   and   $53 thousand   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
    
  Gross realized gains on sales of securities available for sale were   $353 thousand   and   $368 thousand   and gross losses were less than   $1 thousand    and   $101 thousand   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
    
  Temporarily Impaired Securities 
  The following table shows gross unrealized losses and fair value of securities with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other than temporarily impaired, aggregated by category and length of time that individual available for sale securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

For each security whose fair value is less than their amortized cost basis, a review is conducted to determine if an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred. As of   September 30, 2016  , we reviewed our available for sale securities portfolio for indications of impairment. This review includes analyzing the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been lower than the cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, including any specific events which may influence the operations of the issuer and the intent and likelihood of selling the security.  The intent and likelihood of sale of debt and equity securities are evaluated based upon our investment strategy for the particular type of security and our cash flow needs, liquidity position, capital adequacy and interest rate risk position.  

8 

U.S. Government Agencies  
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the decline in fair value and the unrealized losses for our U.S. government agencies securities were primarily due to changes in spreads and market conditions and not credit quality.  At   September 30, 2016  , there were   three   securities with a fair value of   $4.4 million   that had an unrealized loss that amounted to   $49 thousand  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not intend to sell and it was not more-likely-than-not that we would be required to sell any of these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis.  Therefore, none of the U.S. government agency securities at   September 30, 2016   were deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired ( OTTI ). 
    
  At   December 31, 2015  , there were   six   securities with a fair value of   $8.4 million   that had an unrealized loss that amounted to   $55 thousand  . 
    
  State and Political Subdivisions 
  At September 30, 2016 and   December 31, 2015  , the decline in fair value and the unrealized losses for our state and political subdivisions securities were caused by changes in interest rates and spreads and were not the result of credit quality.  At September 30, 2016, there was   one   security with a fair value of   $597 thousand   that had an unrealized loss that amounted to   $8 thousand  .  These securities typically have maturity dates greater than   10   years and the fair values are more sensitive to changes in market interest rates.    
    
  At   December 31, 2015  , there were   15   securities with a fair value of   $8.8 million   that had an unrealized loss that amounted to   $129 thousand  .  
    
  Mortgage-Backed Securities 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the decline in fair value and the unrealized losses for our mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises were primarily due to changes in spreads and market conditions and not credit quality.  At   September 30, 2016  , there were   nine   securities with a fair value of   $15.3 million   that had an unrealized loss that amounted to   $114 thousand  .  As of   September 30, 2016  ,  we did not intend to sell and it was not more-likely-than-not that we would be required to sell any of these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis.  Therefore, none of our mortgage-backed securities at   September 30, 2016   were deemed to be OTTI.   
    
  At   December 31, 2015  , there were   18   securities with a fair value of   $31.9 million   that had an unrealized loss that amounted to   $436 thousand  .  
    
   Corporate Debt 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we did not have any Corporate Debt securities in an unrealized loss position.   
    
  Held to Maturity Securities 
    
  The amortized cost and approximate fair value of securities held to maturity as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are summarized as follows: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold a security out of its held to maturity portfolio due to continued credit deterioration.  The gross realized gain on the sale of the security was   $8 thousand   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
    
  The amortized cost and carrying value of securities held to maturity at   September 30, 2016   are shown below by contractual maturity.  Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities as issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
  
   9 

Temporarily Impaired Securities 
  For each security whose fair value is less than their amortized cost basis, a review is conducted to determine if an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred. As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have any held to maturity investments with unrealized losses. This review includes analyzing the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been lower than the cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, including any specific events which may influence the operations of the issuer and the intent and likelihood of selling the security.  The intent and likelihood of sale of debt securities is evaluated based upon our investment strategy for the particular type of security and our cash flow needs, liquidity position, capital adequacy and interest rate risk position. For each security whose fair value is less than their amortized cost basis, a review is conducted to determine if an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred. 
    
  At   December 31, 2015  , we did not have any held to maturity securities in an unrealized loss position.  

NOTE 3   LOANS 
    
  The composition of net loans receivable at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows: 

Mortgage loans serviced for others are not included in the accompanying balance sheets.  The total amount of loans serviced for the benefit of others was approximately   $438 thousand   and   $454 thousand   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Mortgage servicing rights were immaterial at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

10 

NOTE 4   ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES AND CREDIT QUALITY OF FINANCING RECEIVABLES 
    
  The following table presents changes in the allowance for loan losses disaggregated by the class of loans receivable for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :   

11 

The following table presents the balance of the allowance of loan losses and loans receivable by class at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   disaggregated on the basis of our impairment methodology. 

An age analysis of loans receivable, which were past due as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , is as follows: 

(a) includes loans greater than 90 days past due and still accruing and non-accrual loans. 

12 

Loans for which the accrual of interest has been discontinued at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were:  

In determining the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, we estimate losses based on the identification of specific problem loans through our credit review process and also estimate losses inherent in other loans on an aggregate basis by loan type.  The credit review process includes the independent evaluation of the loan officer assigned risk ratings by the Chief Credit Officer and a third party loan review company.  Such risk ratings are assigned loss component factors that reflect our loss estimate for each group of loans.  It is management s and the Board of Directors  responsibility to oversee the lending process to ensure that all credit risks are properly identified, monitored, and controlled, and that loan pricing, terms and other safeguards against non-performance and default are commensurate with the level of risk undertaken and is rated as such based on a risk-rating system.  Factors considered in assigning risk ratings and loss component factors include: borrower specific information related to expected future cash flows and operating results, collateral values, financial condition and payment status; levels of and trends in portfolio charge-offs and recoveries; levels in portfolio delinquencies; effects of changes in loan concentrations and observed trends in the economy and other qualitative measurements. 
    
  Our risk-rating system is consistent with the classification system used by regulatory agencies and with industry practices. Loan classifications of Substandard, Doubtful or Loss are consistent with the regulatory definitions of classified assets.  The classification system is as follows:     

Pass  : This category represents loans performing to contractual terms and conditions and the primary source of repayment is adequate to meet the obligation.  We have five categories within the Pass classification depending on strength of repayment sources, collateral values and financial condition of the borrower.  

Special Mention  :  This category represents loans performing to contractual terms and conditions; however the primary source of repayment or the borrower is exhibiting some deterioration or weaknesses in financial condition that could potentially threaten the borrowers  future ability to repay our loan principal and interest or fees due. 

Substandard  : This category represents loans that the primary source of repayment has significantly deteriorated or weakened which has or could threaten the borrowers  ability to make scheduled payments.  The weaknesses require close supervision by management and there is a distinct possibility that we could sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  Such weaknesses could jeopardize the timely and ultimate collection of our loan principal and interest or fees due.  Loss may not be expected or evident, however, loan repayment is inadequately supported by current financial information or pledged collateral. 

Doubtfu  l: Loans so classified have all the inherent weaknesses of a substandard loan with the added provision that collection or liquidation in full is highly questionable and not reasonably assured.  The probability of at least partial loss is high, but extraneous factors might strengthen the asset to prevent loss. The validity of the extraneous factors must be continuously monitored. Once these factors are questionable the loan should be considered for full or partial charge-off. 

Loss  : Loans so classified are considered uncollectible, and of such little value that their continuance as active assets is not warranted.  Such loans are fully charged off. 

13 

The following tables illustrate our corporate credit risk profile by creditworthiness category as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :     

The following table reflects information about our impaired loans by class as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

14 

The following table presents the average recorded investment and income recognized for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

We recognize interest income on performing impaired loans as payments are received.  On non-performing impaired loans we do not recognize interest income as all payments are recorded as a reduction of principal on such loans.     
    
  Impaired loans include loans modified in troubled debt restructurings where concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties.  These concessions could include a reduction in the interest rate on the loan, payment extensions, postponement or forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions intended to maximize collection.  The concessions rarely result in the forgiveness of principal or accrued interest.  In addition, we attempt to obtain additional collateral or guarantor support when modifying such loans.  Non-accruing restructured loans may be returned to accrual status when there has been a sustained period of repayment performance (generally six consecutive months of payments) and both principal and interest are deemed collectible. 
  
   15 

The following table presents the recorded investment in troubled debt restructured loans, based on payment performance status: 

Troubled debt restructured loans are considered impaired and are included in the previous impaired loans disclosures in this footnote.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have not committed to lend additional amounts to customers with outstanding loans that are classified as troubled debt restructurings. 
    
  There were no troubled debt restructurings that occurred during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016    and   2015  .  

There were no troubled debt restructurings for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the date of the restructuring for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  We may obtain physical possession of residential real estate collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan via foreclosure on an in-substance repossession. As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not hold any foreclosed residential real estate properties. As of    December 31, 2015  , we held   $130 thousand   in foreclosed residential real estate properties as a result of obtaining physical possession. In addition, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, we had consumer loans with a carrying value of   $673 thousand   and   $945 thousand   collateralized by residential real estate property for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process. 

NOTE 5   EARNINGS PER SHARE    
    
  Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.  Diluted earnings per share reflect additional common shares that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential common shares (unvested restricted stock grants and stock options) had been issued, as well as any adjustment to income that would result from the assumed issuance of potential common shares that may be issued by us.  
  Potential common shares related to stock options are determined using the treasury stock method.   

16 

There were   29,813   and   52,023   shares of unvested restricted stock awards and options outstanding during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, which were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because to do so would have been anti-dilutive.  There was   45,845   and   66,946   shares of unvested restricted stock awards and options outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because to do so would have been anti-dilutive. 

NOTE 6   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE  INCOME  
    
  Accounting principles generally require that recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income.  Although certain changes in assets and liabilities, such as unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities, are reported as a separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet, such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income. 
    
  The components of other comprehensive income, both before tax and net of tax, are as follows: 

17 

NOTE 7   SEGMENT INFORMATION 
    
  Our insurance agency operations are managed separately from the traditional banking and related financial services that we also offer.  The insurance agency operation provides commercial, individual, and group benefit plans and personal coverage. 

18 

(1) Insurance Services calculated at statutory tax rate of   40%   . 

NOTE 8   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  
    
  We currently have stock-based compensation plans in place for our directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors.  Under the terms of these plans we may grant restricted shares and stock options for the purchase of our common stock.  The stock-based compensation     is granted under terms determined by our Compensation Committee.  Our standard stock option grants have a maximum ter  m of   10   years, generally vest over periods ranging between   one   and   five years  , and are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant.  Restricted stock is valued at the market value of the common stock on the date of grant and generally vests over periods of   three   to   five years  .  All dividends paid on restricted stock, whether vested or unvested, are paid to the shareholder. 
  
   19 

Information regarding our stock option plans for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

The following table summarizes information about stock option assumptions: 

During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we expensed   $10 thousand   and   $10 thousand  , respectively, in stock-based compensation under stock option awards.  
    
  During the nine month ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we expensed   $34 thousand    and   $28 thousand  , respectively, in stock-based compensation under stock option awards.   
    
  The weighted average grant date fair values of options granted during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were   $3.37   per share and   $3.56   per share, respectively. Expected future expense relating to the unvested options outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   is   $178 thousand   over a weighted average period of   3.6   years. Upon exercise of vested options, management expects to draw on treasury stock as the source of the shares. 
    
  The summary of changes in unvested restricted stock awards for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , is as follows: 

During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we expensed   $82 thousand   and   $84 thousand  , respectively, in stock-based compensation under restricted stock awards.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we expensed   $268 thousand   and   $251 thousand  , respectively, in stock-based compensation under restricted stock awards. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , unrecognized compensation expense for unvested restricted stock was   $620 thousand  , which is expected to be recognized over an average period of   1.7   years.     
  
   20 

21 

NOTE 9   GUARANTEES 
    
  We do not issue any guarantees that would require liability recognition or disclosure, other than standby letters of credit.  Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by us to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.  Generally, all letters of credit, when issued, have expiration dates within   one year  .  The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers.  Generally, we hold collateral and/or personal guarantees supporting these commitments.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we  had   $599 thousand   of outstanding letters of credit.  Management believes that the proceeds obtained through a liquidation of collateral and the enforcement of guarantees would be sufficient to cover the potential amount of future payments required under the corresponding guarantees.  The amount of the liability as of   September 30, 2016  , for guarantees under standby letters of credit issued is not material. 

22 

NOTE 10    FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
    
  Management uses its best judgment in estimating the fair value of our financial instruments; however, there are inherent weaknesses in any estimation technique.  Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we could have realized in a sale transaction on the dates indicated.  The fair value amounts have been measured as of their respective period ends, and have not been re-evaluated or updated for purposes of these financial statements subsequent to those respective dates.  As such, the fair values of these financial instruments subsequent to the respective reporting dates may be different than the amounts reported at each period end. 
    
  In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we use a hierarchical disclosure framework associated with the level of pricing observability utilized in measuring assets and liabilities at fair value.  The three broad levels defined by the hierarchy are as follows: 
             
    Level I - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. 
                
    Level II - Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The nature of these asset and liabilities include items for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently, and items that are fair valued using other financial instruments, the parameters of which can be directly observed. 
                
    Level III - Assets and liabilities that have little to no pricing observability as of reported date.  These items do not have two-way markets and are measured using management s best estimate of fair value, where the inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. 
       
  The following table summarizes the fair value of our financial assets measured on a recurring basis by the above pricing observability levels as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Our available for sale and held to maturity securities portfolios contain investments, which were all rated within our investment policy guidelines at time of purchase, and upon review of the entire portfolio all securities are marketable and have observable pricing inputs. 
    
  For financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, the fair value measurements by level within the fair value hierarchy used at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are as follows: 

23 

(Dollars in thousands) 
    Fair 
  Value 
  Measurements 
      
    Quoted Prices in 
  Active Markets 
  for Identical 
  Assets 
  (Level I) 
      
    Significant 
  Other 
  Observable 
  Inputs 
  (Level II) 
      
    Significant 
  Unobservable 
  Inputs 
  (Level III) 
      September 30, 2016 

Impaired loans 
    $ 
    602 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    602 
      
      Foreclosed real estate 
    1,703 

1,703 

The following table presents additional qualitative information about assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and for which Level III inputs were used to determine fair value: 

Qualitative Information about Level III Fair Value Measurements 
      (Dollars in thousands) 
    Fair 
  Value 
  Estimate 
      
    Valuation 
  Techniques 
      
    Unobservable 
  Input 
      
    Range 
  (Weighted 
  Average) 
      September 30, 2016 

Impaired loans 
    $ 
    602 

Appraisal of 
      
    Appraisal 
      
    0% to -27.3%  

collateral    
      
    adjustments   (1) 
      
    (-3.5%) 

Foreclosed real estate 
    1,703 

Appraisal of 
      
    Selling 

collateral    
      
    expenses   (1) 
      
    -7.0%(-7.0%) 

(1) Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated selling expenses.  The range and weighted average of selling expenses and other appraisal adjustments are presented as a percentage of the appraisal. 
    
  The following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire company since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited portion of our assets and liabilities.  Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between our disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful.  The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of our financial instruments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :   
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents (Carried at Cost):   The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents approximate those assets  fair value. 
    
  Deposits (Carried at Cost):   Fair value for fixed-rate time certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered in the market on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits.  We generally purchase amounts below the insured limit, limiting the amount of credit risk on these time deposits.   

24 

Securities:   The fair value of securities, available for sale (carried at fair value) and securities held to maturity (carried at amortized cost) are determined by obtaining quoted market prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges (Level I), or matrix pricing (Level II), which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted market prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted prices.  For certain securities which are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, and such adjustments are generally based on available market evidence (Level III).  In the absence of such evidence, management s best estimate is used.  
    
  Federal Home Loan Bank Stock (Carried at Cost):    The carrying amount of restricted investment in bank stock approximates fair value and considers the limited marketability of such securities. 
    
  Loans Receivable (Carried at Cost):   The fair values of non-impaired loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using the market rates at the balance sheet date that reflect the credit and interest rate-risk inherent in the loans.  Projected future cash flows are calculated based upon contractual maturity or call dates, projected repayments and prepayments of principal.  Generally, for variable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. 
    
  Impaired Loans (Carried at Lower of Cost or Fair Value):   Fair value of impaired loans is generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties, or discounted cash flows based upon the expected proceeds.  These assets are included in Level III fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements.  The fair value of impaired loans totaled   $602 thousand   and   $801 thousand   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,  respectively.  These balances consist of loans that were written down or required additional reserves during the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Deposit Liabilities (Carried at Cost):   The fair values disclosed for demand, savings and money market accounts are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts).  Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered in the market on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits.  
    
  Borrowings (Carried at Cost):   Fair values of Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) advances are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on quoted prices for new FHLB advances with similar credit risk characteristics, terms and remaining maturity.  These prices obtained from this active market represent a market value that is deemed to represent the transfer price if the liability were assumed by a third party.  
    
  Derivatives     (Carried at Fair Value):    The Company also uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges, and which satisfy hedge accounting requirements, involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount.  These derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash outflows associated with FHLB borrowings along with our junior subordinated debenture at U.S. Capital Trust. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, and are subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of these derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. 
    
  The fair value of the Company's derivatives are determined using discounted cash flow analysis using observable market-based inputs, which are considered Level 2 inputs. 
    
  Junior Subordinated Debentures (Carried at Cost):   Fair values of junior subordinated debt are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on market rates currently offered on such debt with similar credit risk characteristics, terms and remaining maturity.  
    
  Accrued Interest Receivable and Accrued Interest Payable (Carried at Cost):   The carrying amounts of accrued interest receivable and payable approximate its fair value. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Instruments (Disclosed at Cost):   Fair values for our off-balance sheet financial instruments (lending commitments and letters of credit) are based on fees currently charged in the market to enter into similar agreements, taking into account, the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties  credit standing.  
    
  The fair values of our financial instruments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , were as follows:  
  
   25 

26 

NOTE 11   DERIVATIVES 
    
  The Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount.  
    
  The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and are subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash outflows associated with   four   FHLB borrowings totaling   $26.0 million  .  The Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to hedge its   $12.5 million   variable rate (3 Mo Libor +  1.44%  ) junior subordinated debt issued by Sussex Capital Trust II, a non-consolidated wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, for   10   years at a fixed rate of   3.10%  .  The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. The Company implemented this program during the quarter ended March 31, 2016.  
    
  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company did not record any hedge ineffectiveness. 

27 

The table below presents the fair value of the Company s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016: 

The table below presents the Company s derivative financial instruments that are designated as cash flow hedgers of interest rate risk and their effect on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Financial Conditions during the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

28 

The table below presents the Company s derivative financial instruments that are designated as cash flow hedgers of interest rate risk and their effect on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Financial Conditions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

29 

Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

MANAGEMENT STRATEGY 
    
  We are a community-oriented financial institution serving northern New Jersey, northeastern Pennsylvania, New York City, New York and Queens County, New York.  During the first quarter of 2016 our presence in northern New Jersey continued to grow to new markets in Bergen County, New Jersey, with the opening of a new branch in Oradell, New Jersey.  On April 29, 2016 we closed a branch location in Port Jervis, New York in Orange County.  While offering traditional community bank loan and deposit products and services, we obtain non-interest income through our insurance brokerage operations and the sale of non-deposit products.     
    
  We continue to focus on strengthening our core operating performance by improving our net interest income and margin by closely monitoring our yield on earning assets and adjusting the rates offered on deposit products.  We have been     focused on building for the future and strengthening our core operating results within our risk management framework.  

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and practices within the banking industry.  Application of these principles requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.  These estimates, assumptions, and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, the financial statements could reflect different estimates, assumptions, and judgments.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  Critical accounting estimates are necessary in the application of certain accounting policies and procedures, and are particularly susceptible to significant change. Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions.  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  For additional information on our critical accounting policies, please refer to Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

30 

COMPARISION OF OPERATING RESULTS FOR THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016     AND 2015 
    
  Overview         For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company reported net income of $1.3 million, or $0.28 per basic and diluted share, as compared to net income of $951 thousand, or $0.21 per basic and diluted share, for the same period last year.  The increase in net income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was driven by a $1.3 million, or 24.9%, increase in net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis resulting from strong loan and deposit growth.  The aforementioned was partly offset by an increase in provision for loan losses of $457 thousand due to loan growth and an increase in income taxes due to earnings growth and a higher effective tax rate.  In addition, non-interest expenses increased 5.4% mostly due to costs attributed to support the Company s growth. 
    
  Comparative Average Balances and Average Interest Rates         The following table presents, on a fully tax equivalent basis, a summary of our interest-earning assets and their average yields, and interest-bearing liabilities and their average costs for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

31 

(1) Includes loan fee income. 
      (2) Average rates on securities are calculated on amortized costs 
      (3) Full tax equivalent basis, using a 39% effective tax rate and adjusted for TEFRA (Tax and Equity Fiscal Responsibility Act) interest expense disallowance. 
      (4) Loans outstanding include non-accrual loans. 
      (5) Represents the difference between interest earned and interest paid, divided by average total interest-earning assets. 

Net Interest Income     Net interest income is the difference between interest and deferred fees earned on loans and other interest-earning assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities.  Net interest income is directly affected by changes in volume and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that support those assets, as well as changing interest rates when differences exist in repricing dates of assets and liabilities. 
    
  Net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis increased $1.3 million, or 24.9%, to $6.5 million for the third quarter of 2016, as compared to $5.2 million for the same period in 2015.  The increase in net interest income was largely due to a $167.9 million, or 28.1%, increase in average interest earning assets, principally loans receivable, which increased $165.2 million, or 33.9%.  The improvement in net interest income was partly offset by a decline in the net interest margin of 9 basis points to 3.34% for the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The decline in the net interest margin was mostly attributed to a 15 basis point decrease in the average rate earned on loans, which is mostly due to loan growth and loan repricing in a low rate environment. Also included in the net interest margin decrease is a 6 basis point increase in the average rate on interest bearing deposits, which was primarily due to an increase in wholesale funding. 
    
  Interest Income     Our total interest income, on a fully tax equivalent basis, increased $1.6 million, or 26.8%, to $7.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase was due to higher average earning assets, which increased $167.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.  
    
  Our total interest income earned on loans receivable increased $1.6 million, or 29.3%, to $7.0 million for the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase was driven by an increase in average balance of loans receivable of $165.2 million, or 33.9%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase in interest income earned on loans receivable was partially offset by a 15 basis point decline in the average yield to 4.24% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.  
    
  Our total interest income earned on securities, on a fully tax equivalent basis, increased $34 thousand, to $702 thousand for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $668 thousand for the same period in 2015.  The increase in interest income earned on securities was partially due to a 14 basis point increase in the average yield to 2.69% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015. 
    
  Other interest-earning assets include federal funds sold and interest bearing deposits in other banks. Our interest earned on total other interest-earning assets increased $6 thousand for the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The average balances in other interest-earning assets increased $3.2 million to $9.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $6.2 million during the third quarter a year earlier.  The increase in interest income was largely attributable to a 23 basis point increase in the average yield to 0.29% as compared to 0.06% in the same period in 2015.     
    
  Interest Expense     Our interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $334 thousand, or 37.4%, to $1.2 million from $893 thousand for the same period in 2015.  The increase was principally due to higher average balances in interest-bearing liabilities, which increased $129.5 million, or 26.9%, to $611.4 million for the third quarter of 2016 from $481.9 million for the same period in 2015.     
    
  Our interest expense on deposits increased $171 thousand, or 38.2%, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase was largely attributed to the increase in the average balance of total interest bearing deposits, which increased $80.6 million during the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase in interest expense was also attributable to a six basis point increase in the average rate on interest bearing deposits.     
    
  Our interest expense on borrowed funds increased $118 thousand, or 30.3%, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase was largely attributed to the average balance of borrowed funds increasing $48.9 million during the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.     
    
  Our interest expense on junior subordinated debt increased $45 thousand, or 80.5%, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase was largely attributed to the Company entering into an interest rate swap agreement to pay a fixed rate of 3.10% and receive 3 Mo Libor + 1.44%. 
    
  Provision for Loan Losses     Provision for loan losses increased $457 thousand to $458 thousand for the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase in the provision for loan losses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was mostly attributed to the Company's loan growth.  The provision for loan losses reflects management s judgment concerning the risks inherent in our existing loan portfolio and the size of the allowance necessary to absorb the risks, as well as the activity in the allowance during the periods.  Management reviews the adequacy of its allowance on an ongoing basis and will provide additional provisions, as management may deem necessary.  
    
  Non-Interest Income     Our non-interest income increased $119 thousand, or 7.2%, to $1.8 million for the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase was primarily due to higher insurance commissions and fees, which increased $135 thousand, or 14.1%, for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.    
  
   32 

Non-Interest Expense     Our non-interest expenses increased $288 thousand, or 5.4%, to $5.7 million for the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period last year. The increase for the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, was largely due to an increase in salaries and employee benefits of $324 thousand, data processing of $61 thousand and professional fees of $58 thousand.  The aforementioned increases were partly offset by declines in expenses and write-downs related to foreclosed real estate and other expenses of $179 thousand and $127 thousand, respectively.   
  The increase in salaries and employee benefits for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same periods in 2015 was largely due to an increase in personnel to support our growth, including the opening of our Oradell, New Jersey branch in the first quarter of 2016, and higher incentive and commission costs related to the Bank s and Tri-State s performance. The increase in data processing was largely due to the costs associated with the outsourcing of core processing systems and higher costs related to the Company s growth and introduction of new products and services during 2016.The increase in professional fees is mostly due increases in consulting fees and audit fees due to the continued growth of the Bank. The aforementioned increases were partly offset by the elimination of our in-house data operations center during the fourth quarter of 2015 and the closing of our Port Jervis, New York branch during the second quarter of 2016. The decrease in foreclosed real estate expenses is mostly due to the improvement  in credit quality resulting in a reduction in write-downs related to foreclosed loans. The decrease in other expenses is due to a 2015 legal settlement of approximately $150 thousand. 
    
  Income Taxes          Our income tax expense, which includes both federal and state tax expenses, was $696 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $390 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Our effective tax rate was 34.6% and 29.1% for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increased effective tax rate was the result of a smaller percentage of our pre-tax income resulting from tax exempt sources. 
  
   33 

COMPARISION OF OPERATING RESULTS FOR NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 
    
  Overview     For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reported a 43.5% increase in net income to $4.0 million, or $0.87 per basic and $0.86 per diluted share as compared to net income of $2.8 million, or $0.61 per basic and diluted share, for the same period last year.  The increase in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was largely due to increases in net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis of $3.0 million, or 19.8%, and non-interest income of $1.1 million, or 21.1%, which were partially offset by an increase in non-interest expenses of $1.5 million, or 9.8%, and a $548 thousand increase in provision for loan losses. The increase in non-interest expense was largely due to increases in salaries and employee benefits, mostly due to an increase in personnel to support our growth and higher incentive and commission costs related to the Bank s and Tri-State s performance, and data processing costs largely resulting from outsourcing of core processing systems. 
    
  Comparative Average Balances and Average Interest Rates     The following table presents, on a fully tax equivalent basis, a summary of our interest-earning assets and their average yields, and interest-bearing liabilities and their average costs for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

34 

(1) Includes loan fee income. 
      (2) Average rates on securities are calculated on amortized costs 
      (3) Full tax equivalent basis, using a 39% effective tax rate and adjusted for TEFRA (Tax and Equity Fiscal Responsibility Act) interest expense disallowance. 
      (4) Loans outstanding include non-accrual loans. 
      (5) Represents the difference between interest earned and interest paid, divided by average total interest-earning assets. 

Net Interest Income     Net interest income, on a fully tax equivalent basis, increased $3.0 million, or 19.8%, to $18.1 million for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to $15.1 million for the same period in 2015.  The increase in net interest income was largely due to a $134.4 million, or 23.1%, increase in average interest earning assets, principally loans receivable and the securities portfolio, which increased $128.9 million, or 27.0% and $3.8 million, or 3.9%, respectively.  The Company s net interest margin was 3.37% and 3.47% for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decline in net interest margin is due to loan growth and loan repricing in a low rate environment along with an increase in the average rate on interest bearing deposits, primarily due to an increase in wholesale funding. 
    
  Interest Income     Our total interest income, on a fully tax equivalent basis, increased $3.9 million, or 21.9%, to $21.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase was due to higher average  
  
   35 

interest earning assets, which increased $134.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.   
    
  Our total interest income earned on loans receivable increased $3.7 million, or 23.6%, to $19.6 million for the first nine months of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase was driven by an increase in average balance of loans receivable of $128.9 million, or 27.0%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase in interest income earned on loans receivable was partially offset by a 12 basis point decline in the average yield to 4.31% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.   
    
  Our total interest income earned on securities, on a fully tax equivalent basis, increased $126 thousand to $2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.9 million for the same period in 2015.  The increase is attributable to the growth in the average balance of securities of $3.8 million, or 3.9%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  This increase was also due in part to a six basis point increase in the average yield to 2.66% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.   
    
  Other interest-earning assets include federal funds sold and interest bearing deposits in other banks. Our interest earned on total other interest-earning assets increased $9 thousand for the first nine months of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The average balances in other interest-earning assets increased $1.8 million to $9.2 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $7.4 million during the first nine months a year earlier.  The increase was partially attributable to a 11 basis point increase in the average yield to 0.25% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.   
    
  Interest Expense     Our interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $875 thousand, or 33.5%, to $3.5 million from $2.6 million for the same period in 2015.  The increase was principally due to higher average balances in interest-bearing liabilities, which increased $100.0 million, or 21.0%, to $575.9 million for the first nine months of 2016 from $475.9 million for the same period in 2015. 
    
  Our interest expense on deposits increased $528 thousand, or 40.6%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase was largely attributed to the increase in the average balance of total interest bearing deposits, which increased $71.4 million during the first nine months of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase was also partially attributable to a 9 basis point increase in the average rate on deposits to 0.52% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015. 
    
  Our interest expense on borrowed funds increased $243 thousand, or 21.1%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase was largely attributed to the average balance of borrowed funds increasing $28.6  million during the first nine months of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase in interest expense on borrowed funds was partially offset by a 44 basis point decline in the average rate to 2.07% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.   
    
  Our interest expense on junior subordinated debt increased $104 thousand, or 64.2%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period last year.  The increase was largely attributed to the Company entering into an interest rate swap agreement to pay a fixed rate of 3.10% and receive 3 Mo Libor + 1.44%. 
    
  Provision for Loan Losses     Provision for loan losses increased $548 thousand, or 108.3%, to $1.1 million for the first nine months of 2016, as compared to $506 thousand for the same period in 2015.  The increase in the provision for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was largely attributed to the Company's loan growth.  The provision for loan losses reflects management s judgment concerning the risks inherent in our existing loan portfolio and the size of the allowance necessary to absorb the risks, as well as the activity in the allowance during the periods.  Management reviews the adequacy of its allowance on an ongoing basis and will provide additional provisions, as management may deem necessary.   
    
  Non-Interest Income     We reported an   in  crease in non-interest income of $1.1 million, or 21.1%, to $6.1 million for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period last year.  The increase in non-interest income was largely due to increases in insurance commissions and fees of $1.0 million.  The growth in Tri-State s commissions and fees was largely due to an increase in commissions of $496 thousand, or 25.6%, and contingency fee income of $418 thousand, or 124.7%. 
  Non-Interest Expense     Our non-interest expenses increased $1.5 million, or 9.8%, to $16.9 million for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period last year.  The increase for the first nine months of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, was largely due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of $1.2 million, data processing of $375 thousand and furniture and equipment of $119 thousand.   The aforementioned increases were partly offset by declines in expenses and write-downs related to foreclosed real estate and other expenses of $159 thousand and $127 thousand, respectively. 
  The increase in salaries and employee benefits for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period 2015 in salaries and employee benefits was largely due to an increase in personnel to support our growth, including the opening of our Oradell, New Jersey branch, and higher incentive and commission costs related to the Bank s and Tri-State s performance as compared to the same periods last year.  The aforementioned increases were partly offset by the closing of our Port Jervis New York branch.   The increase in data processing was largely due to the costs associated with the outsourcing of core processing systems and higher costs related to the Company s growth and introduction of new products and services during 2016. 
    
  Income Taxes     Our income tax expense, which includes both federal and state tax expenses, was $2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Our effective tax rate was 33.6% and 29.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increased effective tax rate was the result of a smaller percentage of our pre-tax income resulting from tax exempt sources. 

COMPARISION OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2016     TO DECEMBER 31, 2015 
    
  Total Assets     At September 30, 2016, our total assets were $809.0 million, an increase of $124.5 million, or 18.2%, as compared to total assets of $684.5 million at December 31, 2015.  The increase in total assets was largely driven by growth in loans receivable of $119.8 million, or 22.1%.       
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents     Our cash and cash equivalents increased by $6.3 million to $12.4 million at September 30, 2016, or 1.5% of total assets, from $6.1 million, or 0.9%,  of total assets, at December 31, 2015.     
    
  Securities Portfolio     At September 30, 2016, the securities portfolio, which includes available for sale and held to maturity securities, was $98.3 million, compared to $100.6 million at December 31, 2015. Available for sale securities were $91.6 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $93.8 million at December 31, 2015. The available for sale securities are held primarily for liquidity, interest rate risk management and profitability. Accordingly, our investment policy is to invest in securities with low credit risk, such as U.S. government agency obligations, state and political obligations and mortgage-backed securities. Held to maturity securities were $6.6 million at September 30, 2016 and $6.8 million at December 31, 2015. 
    
  Net unrealized gains in the available for sale securities portfolio were $1.8 million at September 30, 2016. Net unrealized gains in the available for sale securities portfolio were $144 thousand at December 31, 2015.  
    
  We conduct a regular assessment of our investment securities to determine whether any securities are OTTI.  Further detail of the composition of the securities portfolio and discussion of the results of the most recent OTTI assessment are in Note 2        Securities to our unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
    
  The unrealized losses in our securities portfolio are mostly driven by changes in spreads and market interest rates.  All of our securities in an unrealized loss position have been evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment as of September 30, 2016 and we do not consider any security OTTI.  We evaluated the prospects of the issuers in relation to the severity and the duration of the unrealized losses.  In addition, we do not intend to sell, and it is more likely than not that we will not have to sell any of our securities before recovery of their cost basis.  
    
  Other investments totaled $5.6 million at September 30, 2016, as compared to $5.2 million at December 31, 2015,  which consisted primarily of FHLB stock. We also held $100 thousand in time deposits with other financial institutions at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

36 

Loans     The loan portfolio comprises our largest class of earning assets.    Total loans receivable, net of unearned income, increased $119.8 million, or 22.1%, to $663.3 million at September 30, 2016, as compared to $543.4 million at December 31, 2015.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had $163.5 million in commercial loan production, which was partly offset by $8.6 million in commercial loan payoffs. 
    
  The following table summarizes the composition of our gross loan portfolio by type: 

Loan and Asset Quality     The ratio of NPAs, which include non-accrual loans, loans 90 days past due and still accruing, troubled debt restructured loans currently performing in accordance with renegotiated terms and foreclosed real estate, to total assets improved to 1.13% at September 30, 2016 from 1.49% at December 31, 2015.  NPAs decreased $1.1 million, or 10.8%, to $9.1 million at September 30, 2016, as compared to $10.2 million at December 31, 2015.  Non-accrual loans decreased $729 thousand, or 13.7%, to $4.6 million at September 30, 2016, as compared to $5.3 million at December 31, 2015.  The top five non-accrual loan relationships total $3.0 million, which equates to 64.8% of total nonaccrual loans and 32.6% of total NPAs at September 30, 2016.  The remaining non-accrual loans at September 30, 2016 have an average loan balance of $85 thousand.  Loans past due 30 to 89 days increased $4.8 million to approximately $7.6 million at September 30, 2016, as compared to $2.8 million at December 31, 2015.  Included in the $4.8 million increase was $3.5 million in matured loans, of which $2.6 million were renewed in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  We continue to actively market our foreclosed real estate properties, which decreased $349 thousand to $3.0 million at September 30, 2016, as compared to $3.4 million at December 31, 2015.  The decrease was primarily due to the sale of $893 thousand in foreclosed real estate properties, which was partially offset by the addition of $729 thousand in foreclosed real estate properties.  At September 30, 2016, the Company s foreclosed real estate properties had an average carrying value of approximately $300 thousand per property. 
  The allowance for loan losses increased by $741 thousand, or 13.3%, to $6.3 million, or 0.95% of total loans, at September 30, 2016, compared to $5.6 million, or 1.03% of total loans, at December 31, 2015. The Company recorded $1.1 million in provision for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  Additionally, the Company recorded net charge-offs of $313 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $506 thousand in net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-accrual loans increased to 138.1% at September 30, 2016 from 105.2% at December 31, 2015. 
    
  Management continues to monitor our asset quality and believes that the NPAs are adequately collateralized and anticipated material losses have been adequately reserved for in the allowance for loan losses.  However, given the uncertainty of the current real estate market, additional provisions for losses may be deemed necessary in future periods.  The following table provides information regarding risk elements in the loan portfolio at each of the periods presented: 

37 

A loan is considered impaired, in accordance with the impairment accounting guidance, when based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan.  Total impaired loans at September 30, 2016 were $5.9 million and at December 31, 2015 were $6.9 million.  Impaired loans measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis decreased to $602 thousand on September 30,  2016 from $801 thousand at December 31, 2015.   These balances consist of loans that were written down or required additional reserves during the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  Impaired loans include loans modified in troubled debt restructurings where concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties.  These concessions could include a reduction in the interest rate on the loan, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions intended to maximize collection.  Not all impaired loans and restructured loans are on non-accrual, and therefore not all are considered non-performing loans.  Restructured loans still accruing totaled $1.3 million and $1.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
    
  We also continue to monitor our portfolio for potential problem loans. Potential problem loans are defined as loans which cause management to have serious concerns as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms and which may cause the loan to be placed on non-accrual status. As of September 30, 2016,  we had 14 loan relationships totaling $1.9 million that we deemed potential problem loans. Management is actively monitoring these loans. 
    
  Further detail of the credit quality of the loan portfolio is included in Note 4        Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Quality of Financing Receivables to our unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Allowance for Loan Losses     The allowance for loan losses consists of general, allocated and unallocated components.  The allocated component relates to loans that are classified as impaired.  For those loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows, collateral value or observable market price of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical charge-off experience and expected losses derived from our internal risk rating process.  The unallocated component covers the potential for other adjustments that may be made to the allowance for pools of loans after an assessment of internal or external influences on credit quality that are not fully reflected in the historical loss or risk rating data.  
    
  Management regularly assesses the appropriateness and adequacy of the loan loss reserve in relation to credit exposure associated with individual borrowers, overall trends in the loan portfolio and other relevant factors, and believes the reserve is reasonable and adequate for each of the periods presented. 
    
  At September 30, 2016, the total allowance for loan losses increased by $741 thousand, or 13.3%, to $6.3 million, or 0.95% of total loans as compared to $5.6 million, or 1.03% of total loans, at December 31, 2015. The Company recorded $1.1 million in provision for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  Additionally, the Company recorded net charge-offs of $313 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $506 thousand in net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-accrual loans increased to 138.1% at September 30, 2016 from 105.2% at December 31, 2015.  The provision also reflects the continued weakness in current real estate values in our market area and reduced cash flows to support the repayment of loans.     
  
   38 

The table below presents information regarding our provision and allowance for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The table below presents details concerning the allocation of the allowance for loan losses to the various categories for each of the periods presented.  The allocation is made for analytical purposes and it is not necessarily indicative of the categories in which future credit losses may occur.  The total allowance is available to absorb losses from any category of loans. 

Bank-Owned Life Insurance ( BOLI )     Our BOLI carrying value amounted to $12.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $12.5 million at December 31, 2015. 
    
  Goodwill and Other Intangibles     Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair market value of net assets acquired.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had recorded goodwill totaling $2.8 million, primarily as a result of the acquisition of Tri-State in 2001.  Our recorded goodwill total also includes $486 thousand related to the 2006 acquisition of $6.3 million in deposits in our Port Jervis branch.  As of September 30, 2016 deposits in that branch were $10.5 million.  During the quarter ended March 31, 2016 we announced the closing of this branch, as a result we will monitor the outflow of these deposits and evaluate the related goodwill for impairment.  In accordance with U.S. GAAP, goodwill is not amortized, but evaluated at least annually for impairment.  Any impairment of goodwill results in a charge to income.  We periodically assess whether events and changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of goodwill and intangible assets may be impaired.  The estimated fair value of the reporting segment exceeded its book value; therefore, no write-down of goodwill was required.  The goodwill related to the insurance agency is not deductible for tax purposes. 

39 

Deposits     Our total deposits increased $107.1 million, or 20.7%, to $624.9 million at September 30, 2016, from $517.9 million at December 31, 2015.  The increase in deposits was due to increases in both interest bearing deposits of $67.1 million, or 15.6%, and non-interest bearing deposits of $40.0 million, or 45.9%, at September 30, 2016, as compared to December 31, 2015.  Included in the aforementioned deposit total is $46.9 million in deposit balances with a cost of 0.59% attributed to our newest branch in Oradell, New Jersey, which opened in the beginning of March 2016.  Also, included is $69.0 million in deposit balances with a cost of 0.42% attributed to our branch in Astoria, New York, which opened in Mid-March of 2015. 
    
  Borrowings     Our borrowings consist of short-term and long-term advances from the FHLB and an unsecured revolving line of credit ( LOC ) with Atlantic Community Bankers Bank ( ACBB ).  The advances are secured under terms of a blanket collateral agreement by a pledge of qualifying mortgage loans.  We had $102.5 million and $95.7 million in borrowings, at a weighted average interest rate of 1.84% at September 30, 2016 and 1.86% at December 31, 2015.  The long-term borrowings at September 30, 2016 consisted of $50.0 million of fixed rate advances, $5.0 million of advances with quarterly convertible puts that allow us to put the advance back to the FHLB quarterly after one year from issuance and $11.0 million of advances with quarterly convertible options that allow the FHLB to change the note rate to a then current market rate.  During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the Company entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements related to four of its FHLB borrowings.   Additionally, the Company entered into a LOC with ACBB in the amount of $5 million with a maturity date of October 1, 2017, and a floating rate of prime plus 50 basis points and a fee of 25 basis points. The LOC funds were contributed to the Bank s capital in the third quarter of 2016.  Please refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  .     
    
  Junior Subordinated Debentures     On June 28, 2007, Sussex Capital Trust II (the  Trust ), a Delaware statutory business trust and our non-consolidated wholly owned subsidiary, issued $12.5 million of variable rate capital trust pass-through securities to investors.  The Trust purchased $12.9 million of variable rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures from us.  The debentures are the sole asset of the Trust.  The terms of the junior subordinated debentures are the same as the terms of the capital securities.  We have also fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligations of the Trust under the capital securities. The interest rate is based on the three-month LIBOR plus 144 basis points and adjusts quarterly.  The rate at September 30, 2016,  was 2.29%.  During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement related to the junior subordinated debentures where the Company pays a fixed rate of 3.10% and receives the three-month LIBOR plus 144 basis points. Please refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  .  The capital securities are currently redeemable by us at par in whole or in part.  The capital securities must be redeemed upon final maturity of the subordinated debentures on September 15, 2037.  The proceeds of these trust preferred securities, which have been contributed to the Bank, are included in the Bank s capital ratio calculations and treated as Tier I capital. 
    
  In accordance with FASB ASC 810,   Consolidations  , our wholly owned subsidiary, the Trust, is not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Equity           Stockholders  equity, inclusive of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of income taxes, was $58.6 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $4.7 million when compared to December 31, 2015.  The increase was largely due to net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  A fundamental component of our business strategy is to manage liquidity to ensure the availability of sufficient resources to meet all financial obligations and to finance prospective business opportunities. Liquidity management is critical to our stability. Our liquidity position over any given period of time is a product of our operating, financing and investing activities. The extent of such activities is often shaped by such external factors as competition for deposits and loan demand. 
    
  Traditionally, financing for our loans and investments is derived primarily from deposits, along with interest and principal payments on loans and investments.  At September 30, 2016, total deposits amounted to $624.9 million, an increase of $107.1 million, or 20.7%, from December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, borrowings from FHLB and ACBB and subordinated debentures totaled $120.4 million and $108.5 million, respectively, and represented 14.9% and 15.9% of total assets, respectively.  
    
  Loan production continued to be our principal investing activity. Total loans receivable, net of unearned income, at September 30, 2016, amounted to $663.3 million, an increase of $119.8 million, or 22.1%, compared to December 31, 2015. 
    
  Our most liquid assets are cash and due from banks and federal funds sold.  At September 30, 2016, the total of such assets amounted to $12.4 million, or 1.5%, of total assets, compared to $6.1 million, or 0.9%, of total assets at December 31, 2015. Anothe 
  
   40 

r significant liquidity source is our available for sale securities portfolio.  At September 30, 2016, available for sale securities amounted to $91.6 million, compared to $93.8 million at December 31, 2015. 
    
  In addition to the aforementioned sources of liquidity, we have available various other sources of liquidity, including federal funds purchased from other banks and the FRB discount window.  The Bank also has the capacity to borrow an additional $65.6  million     through its membership in the FHLB and $10.0 million at ACBB at September 30, 2016. Management believes that our sources of funds are sufficient to meet our present funding requirements. 
    
  In July 2013, the FRB, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the  OCC ) and the FDIC approved final rules (the  Capital Rules ) that established a new capital framework for U.S. banking organizations. The Capital Rules generally implement the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s (the  Basel Committee ) December 2010 final capital framework referred to as  Basel III  for strengthening international capital standards. In addition, the Capital Rules implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, including the requirements of Section 939A to remove references to credit ratings from the federal banking agencies  rules.   
    
  At September 30, 2016, the Bank s Tier I,  Tier II and Common Equity Tier I ( CET1 ) capital ratios were 11.02%, 11.99% and 11.02%, respectively.  In addition to the risk-based guidelines, the Bank s regulators require that banks which meet the regulators  highest performance and operational standards maintain a minimum leverage ratio (Tier I capital as a percentage of tangible assets) of 4.0%.  As of September 30, 2016, the Bank had a leverage ratio of 8.98%.  The Bank s risk based and leverage ratios are in excess of those required to be considered  well-capitalized  under FDIC regulations. 
    
  The Capital Rules also requires a  capital conservation buffer,  composed entirely of CET1, on top of these minimum risk-weighted asset ratios. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity and other capital instrument repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. Beginning January 1, 2016, the capital standards applicable to the Company will include an additional capital conservation buffer of 0.625%, increasing 0.625% each year thereafter. When fully phased-in on January 1, 2019, the Company will include an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of CET1, effectively resulting in minimum ratios inclusive of the capital conservation buffer of (i) CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7%, (ii) Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.5%, and (iii) Total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 10.5%. As of September 30, 2016, the Bank had a capital conservation buffer of 3.99%.   
    
  The Capital Rules substantially revised the risk-based capital requirements applicable to bank holding companies and their depository institution subsidiaries. The risk-based capital guidelines are designed to make regulatory capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banks and bank holding companies, to account for off-balance sheet exposures and to minimize disincentives for holding liquid, low-risk assets. The capital guidelines apply on a consolidated basis to bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $1 billion or more, and to certain bank holding companies with less than $1 billion in assets if they are engaged in substantial non-banking activity or meet certain other criteria.  Under FRB reporting requirements, a bank holding company that reaches $1 billion or more in total consolidated assets as of June 30 of the preceding year must begin reporting its consolidated capital beginning in March of the following year.  The threshold for capital consolidation was raised from $500 million to $1 billion effective May 15, 2015, As a result, the Company is  no longer required to report its consolidated capital.  The Bank, however, must continue to meet minimum capital requirements under the Capital Rules. 
    
  We have no investment or financial relationship with any unconsolidated entities that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on liquidity or the availability of capital resources, except for the trust preferred securities of the Trust.  We are not aware of any known trends or any known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties, which would result in any material increase or decrease in liquidity.  Management believes that any amounts actually drawn upon can be funded in the normal course of operations. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     Our consolidated financial statements do not reflect off-balance sheet arrangements that are made in the normal course of business.  These off-balance sheet arrangements consist of unfunded loans and letters of credit made under the same standards as on-balance sheet instruments.  At September 30, 2016, these unused commitments totaled $136.6 million     and consisted of $61.1 million in commitments to grant commercial real estate, construction and land development loans, $25.6 million in home equity lines of credit, $49.0 million in other unused commitments and $998 thousand in letters of credit.  These instruments have fixed maturity dates, and because many of them will expire without being drawn upon, they do not generally present any significant liquidity risk to us.  Management believes that any amounts actually drawn upon can be funded in the normal course of operations. 
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements with notional amounts totaling $38.5 million, of which all are designated as cash flow hedges. The Company entered into $26.0 million in forward starting interest rate swap agreements to coincide with the maturity of five FHLB Advances over the next 21 months that have an average rate of  
  
   41 

4.03%.  The forward interest rate swaps have a term of 10 years at an average fixed rate of 1.97% and will hedge short term wholesale funding.  Additionally, the Company entered into a $12.5 million interest rate swap agreement to coincide with a junior subordinated debt issued by Sussex Capital Trust II, for a term of 10 years at a fixed rate of 3.10%. 

Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 4 - Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon the evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely discussion regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

42 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1 - Legal Proceedings  
    
  We are not involved in any legal proceedings other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business.   Management believes that such proceedings are, in the aggregate, immaterial to our financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 1A - Risk Factors 
    
  For a summary of risk factors relevant to our operations, see Part 1, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  There are no material changes in the risk factors relevant to our operations. 

Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  The following table provides information with respect to any purchase of shares of our common stock made by or on behalf of us or any  affiliated purchaser,  as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, during the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

(1) On February 26, 2016, the Board of Directors authorized a continuation of the stock repurchase program, under which we may repurchase up to 184,000 shares.  The stock repurchase program expires on February 25, 2017, unless completed sooner or otherwise extended. 
    
  There were no sales by us of unregistered securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3 - Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 5 - Other Information 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 6 - Exhibits  
    
  The exhibits required to be filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are listed in the Exhibit Index attached hereto and are incorporated herein by reference. 

43 

SIGNATURES 
    
  In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,     thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                   Date: November 10, 2016 
      
    SUSSEX BANCORP 

By: 
    /s/ Steven M. Fusco 

Steven M. Fusco 

Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

44 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
                   Exhibit 

Number 
      
    Description 
      3.1 
      
    Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2011). 
      3.2 
      
    Amended and Restated By-laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014). 
      4.1 
      
    Specimen common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 3, 2013). 
      31.1 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. 
      31.2 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. 
      32.1* 
      
    Section 1350 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 
      101 
      
    Financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sussex Bancorp for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

_______________________________ 
           * 
    Furnished herewith and not deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.  

45 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sbbx-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  I, Anthony Labozzetta, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sussex Bancorp; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                      Date: November 10, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Anthony Labozzetta 

Anthony Labozzetta 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sbbx-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  I, Steven M. Fusco, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    1.I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sussex Bancorp; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: November 10, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Steven M. Fusco 

Steven M. Fusco 

Chief Financial Officer and 
  Senior Executive Vice President 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sbbx-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  Statement Furnished PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 of the 
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION     1350 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sussex Bancorp (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), I, Anthony Labozzetta, President and Chief Executive Officer, and I, Steven M. Fusco, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President, each certify as follows: 
    
                 A) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)), and 
      B) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. 

This statement is authorized to be attached as an exhibit to the Report so that this statement will accompany the Report at such time as the Report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
                 Date: November 10, 2016 
    By: /s/ Anthony Labozzetta 
        
    Anthony Labozzetta 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: /s/ Steven M. Fusco 
        
    Steven M. Fusco 
        
    Chief Financial Officer and 
  Senior Executive Vice President 
        
    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 sbbx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sbbx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sbbx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sbbx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sbbx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sbbx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

