<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1386570_0001654954-16-003772_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5207058</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>325210</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>301881</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2323239</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1303065</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>755810</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003772.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110160845
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003772
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ChromaDex Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001386570
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				262940963
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37752
		FILM NUMBER:		161988119

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10005 MUIRLANDS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		STE. G, FIRST FLOOR
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-419-0288

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10005 MUIRLANDS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		STE. G, FIRST FLOOR
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CODY RESOURCES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003772.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 cdxc10qhtm.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SEC Connect 

UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

[ X ]
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended October 1, 2016 

Commission
File Number:  000-53290  

CHROMADEX CORPORATION 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Registrant's
telephone number, including area code: (949) 419-0288 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
  
X    No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes   X   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer or smaller reporting
company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,
accelerated filer and smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
accelerated filer
____                                                                             
Accelerated filer   
X    

Non-accelerated
filer
____                                                                                Smaller
reporting company ____ 

(Do not
check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes ___
No   
X    

As of November 9, 2016 there were 37,904,534 shares of the
registrant s common stock issued and
outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

CHROMADEX
CORPORATION 

QUARTERLY
REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

T ABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I   

FINANCIAL
INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 

ITEM
1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:  

1 

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 1, 2016 and January 2,
2016  

1 

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months
ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015  

2 

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the nine months
ended October 1, 2016  

4 

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended
October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015  

5 

Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements  

6 

ITEM
2.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

16 

ITEM
3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK    

23 

ITEM
4.    CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES    

24 

PART II   

OTHER
INFORMATION 

ITEM
1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

25 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS  

25 

ITEM
2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND
USE OF PROCEEDS  

38 

ITEM
3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES  

38 

ITEM
4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

38 

ITEM
5.    OTHER INFORMATION  

38 

ITEM
6.    EXHIBITS  

39 

SIGNATURES  

40 

-i- 

Table of Contents  

PART I    F INANCIAL INFORMATION
(UNAUDITED) 

ITEM 1.  F INANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-1- 

Table of Contents  

-2- 

Table of Contents  

-3- 

Table of Contents  

-4- 

Table of Contents  

-5- 

Table of Contents  

N ote
1.                       Interim
Financial Statements 

The
accompanying financial statements of ChromaDex Corporation (the
 Company ) and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
ChromaDex, Inc., ChromaDex Analytics, Inc. and Spherix Consulting,
Inc. include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring
adjustments and accruals, that, in the opinion of the management of
the Company, are necessary for a fair presentation of the
Company s financial position as of October 1, 2016 and
results of operations and cash flows for the three and nine months
ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015. These unaudited interim
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
Company s audited financial statements and the notes thereto
for the year ended January 2, 2016 appearing in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  Commission ) on March 17, 2016.
Operating results for the nine months ended October 1, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the results to be achieved for the full
year ending on December 31, 2016. The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

The
balance sheet at January 2, 2016 has been derived from the audited
financial statements at that date, but does not include all of the
information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial
statements. 

Note
2.                       Nature
of Business and Liquidity 

Nature of business : The Company
leverages its complementary business units to discover, acquire,
develop and commercialize patented and proprietary ingredient
technologies that address the dietary supplement, food, beverage,
skin care and pharmaceutical markets. In addition to our ingredient
technologies unit, we also have business units focused on natural
product fine chemicals (known as "phytochemicals"), chemistry and
analytical testing services, and product regulatory and safety
consulting (known as Spherix Consulting). As a result of our
relationships with leading universities and research institutions,
we are able to discover and license early stage, Intellectual
Property-backed ingredient technologies. We then utilize our
in-house chemistry, regulatory and safety consulting business units
to develop commercially viable ingredients. Our ingredient
portfolio is backed with clinical and scientific research, as well
as extensive Intellectual Property protection. 

Liquidity : The Company has
incurred loss from operations of approximately $122,000 and net
loss of approximately $781,000 for the nine-month period ended
October 1, 2016. As of October 1, 2016, the cash and cash
equivalents totaled approximately $2,265,000. 

Subsequent to the
period ended October 1, 2016, the Company entered into a business
financing agreement with Western Alliance Bank, in order to
establish a formula based revolving credit line up to $5.0 million.
While we anticipate that our current cash, cash equivalents, cash
to be generated from operations and the established $5.0 million
revolving credit line will be sufficient to meet our projected
operating plans through at least November 11, 2017, we may require
additional funds, either through additional equity or debt
financings or collaborative agreements or from other sources. We
have no commitments to obtain such additional financing, and we may
not be able to obtain any such additional financing on terms
favorable to us, or at all. If adequate financing is not available,
the Company will further delay, postpone or terminate product and
service expansion and curtail certain selling, general and
administrative operations. The inability to raise additional
financing may have a material adverse effect on the future
performance of the Company. 

-6- 

Table of Contents  

Note
3.                       Significant
Accounting Policies 

Basis of presentation : The
financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared on a
consolidated basis and reflect the consolidated financial position
of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated from
these financial statements. The Company s fiscal year ends on
the Saturday closest to December 31. Every fifth or sixth fiscal
year, the inclusion of an extra week occurs due to the
Company s floating year-end date. The fiscal year 2015 ended
on January 2, 2016 consisted of normal 52 weeks. The fiscal year
2016 ending on December 31, 2016 will also include the normal 52
weeks. 

Changes in accounting
principle : In September 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows:
Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The ASU
is issued to clarify whether certain items, including debt
prepayments and extinguishment costs, should be categorized as
operating, investing or financing in the statement of cash flows,
The amendments in this ASU clarify that debt extinguishment costs
should be classified as financing cash outflows. 

The
Company early adopted the amendments in this ASU effective as of
October 1, 2016. For the nine-month period ended October 1, 2016,
the Company incurred loss of approximately $313,000 on debt
extinguishment and approximately $281,000 were paid in cash. The
Company had previously presented these cash paid costs as operating
cash outflows in its consolidated statement of cash flows for the
six-month period ended July 2, 2016 in the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August
11, 2016. The early adoption has resulted in adjustments to the
Company s consolidated statement of cash flows for the
six-month period ended July 2, 2016, by reclassifying the cash paid
for debt extinguishment costs as financing cash
outflows. 

Below
are the effects of the change on the consolidated statement of cash
flows for the six-month period ended July 2, 2016. 

-7- 

Table of Contents  

Inventories : Inventories are comprised of raw materials,
work-in-process and finished goods. They are stated at the lower of
cost, determined by the first-in, first-out method
( FIFO ) method, or market. Labor and overhead has been
added to inventory that was manufactured or characterized by the
Company. The amounts of major classes of inventory as of October 1,
2016 and January 2, 2016 are as follows: 

Note
4.                       Reverse
Stock Split 

On
April 13, 2016, the Company effected a 1-for-3 reverse stock split.
All information presented herein has been retrospectively adjusted
to reflect the reverse stock split as if they took place as of the
earliest period presented. An additional 1,632 shares were issued
to round up fractional shares as a result of the reverse stock
split. 

Note
5.                       Earnings
Per Share Applicable to Common Stockholders 

The
following table sets forth the computations of earnings per share
amounts applicable to common stockholders for the three and nine
months ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015: 

-8- 

Table of Contents  

Note
6.                       Loan
Payable 

On June
14, 2016, the Company repaid $4,851,542 owed to Hercules Funding II
LLC ( Hercules ), under the Company s loan and
security agreement with Hercules dated as of September 29, 2014
(the  Loan Agreement ). 

The
payoff amount was comprised of the following: 

Upon
receipt of the Payoff Amount, the Loan Agreement
terminated. 

The
Loan Agreement initially provided the Company with access to a term
loan of up to $5 million. The first $2.5 million of the term loan
was funded at the closing of the Loan Agreement, and was repayable
in installments over 30 months, following an initial interest-only
period of twelve months after closing. The Company drew down the
remaining $2.5 million of the term loan on June 17, 2015 and the
interest-only period was extended to March 31, 2016. In connection
with the loan, the Company paid an aggregate of $65,000 in facility
charges to Hercules and granted Hercules first priority liens and a
security interest in substantially all of its assets. 

The
Loan Agreement also provided (i) a borrower option to repay
principal in common stock up to an aggregate amount of $500,000 at
a conversion price of $3.879 per share and (ii) a lender option to
receive principal repayments in common stock up to an aggregate
amount of $500,000 at a conversion price of $3.879 per share,
subject to certain conditions. However, no principal was repaid in
common stock. On the commitment date, no separate accounting was
required for the conversion feature. 

In
connection with the termination of the Loan Agreement,
Hercules s commitments to extend further credit to the
Company terminated, all obligations, covenants, debts and
liabilities of the Company under the Loan Agreement were satisfied
and discharged in full, all documents entered into in connection
with the Loan Agreement, other than a warrant issued pursuant to
the Loan Agreement, were terminated, all liens or security
interests granted to secure the obligations under the Loan
Agreement terminated and all guaranties of the Company s
obligations under the Loan Agreement terminated. 

The
payoff amount, excluding the accrued interest to date, was
$4,835,752 and the net carrying amount of the debt on the
extinguishment date was $4,522,653. The difference of $313,099 was
recognized as a non-operating loss in the statement of operations
during the nine months ended October 1, 2016. 

-9- 

Table of Contents  

Note
7.                       Employee
Share-Based Compensation 

Service Period     Based
Stock Options  

The
following table summarizes activity of service period based stock
options granted to employees at October 1, 2016 and changes during
the nine months then ended: 

The
aggregate intrinsic values in the table above are based on the
Company s stock price of $2.98, which is the closing price of
the Company s stock on the last day of business for the
period ended October 1, 2016. 

The
fair value of the Company s stock options was estimated at
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The
table below outlines the weighted average assumptions for options
granted to employees during the nine months ended October 1,
2016. 

-10- 

Table of Contents  

As of
October 1,   2016, there
was approximately $2,271,000 of total unrecognized compensation
expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.0
years. 

Employee Share-Based Compensation 

The
Company recognized compensation expense of approximately $260,000
and $881,000 in general and administrative expenses in the
statement of operations for the three and nine months ended October
1, 2016, respectively, and approximately $418,000 and $1,238,000
for the three and nine months ended October 3, 2015,
respectively. 

Note
8.                       Stock
Issuance 

On
March 11, 2016, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement ( SPA ) to raise $500,000 in a registered
direct offering. Pursuant to the SPA, the Company sold a total of
128,205 Units at a purchase price of $3.90 per Unit, with each Unit
consisting of one share of the Company s common stock and a
warrant to purchase one half of a share of common stock (64,103
total) with an exercise price of $4.80 and a term of 3 years. The
estimated fair value of the warrant was approximately $108,000 and
the warrant was determined to be classified as equity. The fair
value was estimated at the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes
based valuation model. The table below outlines the assumptions for
the warrant issued. 

On June
3, 2016, the Company entered into additional SPAs to raise
$5,250,000 in a registered direct offering. Pursuant to the SPAs,
the Company sold a total of 1,117,022 shares of the Company s
common stock at a purchase price of $4.70 per share. 

Note
9.                       Business
Segments 

The
Company has the following three reportable segments: 

Ingredients segment
develops and commercializes proprietary-based ingredient
technologies and supplies these ingredients to the manufacturers of
consumer products in various industries including the nutritional
supplement, food and beverage and animal health
industries. 

Core standards and
contract services segment includes supply of phytochemical
reference standards, which are small quantities of plant-based
compounds typically used to research an array of potential
attributes, reference materials and related contract
services. 

Scientific and
regulatory consulting segment which provides scientific and
regulatory consulting to the clients in the food, supplement and
pharmaceutical industries to manage potential health and regulatory
risks. 

The
 Other  classification includes corporate items not
allocated by the Company to each reportable segment. Further, there
are no intersegment sales that require elimination. The Company
evaluates performance and allocates resources based on reviewing
gross margin by reportable segment. 

-11- 

Table of Contents  

-12- 

Table of Contents  

Disclosure of major customers 

Major
customers who accounted for more than 10% of the Company s
total sales were as follows: 

Major customers who
accounted for more than 10% of the Company s total trade
receivables were as follows:  

-13- 

Table of Contents  

Note
10.                       Related-Party
Transactions 

On
August 28, 2015, the Company entered into an Exclusive Supply
Agreement (the  Supply Agreement ) with Healthspan
Research, LLC ( Healthspan ). Under the terms of the
Supply Agreement, Healthspan agreed to purchase NIAGEN  from
the Company and the Company granted to Healthspan worldwide rights
for resale of specific dietary supplements containing NIAGEN 
in certain direct response channels. 

Pursuant to the
terms of the Supply Agreement, in exchange for a 4% equity interest
in Healthspan, the Company agreed to initially supply NIAGEN 
to Healthspan up to a certain amount, and in exchange for an
additional 5% equity interest in Healthspan, the Company will grant
to Healthspan certain exclusive rights to resell NIAGEN .
Healthspan will pay the Company royalties on the cumulative
worldwide net sales of its finished products containing
NIAGEN . The exclusivity rights will remain for so long as
Healthspan meets certain minimum purchase requirements. In the
event that, during the initial term, the Company terminates the
exclusivity rights due to failure to meet the minimum purchase
requirements or for any reason other than a material breach of the
Supply Agreement by Healthspan, then the 5% equity interest shall
be automatically redeemed for a purchase price of $1.00 effective
upon the date of termination of the exclusivity
rights. 

In
connection with the foregoing, also on August 28, 2015, the Company
and Healthspan entered into an interest purchase agreement and
limited liability company agreement pursuant to which the Company
was issued 9% of the outstanding equity interests of Healthspan.
Rob Fried, a director of the Company, is the manager of Healthspan
and owns 91% of the outstanding equity interests of Healthspan. The
Supply Agreement, interest purchase agreement and limited liability
company agreement were unanimously approved by the independent
directors of the Company. 

During
the nine months ended October 1, 2016, the Company shipped
NIAGEN  to Healthspan to satisfy part of our obligation to
supply a certain amount of NIAGEN  in exchange for the 4%
equity interest in Healthspan, which our cost was approximately
$20,000. This was recorded as a long-term investment at our
cost. 

The
Company accounts for its ownership interest under the cost method
of accounting as the Company does not have an ability to exercise
significant influence on Healthspan. 

Note
11.                       Commitments
and Contingencies 

Operating Leases 

On
February 29, 2016, the Company entered into a lease amendment to
extend the term of the lease for its laboratory facility located in
Boulder, Colorado through April 2023.  Pursuant to the
lease amendment, the Company will make monthly lease payments
ranging from $23,472 to $27,210, as the payments escalate during
the term of the lease. 

On
March 4, 2016, the Company entered into a lease amendment to lease
an office space located in Rockville, Maryland through April
2021.  Pursuant to the lease amendment, the Company will
make monthly lease payments ranging from $3,450 to $3,883, as the
payments escalate during the term of the lease. 

On
April 14, 2016, the Company entered into a lease to lease an office
and laboratory space located in Longmont, Colorado through
September 2023. Pursuant to the lease, the Company will make
monthly lease payments ranging from $8,586 to $11,518, as payments
escalate during the term of the lease. The Company also agreed to
pay additional lease payments of approximately $800 per month as
the landlord will provide additional improvements to the leased
premises. 

Payments
and future commitments for these leases entered in 2016 are as
follows: 

-14- 

Table of Contents  

Note
12.                       Subsequent
Events 

Subsequent to the
period ended October 1, 2016, the Company entered into a business
financing agreement ( Financing Agreement ) with
Western Alliance Bank ( Western Alliance ), in order to
establish a formula based revolving credit line pursuant to which
the Company may borrow an aggregate principal amount of up to
$5,000,000, subject to the terms and conditions of the Financing
Agreement. Upon execution of the Financing Agreement, the Company
paid a $25,000 facility fee and a $900 due diligence fee to Western
Alliance. 

The
interest rate will be calculated at a floating rate per month equal
to (a) the greater of (i) 3.50% per year or (ii) the Prime Rate
published in the Money Rates section of the Western Edition of The
Wall Street Journal, or such other rate of interest publicly
announced by Lender as its Prime Rate, plus (b) 2.50 percentage
points, plus an additional 5.00 percentage points during any period
that an event of default has occurred and is continuing. The
Company s obligations under the Financing Agreement are
secured by a security interest in substantially all of the
Company s current and future personal property assets,
including intellectual property. 

Any
borrowings, interest or other fees or obligations that the Company
owes Western Alliance pursuant to the Financing Agreement (the
 Obligations ) will be become due and payable on
November 4, 2018. If the Financing Agreement is terminated prior to
November 4, 2017, the Company will pay a termination fee of $50,000
to Western Alliance, provided that such termination fee will be
waived in the event that the Company refinances with Western
Alliance. 

The
Financing Agreement includes quick ratio, EBDAS and minimum revenue
financial covenants. 

Pursuant to an
exclusive placement and advisory agreement by and among the
Company, Trump Securities LLC ( Trump ) and Credo 180,
LLC, the Company paid Trump a consulting fee of $100,000 in
connection with the execution of the Financing
Agreement. 

-15- 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.    M ANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION   AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Certain statements in this Management's Discussion and Analysis
( MD A ), other than purely historical information,
including estimates, projections, statements relating to our
business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the
assumptions upon which those statements are based, are
"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements generally can
be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as
 may,   would,   expect, 
 intend,   could,   estimate, 
 should,   anticipate,  or
 believe,  and similar
expressions.  Forward-looking statements are based on
current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and
uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements. We undertake no
obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events,
or otherwise.  Readers should carefully review the risk
factors and related notes   set forth below in Part II,
Item 1A,  Risk Factors  and included under Part I, Item
1A,  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended January 2, 2016 filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 17, 2016 (our  Annual
Report ).  

The following MD A is intended to help readers understand the
results of our operation and financial condition, and is provided
as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our
Interim Unaudited Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes
to Interim Unaudited Financial Statements under Part 1, Item 1 of
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Growth and percentage comparisons made herein generally refer to
the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016 compared with the
three and nine months ended October 3, 2015 unless otherwise noted.
Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise
requires, all references in this document to  we, 
 us,   our,  the  Company,  and
similar expressions refer to ChromaDex Corp., and depending on the
context, its subsidiaries. 

Overview 

The
Company leverages its complementary business units to discover,
acquire, develop and commercialize patented and proprietary
ingredient technologies that address the dietary supplement, food,
beverage, skin care and pharmaceutical markets. In addition to the
Company s ingredient technologies unit, the Company also has
business units focused on natural product fine chemicals, chemistry
and analytical testing services, and product regulatory and safety
consulting. As a result of the Company s relationships with
leading universities and research institutions, the Company is able
to discover and license early stage, Intellectual Property-backed
ingredient technologies. We utilize our in-house chemistry,
regulatory and safety consulting business units to develop
commercially viable ingredients. The Company s ingredient
portfolio is backed with clinical and scientific research, as well
as extensive Intellectual Property protection. 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations is based on our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles ( GAAP ). The preparation of these financial
statements requires our management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported
revenues, if any, and expenses during the reporting periods. On an
ongoing basis, we evaluate such estimates and judgments, including
those described in greater detail below. We base our estimates on
historical experience and on various other factors that we believe
are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

-16- 

Table of Contents  

As of
October 1, 2016, the Company had approximately $2,265,000 cash and
cash equivalents on hand. Subsequent to the period ended October 1,
2016, the Company entered into a business financing agreement with
Western Alliance Bank, in order to establish a formula based
revolving credit line up to $5.0 million. We anticipate that our
current cash, cash equivalents, cash to be generated from
operations and the established $5.0 million revolving credit line
will be sufficient to meet our projected operating plans through at
least November 11, 2017. We may, however, seek additional capital
prior to November 11, 2017, both to meet our projected operating
plans after November 11, 2017 and/or to fund our longer term
strategic objectives. 

Additional
capital may come from public and/or private stock or debt
offerings, borrowings under lines of credit or other sources. These
additional funds may not be available on favorable terms, or at
all. Further, if we issue equity or debt securities to raise
additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution
and the new equity or debt securities we issue may have rights,
preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing
stockholders. In addition, if we raise additional funds through
collaboration, licensing or other similar arrangements, it may be
necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our products or
proprietary technologies, or to grant licenses on terms that are
not favorable to us. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms,
we may not be able to develop or enhance our products, obtain the
required regulatory clearances or approvals, achieve long term
strategic objectives, take advantage of future opportunities, or
respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated customer
requirements. Any of these events could adversely affect our
ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals,
which could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to
establish small to medium scale production capabilities through our
own plant or though collaboration, we may be unable to fulfill our
customers  requirements. This may cause a loss of future
revenue streams as well as require us to look for third-party
vendors to provide these services. These vendors may not be
available, or charge fees that prevent us from pricing
competitively within our markets. 

Some of
our operations are subject to regulation by various state and
federal agencies. In addition, we expect a significant increase in
the regulation of our target markets. Dietary supplements are
subject to FDA, FTC and U.S. Department of Agriculture regulations
relating to composition, labeling and advertising claims. These
regulations may in some cases, particularly with respect to those
applicable to new ingredients, require a notification that must be
submitted to the FDA along with evidence of safety. There are
similar regulations related to food additives. 

Results of Operations 

Our net
sales and net loss for the three- and nine-month periods ending on
October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 were as follows: 

During
the nine months ended October 1, 2016, we have invested
approximately $629,000 in a pilot plant facility in Longmont,
Colorado, which the Company recently entered into a lease for,
effective from July 2016 through September 2023. Over the next six
months, we plan to invest approximately additional $600,000 in this
pilot plant facility. The pilot plant facility will have the
capability of manufacturing, at a process scale, products that we
are planning to take to market as well as enable us to explore cost
savings processes for existing products. In addition, subject to
available financial resources, we plan to continue to increase
research and development efforts for our line of proprietary
ingredients. 

-17- 

Table of Contents  

Net
Sales 

Net
sales   consist of gross
sales less discounts and returns. 

The decrease in
sales for the ingredients segment for the three months ended
October 1, 2016 is mainly due to decreased sales of
 NIAGEN .  Certain customers that placed large
orders during the period ended October 3, 2015 did not place orders
of similar size during the three months ended October 1, 2015. For
the nine months ended October 1, 2016, the sales increased compared
to the previous year due to increased sales of
 NIAGEN   and
 PTEROPURE .  

The increase in
sales for the core standards and contract services segment is
primarily due to increased sales of analytical testing and contract
services. 

The increase in
sales for the scientific and regulatory consulting segment for the
three months ended October 1, 2016 is due to the timing of
completion of consulting projects for customers. The decrease in
sales for the nine months ended October 1, 2016 is primarily due to
a further emphasis on intercompany work supporting our ingredients
segment. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost of
sales include raw   materials, labor, overhead, and
delivery costs. 

The
cost of sales, as a percentage of net sales, decreased 2% and 6%
for the three- and nine-month periods ended October 1, 2016,
respectively, compared to the comparable periods in
2015. 

The decrease in
cost of sales, as a percentage of net sales, for the ingredients
segment is largely due to price reductions from our suppliers
through increased purchase volumes.     

-18- 

Table of Contents  

The cost of sales,
as a percentage of net sales for the core standards and contract
services segment, decreased 7% and 5% for the three- and nine-month
periods ended October 1, 2016, respectively, compared to the
comparable periods in 2015. The increase in analytical testing and
contract services sales led to a higher labor utilization rate,
which resulted in lowering our cost of sales as a percentage of net
sales. 

The percentage
increase in cost of sales for the scientific and regulatory
consulting segment is largely due to a further emphasis on
intercompany work. Fixed labor costs make up the majority of costs
for the consulting segment. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit is net sales less the cost of sales and is affected by a
number of factors including product mix, competitive pricing and
costs of products and services. 

The decreased gross
profit for the ingredients segment for the three months ended
October 1, 2016 is due to the decreased sales of
 NIAGEN .  For the nine months ended October 1,
2016, the gross profit for the ingredients segment increased due to
the increased sales of the ingredient portfolio we offer, coupled
with lower prices from our suppliers due to increased purchase
volumes. 

The increased gross
profit for the core standards and contract services segment is
largely due to the increased sale of analytical testing and
contract services. Fixed labor costs make up the majority of costs
for analytical testing and contract services and these fixed labor
costs did not increase in proportion to sales, hence yielding
higher profit margin. 

The decreased gross
profit for the scientific and regulatory consulting segment for the
nine months ended October 1, 2016 is largely due to a greater focus
on intercompany work supporting our ingredients
segment.    

-19- 

Table of Contents  

Operating
Expenses-Sales and Marketing 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses   consist of salaries, advertising
and marketing expenses. 

For the ingredients
segment, the decrease for the three months ended October 1, 2016 is
largely due to reduction in payroll expense as certain employees
resigned. Subsequent to the period ended October 1, 2016, the
Company hired a new employee to replace their positions. In
addition, there was a decrease in third party commission expenses,
as sales to certain customers that Company pays commissions on
decreased. For the nine months ended October 1, 2016, the increase
is largely due to increased marketing efforts to raise the consumer
awareness for our line of proprietary ingredients. 

For the core
standards and contract services segment, the decrease is largely
due to making certain operational changes as certain personnel who
were previously assigned to sales and marketing group were moved to
an administrative group. We do anticipate increased expenses going
forward as we increase marketing efforts and hire additional
staff. 

For the scientific
and regulatory consulting segment, we had limited sales and
marketing expenses.     

Operating
Expenses-Research and Development 

Research and
Development Expenses mainly consist of clinical trials and process
development expenses. 

For the ingredients
segment, we increased our research and development efforts with a
focus on our  NIAGEN   brand. Subject to available
financial resources, we plan to continue to increase research and
development efforts for our line of proprietary
ingredients. 

For the core
standards and contract services segment, we explored processes to
develop certain compounds at a larger scale during the three and
nine months ended October 1, 2016. 

-20- 

Table of Contents  

Operating
Expenses-General and Administrative 

General
and Administrative   Expenses consist of general
company administration, IT, accounting and executive
management.    

The increase was
primarily related to patent maintenance. For the three- and
nine-month periods ended October 1, 2016, our patent maintenance
expense increased to approximately $133,000 and $476,000, compared
to approximately $70,000 and $226,000 for the comparable periods in
2015, respectively. 

Another factor that
contributed to the increase for the three- and nine-month periods
ended October 1, 2016 was an increase of approximately $126,000 and
$380,000, respectively, in expenses associated with administrative
staff. We made certain operational changes as certain personnel who
were previously assigned to our sales and marketing group were
moved to an administrative group in 2016. 

Another factor that
contributed to the increase in general and administrative expense
was an increase in royalties we pay to patent holders as the sales
for licensed products increased in 2016. For the nine-month period
ended October 1, 2016, royalty expense increased to approximately
$519,000, compared to approximately $430,000 for the comparable
period in 2015. 

Also, during the
nine-month period ended October 1, 2016, there were one-time
expenses of approximately $89,000 associated with the initial
listing of the Company s stock in the NASDAQ Capital
Market. 

These increases in
expenses were offset by the decrease in share-based compensation
expense. For the three- and nine-month periods ended October 1,
2016, our share-based compensation expense decreased to
approximately $272,000 and $930,000, compared to approximately
$433,000 and $1,657,000 for the comparable periods in 2015,
respectively. 

Non-operating
income- Interest Income 

Interest income
consists of interest earned on   money market accounts. Interest
income for the nine-month period ended October 1, 2016 was
approximately $2,000, identical compared to approximately $2,000
for the nine-month period ended October 3, 2015. 

Non-operating
Expenses- Interest Expense 

Interest expense
consists of interest on loan   payable and capital
leases. 

The decrease in
interest expense was mainly related to the Loan Agreement, from
which the Company drew down an initial $2.5 million on September
29, 2014 and a second $2.5 million on June 18, 2015. The Company
fully repaid the loan on June 14, 2016.     

-21- 

Table of Contents  

Income
Taxes 

At
October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, the Company maintained a full
valuation allowance against the entire deferred income tax balance
which resulted in an effective tax rate of approximately 0% for the
nine-month periods ended October 1, 2016 and October 3,
2015. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
expense for the nine-month period ended October 1, 2016 was
approximately $234,000 as compared to $210,000 for the nine-month
period ended October 3, 2015. We depreciate our assets on a
straight-line basis, based on the estimated useful lives of the
respective assets. 

Amortization
expense of intangible assets for the nine-month period ended
October 1, 2016 was approximately $63,000 as compared to $32,000
for the nine-month period ended October 3, 2015. We amortize
intangible assets using a straight-line method, generally over 10
years. For licensed patent rights, the useful lives are 10 years or
the remaining term of the patents underlying licensing rights,
whichever is shorter. The useful lives of subsequent milestone
payments that are capitalized are the remaining useful life of the
initial licensing payment that was capitalized. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

From
inception and through October 1, 2016, we have incurred aggregate
losses of approximately $43 million. These losses are primarily due
to expenses associated with the development and expansion of our
operations. These operations have been financed through capital
contributions, the issuance of common stock and warrants through
private placements, and the issuance of debt. 

Our
board of directors periodically reviews our capital requirements in
light of our proposed business plan. Our future capital
requirements will remain dependent upon a variety of factors,
including cash flow from operations, the ability to increase sales,
increasing our gross profits from current levels, reducing selling
and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales, continued
development of customer relationships, and our ability to market
our new products successfully. However, based on our results from
operations, we may determine that we need additional financing to
implement our business plan. There can be no assurance that any
such financing will be available on terms favorable to us or at
all. Without adequate financing we may have to further delay or
terminate product and service expansion and curtail certain
selling, general and administrative expenses. Any inability to
raise additional financing would have a material adverse effect on
us. 

Subsequent to the
period ended October 1, 2016, the Company entered into a business
financing agreement with Western Alliance Bank, in order to
establish a formula based revolving credit line up to $5.0 million.
While, we anticipate that our current cash, cash equivalents, cash
to be generated from operations and the established $5.0 million
revolving credit line will be sufficient to meet our projected
operating plans through at least November 11, 2017, we may seek
additional capital prior to November 11, 2017, both to meet our
projected operating plans through and after November 11, 2017 and
to fund our longer term strategic objectives. To the extent we are
unable to raise additional cash or generate sufficient revenue to
meet our projected operating plans prior to November 11, 2017, we
will revise our projected operating plans accordingly. 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended October
1, 2016 was approximately $3,128,000 as compared to approximately
$1,258,000 for the nine months ended October 3, 2015. An increase
in trade receivables and a decrease in accounts payable were the
largest uses of cash during the nine-month period ended October 1,
2016, partially offset by the decrease in inventories. Net cash
used in operating activities for the nine months ended October 3,
2015 largely reflects an increase in trade receivables and
inventories along with the net loss. 

We
expect our operating cash flows to fluctuate significantly in
future periods as a result of fluctuations in our operating
results, shipment timetables, accounts receivable collections,
inventory management, and the timing of our payments, among other
factors. 

-22- 

Table of Contents  

Net cash used in investing activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately $1,146,000 for
the nine months ended October 1, 2016, compared to approximately
$350,000 for the nine months ended October 3, 2015. Net cash used
in investing activities for the nine months ended October 1, 2016
consisted of purchases of leasehold improvements and equipment and
intangible assets. Net cash used in investing activities for the
nine months ended October 3, 2015 also consisted of purchases of
leasehold improvements and equipment and intangible
assets. 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately $989,000
for the nine months ended October 1, 2016, compared to
approximately $2,352,000 for the nine months ended October 3, 2015.
Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended
October 1, 2016 mainly consisted of proceeds from issuances of our
common stock and warrants through a private offering to our
existing stockholders and exercise of stock options, offset by
principal payments on loan payable and capital leases. Net cash
provided by financing activities for the nine months ended October
3, 2015 mainly consisted of proceeds from loan
payable. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

During
the nine months ended October 1, 2016, there were no material
changes outside of the ordinary course of business in the specified
contractual obligations disclosed in  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations,  as contained in our Annual Report, other than as
disclosed in  Item 1 Financial Statements  of this
Quarterly Report. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

During
the nine months ended October 1, 2016, we had no significant
off-balance sheet arrangements other than ordinary operating leases
as disclosed in  Item 1 Financial Statements  of this
Quarterly Report and the  Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data  section of our Annual
Report. 

ITEM 3.  Q UANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Interest Rate Risk 

Our
capital lease obligations bear interest at a fixed rate and
therefore have no exposure to changes in interest
rates. 

The
Company s cash investments consist of short term, high liquid
investments in money market funds managed by banks. Due to the
short-term duration of our investment portfolio and the relatively
low risk profile of our investments, a sudden change in interest
rates would not have a material effect on either the fair market
value of our portfolio, or our operating results or cash
flows. 

Foreign Currency Risk 

All of
our long-lived assets are located within the United States and we
do not hold any foreign currency denominated financial
instruments. 

Effects of Inflation 

We do
not believe that inflation and changing prices during the nine
months ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 had a significant
impact on our results of operations. 

-23- 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.  C ONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, respectively), evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to
Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control
objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and
procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment
in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures
relative to their costs. 

Based
on our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that, as of October 1, 2016, our
disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable
assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance
that information we are required to disclose in reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

An
evaluation was also performed under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of any change in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a 15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended) that occurred during our last fiscal quarter and
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. There were
no changes in internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the Company s third fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

-24- 

Table of Contents  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  L EGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

We are
not involved in any legal proceedings which management believes may
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, operations, cash flows, or prospects. The Company from
time to time is involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary
course of our business, which can include employment claims,
product claim, patent infringement, etc. We do not believe that any
of these claims and proceedings against us as they arise are likely
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect on our financial condition or results of
operations. 

ITEM 1A.  R ISK FACTORS 

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.
Current investors and potential investors should consider carefully
the risks and uncertainties described below and in our Annual
Report, together with all other information contained in this Form
10-Q and our Annual Report, including our financial statements, the
related notes and  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  before
making investment decisions with respect to our common stock. If
any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and our future growth prospects
would likely be materially and adversely affected. Under these
circumstances, the trading price and value of our common stock
could decline, and you may lose of all or part of your investment.
The risks and uncertainties described in this Form 10-Q and in
our Annual Report are not the only ones facing our Company.
Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are not presently
aware, or that we currently consider immaterial, may also impair
our business operations. The risk factors set forth below that are
marked with an asterisk (*) contain changes to the similarly
titled risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual
Report. 

Risks
Related to our Company and our Business 

*We have a history of operating losses and we may need additional
financing to meet our future long-term capital
requirements. 

We have
recorded a net loss of approximately $781,000 for the nine months
ended October 1, 2016, and we have a history of losses and may
continue to incur operating and net losses for the foreseeable
future. We incurred net losses of approximately $2,771,000,
$5,388,000 and $4,420,000 for the years ended January 2, 2016,
January 3, 2015 and December 28, 2013, respectively. As of October
1, 2016, our accumulated deficit was approximately $43.1 million.
We have not achieved profitability on an annual basis. We may not
be able to reach a level of revenue to continue to achieve and
sustain profitability. If our revenues grow slower than
anticipated, or if operating expenses exceed expectations, then we
may not be able to achieve and sustain profitability in the near
future or at all, which may depress our stock price. 

Subsequent to the
period ended October 1, 2016, we entered into a business financing
agreement with Western Alliance Bank, in order to establish a
formula based revolving credit line up to $5.0 million. While, we
anticipate that our current cash, cash equivalents, cash to be
generated from operations and the established $5.0 million
revolving credit line will be sufficient to meet our projected
operating plans through at least November 11, 2017, we may require
additional funds, either through additional equity or debt
financings or collaborative agreements or from other sources. We
have no commitments to obtain such additional financing, and we may
not be able to obtain any such additional financing on terms
favorable to us, or at all. In the event that we are unable to
obtain additional financing, we may be unable to implement our
business plan. Even with such financing, we have a history of
operating losses and there can be no assurance that we will be able
to continue to achieve and sustain profitability. 

-25- 

Table of Contents  

*Our short-term capital needs are uncertain and we may need to
raise additional funds. Based on current market conditions, such
funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at
all. 

Subsequent to the
period ended October 1, 2016, we entered into a business financing
agreement with Western Alliance Bank, in order to establish a
formula based revolving credit line up to $5.0 million. We
anticipate that our current cash, cash equivalents, cash to be
generated from operations and the established $5.0 million
revolving credit line will be sufficient to meet our projected
operating plans through at least November 11, 2017. Our capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the
revenues generated by sales of our products; 

the
costs associated with expanding our sales and marketing efforts,
including efforts to hire independent agents and sales
representatives and obtain required regulatory approvals and
clearances; 

the
expenses we incur in developing and commercializing our products,
including the cost of obtaining and maintaining regulatory
approvals; and 

unanticipated
general and administrative expenses. 

As a
result of these factors, we may seek to raise additional capital
prior to November 11, 2017 both to meet our projected operating
plans after November 11, 2017 and to fund our longer term strategic
objectives. Additional capital may come from public and private
equity or debt offerings, borrowings under lines of credit or other
sources. These additional funds may not be available on favorable
terms, or at all. There can be no assurance we will be successful
in raising these additional funds. Furthermore, if we issue equity
or debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing
stockholders may experience dilution and the new equity or debt
securities we issue may have rights, preferences and privileges
senior to those of our existing stockholders. In addition, if we
raise additional funds through collaboration, licensing or other
similar arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable
rights to our products or proprietary technologies, or grant
licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we cannot raise
funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to develop or enhance
our products, obtain the required regulatory clearances or
approvals, execute our business plan, take advantage of future
opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated
customer requirements. Any of these events could adversely affect
our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals,
which could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

*We currently have a disagreement with a significant customer, and
a disruption in sales to or the ability to collect from this
customer, or other significant customers in the future, could
materially harm our financial results. 

We
currently have a disagreement over the interpretation of certain
terms of a supply agreement with a customer that we expect will
represent greater than 10% of our net sales for the year
ending December 31, 2016. Because of the disagreement,
this customer has not paid us approximately $3.0 million for
previous purchase orders. We may not collect the full amount owed
to us by this customer, we may have to discount future sales to
this customer and we may have to spend money, time and effort to
resolve this disagreement. If we don t come to a satisfactory
resolution, we cannot guarantee that the customer will continue to
make purchases at previous volumes or prices, which may harm our
future sales if we cannot replace their volume with other existing
and new customers and which may materially affect our future
financial results. 

Going
forward, we may have additional customers which we become highly
dependent on. Factors that could influence our relationship with
our significant customer and other customers which we may become
highly dependent on include: 

our
ability to maintain our products at prices that are competitive
with those of our competitors; 

our
ability to maintain quality levels for our products sufficient to
meet the expectations of our customers; 

our
ability to produce, ship and deliver a sufficient quantity of our
products in a timely manner to meet the needs of our
customers; 

our
ability to continue to develop and launch new products that our
customers feel meet their needs and requirements, with respect to
cost, timeliness, features, performance and other
factors; 

our
ability to provide timely, responsive and accurate customer support
to our customers; and 

the
ability of our customers to effectively deliver, market and
increase sales of their own products based on ours. 

-26- 

Table of Contents  

Decline in the state of the global economy and financial market
conditions could adversely affect our ability to conduct business
and our results of operations . 

Global
economic and financial market conditions, including disruptions in
the credit markets and the impact of the global economic
deterioration may materially impact our customers and other parties
with whom we do business. These conditions could negatively affect
our future sales of our ingredient line as many consumers consider
the purchase of nutritional products discretionary. Decline in
general economic and financial market conditions could materially
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Specifically, the impact of these volatile and negative conditions
may include decreased demand for our products and services, a
decrease in our ability to accurately forecast future product
trends and demand, and a negative impact on our ability to timely
collect receivables from our customers. The foregoing economic
conditions may lead to increased levels of bankruptcies,
restructurings and liquidations for our customers, scaling back of
research and development expenditures, delays in planned projects
and shifts in business strategies for many of our customers. Such
events could, in turn, adversely affect our business through loss
of sales. 

We can provide no assurance that we will successfully expand
operations. 

Our
significant increase in the scope and the scale of our product
launch, including the hiring of additional personnel, has resulted
in significantly higher operating expenses. As a result, we
anticipate that our operating expenses will continue to increase.
Expansion of our operations may also cause a significant demand on
our management, finances and other resources. Our ability to manage
the anticipated future growth, should it occur, will depend upon a
significant expansion of our accounting and other internal
management systems and the implementation and subsequent
improvement of a variety of systems, procedures and controls. There
can be no assurance that significant problems in these areas will
not occur. Any failure to expand these areas and implement and
improve such systems, procedures and controls in an efficient
manner at a pace consistent with our business could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. There can be no assurance that our attempts to expand
our marketing, sales, manufacturing and customer support efforts
will be successful or will result in additional sales or
profitability in any future period. As a result of the expansion of
our operations and the anticipated increase in our operating
expenses, as well as the difficulty in forecasting revenue levels,
we expect to continue to experience significant fluctuations in its
results of operations. 

The success of our ingredient business is linked to the size and
growth rate of the vitamin, mineral and dietary supplement market
and an adverse change in the size or growth rate of that market
could have a material adverse effect on us. 

An
adverse change in the size or growth rate of the vitamin, mineral
and dietary supplement market could have a material adverse effect
on our business. Underlying market conditions are subject to change
based on economic conditions, consumer preferences and other
factors that are beyond our control, including media attention and
scientific research, which may be positive or
negative. 

Unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of our products and
any similar products distributed by other companies could have a
material adverse effect on our business. 

We
believe the nutritional supplement market is highly dependent upon
consumer perception regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of
nutritional supplements generally, as well as of products
distributed specifically by us. Consumer perception of our products
can be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings,
regulatory investigations, litigation, national media attention and
other publicity regarding the consumption of nutritional
supplements. We cannot assure you that future scientific research,
findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or
other favorable research findings or publicity will be favorable to
the nutritional supplement market or any particular product, or
consistent with earlier publicity. Future research reports,
findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or
other publicity that are perceived as less favorable than, or that
question, such earlier research   reports, findings or publicity
could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products
and consequently on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. 

-27- 

Table of Contents  

Our
dependence upon consumer perceptions means that adverse scientific
research reports, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation,
media attention or other publicity, whether or not accurate or with
merit, could have a material adverse effect on the   demand for our products, the
availability and pricing of our ingredients, and our business,
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further,
adverse public reports or other media attention regarding the
safety, efficacy and quality of nutritional supplements in general,
or our products specifically, or associating the consumption of
nutritional supplements with illness, could have such a material
adverse effect.  Any such adverse public reports or other
media attention could arise even if the adverse effects associated
with such products resulted from consumers  failure to
consume such products appropriately or as directed and the content
of such public reports and other media attention may be beyond our
control. 

We may incur material product liability claims, which could
increase our costs and adversely affect our reputation, revenues
and operating income . 

As an
ingredient supplier, marketer and manufacturer of products designed
for human and animal consumption, we are subject to product
liability claims if the use of our products is alleged to have
resulted in injury. Our products consist of vitamins, minerals,
herbs and other ingredients that are classified as foods, dietary
supplements, or natural health products, and, in most cases, are
not necessarily subject to pre-market regulatory approval in the
United States. Some of our products contain innovative ingredients
that do not have long histories of human consumption. Previously
unknown   adverse
reactions resulting from human consumption of these ingredients
could occur. In addition, the products we sell are produced by
third-party manufacturers. As a marketer of products manufactured
by third parties, we also may be liable for various product
liability claims for products we do not manufacture. We may, in the
future, be subject to various product liability claims, including,
among others, that our products include inadequate instructions for
use or inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects and
interactions with other substances. A product liability claim
against us could result in increased costs and could adversely
affect our reputation with our customers, which, in turn, could
have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We acquire a significant amount of key ingredients for our products
from foreign suppliers, and may be negatively affected by the risks
associated with international trade and importation
issues . 

We
acquire a significant amount of key ingredients for a number of our
products from suppliers outside of the United States, particularly
India and China.  Accordingly, the acquisition of these
ingredients is subject to the risks generally associated with
importing raw materials, including, among other factors, delays in
shipments, changes in economic and political conditions, quality
assurance, nonconformity to specifications or laws and regulations,
tariffs, trade disputes and foreign currency   fluctuations.  While we
have a supplier certification program and audit and inspect our
suppliers  facilities as necessary both in the United States
and internationally, we cannot assure you that raw materials
received from suppliers outside of the United States will conform
to all specifications, laws and regulations.  There have
in the past been quality and safety issues in our industry with
certain items imported from overseas.  We may incur
additional expenses and experience shipment delays due to
preventative measures adopted by the Indian and U.S. governments,
our suppliers and our company. 

The insurance industry has become more selective in offering some
types of coverage and we may not be able to obtain insurance
coverage in the future . 

The
insurance industry has become more selective in offering some types
of insurance, such as product liability, product recall, property
and directors  and officers  liability insurance. Our
current insurance program is consistent with both our past level of
coverage and our risk management policies. However, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to obtain comparable insurance
coverage on favorable terms, or at all, in the
future.  Certain of our customers as well as prospective
customers require that we maintain minimum levels of coverage for
our products. Lack of coverage or coverage below these minimum
required levels could cause these customers to materially change
business terms or to cease doing business with us
entirely. 

-28- 

Table of Contents  

We depend on key personnel, the loss of any of which could
negatively affect our business . 

We
depend greatly on Frank L. Jaksch, Jr., Thomas C. Varvaro and Troy
A. Rhonemus who are our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Operating Officer, respectively. We also depend
greatly on other key employees, including key scientific and
marketing personnel. In general, only highly qualified and trained
scientists have the necessary skills to develop our products and
provide our services. Only marketing personnel with specific
experience and knowledge in health care are able to effectively
market our products.  In addition, some of our
manufacturing, quality control, safety and compliance, information
technology, sales and e-commerce related positions are highly
technical as well. We face intense competition for these
professionals from our competitors, customers, marketing partners
and other companies throughout   the industries in which we
compete. Our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to
attract and retain additional skilled personnel, which will require
substantial additional funds. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to find and attract additional qualified employees or
retain any such personnel. Our inability to hire qualified
personnel, the loss of services of our key personnel, or the loss
of services of executive officers or key employees that may be
hired in the future may have a material and adverse effect on our
business. 

*Our operating results may fluctuate significantly as a result of a
variety of factors, many of which are outside of our
control. 

We are
subject to the following factors, among others, that may negatively
affect our operating results: 

the
announcement or introduction of new products by our
competitors; 

our
ability to upgrade and develop our systems and infrastructure to
accommodate growth; 

the
decision by significant customers to reduce purchases; 

our
ability to attract and retain key personnel in a timely and cost
effective manner; 

technical
difficulties; 

the
amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures
relating to the expansion of our business, operations and
infrastructure; 

regulation by
federal, state or local governments; and 

general economic
conditions as well as economic conditions specific to the
healthcare industry. 

As a
result of our limited operating history and the nature of the
markets in which we compete, it is extremely difficult for us to
make accurate forecasts. We have based our current and future
expense levels largely on our investment plans and estimates of
future events although certain of our expense levels are, to a
large extent, fixed. Assuming our products reach the market, we may
be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for
any unexpected revenue shortfall. Accordingly, any significant
shortfall in revenues relative to our planned expenditures would
have an immediate adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. Further, as a strategic
response to changes in the competitive environment, we may from
time to time make certain pricing, service or marketing decisions
that could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. Due to the foregoing
factors, our revenues and operating results are and will remain
difficult to forecast. 

The
markets for our products and services are both competitive and
price sensitive. Many of our competitors have significant
financial, operations, sales and marketing resources and experience
in research and development. Competitors could develop new
technologies that compete with our products and services or even
render our products obsolete. If a competitor develops superior
technology or cost-effective alternatives to our products and
services, our business could be seriously harmed. 

-29- 

Table of Contents  

The
markets for some of our products are also subject to specific
competitive risks because these markets are highly price
competitive. Our competitors have competed in the past by lowering
prices on certain products. If they do so again, we may be forced
to respond by lowering our prices. This would reduce sales revenues
and increase losses. Failure to anticipate and respond to price
competition may also impact sales and aggravate
losses. 

We
believe that customers in our markets display a significant amount
of loyalty to their supplier of a particular product. To the extent
we are not the first to develop, offer and/or supply new products,
customers may buy from our competitors or make materials
themselves, causing our competitive position to
suffer. 

Many of our competitors are larger and have greater financial and
other resources than we do. 

Our
products compete and will compete with other similar products
produced by our competitors. These competitive products could be
marketed by well-established, successful companies that possess
greater financial, marketing, distributional, personnel and other
resources than we possess. Using these resources, these companies
can implement extensive advertising and promotional campaigns, both
generally and in response to specific marketing efforts by
competitors, and enter into new markets more rapidly to introduce
new products. In certain instances, competitors with greater
financial resources also may be able to enter a market in direct
competition with us, offering attractive marketing tools to
encourage the sale of products that compete with our products or
present cost features that consumers may find
attractive. 

We may never develop any additional products to
commercialize. 

We have
invested a substantial amount of our time and resources in
developing various new products. Commercialization of these
products will require additional development, clinical evaluation,
regulatory approval, significant marketing efforts and substantial
additional investment before they can provide us with any revenue.
Despite our efforts, these products may not become commercially
successful products for a number of reasons, including but not
limited to: 

we may
not be able to obtain regulatory approvals for our products, or the
approved indication may be narrower than we seek; 

our
products may not prove to be safe and effective in clinical
trials; 

we may
experience delays in our development program; 

any
products that are approved may not be accepted in the
marketplace; 

we may
not have adequate financial or other resources to complete the
development or to commence the commercialization of our products or
will not have adequate financial or other resources to achieve
significant commercialization of our products; 

we may
not be able to manufacture any of our products in commercial
quantities or at an acceptable cost; 

rapid
technological change may make our products obsolete; 

we may be unable to
effectively protect our intellectual property rights or we may
become subject to claims that our activities have infringed the
intellectual property rights of others; and 

we may
be unable to obtain or defend patent rights for our
products.  

-30- 

Table of Contents  

We may not be able to partner with others for technological
capabilities and new products and services. 

Our
ability to remain competitive may depend, in part, on our ability
to continue to seek partners that can offer technological
improvements and improve existing products and services that are
offered to our customers. We are committed to attempting to keep
pace with technological change, to stay abreast of technology
changes and to look for partners that will develop new products and
services for our customer base. We cannot assure prospective
investors that we will be successful in finding partners or be able
to continue to incorporate new developments in technology, to
improve existing products and services, or to develop successful
new products and services, nor can we be certain that
newly-developed products and services will perform satisfactorily
or be widely accepted in the marketplace or that the costs involved
in these efforts will not be substantial. 

If we fail to maintain adequate quality standards for our products
and services, our business may be adversely affected and our
reputation harmed. 

Dietary
supplement, nutraceutical, food and beverage, functional food,
analytical laboratories, pharmaceutical and cosmetic customers are
often subject to rigorous quality standards to obtain and maintain
regulatory approval of their products and the manufacturing
processes that generate them. A failure to maintain, or, in some
instances, upgrade our quality standards to meet our
customers  needs, could cause damage to our reputation and
potentially substantial sales losses. 

Our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary
technology through patents and other means is uncertain and may be
inadequate, which would have a material and adverse effect on
us. 

Our
success depends significantly on our ability to protect our
proprietary rights to the technologies used in our products. We
rely on patent protection, as well as a combination of copyright,
trade secret and trademark laws and nondisclosure, confidentiality
and other contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary
technology, including our licensed technology. However, these legal
means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect
our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage.
For example, our pending United States and foreign patent
applications may not issue as patents in a form that will be
advantageous to us or may issue and be subsequently successfully
challenged by others and invalidated. In addition, our pending
patent applications include claims to material aspects of our
products and procedures that are not currently protected by issued
patents. Both the patent application process and the process of
managing patent disputes can be time-consuming and expensive.
Competitors may be able to design around our patents or develop
products which provide outcomes which are comparable or even
superior to ours. Steps that we have taken to protect our
intellectual property and proprietary technology, including
entering into confidentiality agreements and intellectual property
assignment agreements with some of our officers, employees,
consultants and advisors, may not provide us with meaningful
protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information
in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of
the agreements. Furthermore, the laws of foreign countries may not
protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do
the laws of the United States. 

In the
event a competitor infringes upon our licensed or pending patent or
other intellectual property rights, enforcing those rights may be
costly, uncertain, difficult and time consuming. Even if
successful, litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights
or to defend our patents against challenge could be expensive and
time consuming and could divert our management s attention.
We may not have sufficient resources to enforce our intellectual
property rights or to defend our patents rights against a
challenge. The failure to obtain patents and/or protect our
intellectual property rights could have a material and adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our patents and licenses may be subject to challenge on validity
grounds, and our patent applications may be rejected. 

We rely
on our patents, patent applications, licenses and other
intellectual property rights to give us a competitive advantage.
Whether a patent is valid, or whether a patent application should
be granted, is a complex matter of science and law, and therefore
we cannot be certain that, if challenged, our patents, patent
applications and/or other intellectual property rights would be
upheld. If one or more of those patents, patent applications,
licenses and other intellectual property rights are invalidated,
rejected or found unenforceable, that could reduce or eliminate any
competitive advantage we might otherwise have had. 

-31- 

Table of Contents  

We may become subject to claims of infringement or misappropriation
of the intellectual property rights of others, which could prohibit
us from developing our products, require us to obtain licenses from
third parties or to develop non-infringing alternatives and subject
us to substantial monetary damages. 

Third
parties could, in the future, assert infringement or
misappropriation claims against us with respect to products we
develop. Whether a product infringes a patent or misappropriates
other intellectual property involves complex legal and factual
issues, the determination of which is often uncertain. Therefore,
we cannot be certain that we have not infringed the intellectual
property rights of others. Our potential competitors may assert
that some aspect of our product infringes their patents. Because
patent applications may take years to issue, there also may be
applications now pending of which we are unaware that may later
result in issued patents upon which our products could infringe.
There also may be existing patents or pending patent applications
of which we are unaware upon which our products may inadvertently
infringe. 

Any
infringement or misappropriation claim could cause us to incur
significant costs, place significant strain on our financial
resources, divert management s attention from our business
and harm our reputation. If the relevant patents in such claim were
upheld as valid and enforceable and we were found to infringe them,
we could be prohibited from selling any product that is found to
infringe unless we could obtain licenses to use the technology
covered by the patent or are able to design around the patent. We
may be unable to obtain such a license on terms acceptable to us,
if at all, and we may not be able to redesign our products to avoid
infringement. A court could also order us to pay compensatory
damages for such infringement, plus prejudgment interest and could,
in addition, treble the compensatory damages and award attorney
fees. These damages could be substantial and could harm our
reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. A
court also could enter orders that temporarily, preliminarily or
permanently enjoin us and our customers from making, using, or
selling products, and could enter an order mandating that we
undertake certain remedial activities. Depending on the nature of
the relief ordered by the court, we could become liable for
additional damages to third parties. 

The prosecution and enforcement of patents licensed to us by third
parties are not within our control. Without these technologies, our
product may not be successful and our business would be harmed if
the patents were infringed on or misappropriated without action by
such third parties. 

We have
obtained licenses from third parties for patents and patent
application rights related to the products we are developing,
allowing us to use intellectual property rights owned by or
licensed to these third parties. We do not control the maintenance,
prosecution, enforcement or strategy for many of these patents or
patent application rights and as such are dependent in part on the
owners of the intellectual property rights to maintain their
viability. Without access to these technologies or suitable
design-around or alternative technology options, our ability to
conduct our business could be impaired significantly. 

We may be subject to damages resulting from claims that we, our
employees, or our independent contractors have wrongfully used or
disclosed alleged trade secrets of others. 

Some of
our employees were previously employed at other dietary supplement,
nutraceutical, food and beverage, functional food, analytical
laboratories, pharmaceutical and cosmetic companies. We may also
hire additional employees who are currently employed at other such
companies, including our competitors. Additionally, consultants or
other independent agents with which we may contract may be or have
been in a contractual arrangement with one or more of our
competitors. We may be subject to claims that these employees or
independent contractors have used or disclosed such other
party s trade secrets or other proprietary information.
Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if
we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation
could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our
management. If we fail to defend such claims, in addition to paying
monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights
or personnel. A loss of key personnel or their work product could
hamper or prevent our ability to market existing or new products,
which could severely harm our business. 

Litigation may harm our business. 

Substantial,
complex or extended litigation could cause us to incur significant
costs and distract our management. For example, lawsuits by
employees, stockholders, collaborators, distributors, customers,
competitors or others could be very costly and substantially
disrupt our business. Disputes from time to time with such
companies, organizations or individuals are not uncommon, and we
cannot assure you that we will always be able to resolve such
disputes or on terms favorable to us. Unexpected results could
cause us to have financial exposure in these matters in excess of
recorded reserves and insurance coverage, requiring us to provide
additional reserves to address these liabilities, therefore
impacting profits. 

-32- 

Table of Contents  

If we are unable to establish or maintain sales, marketing and
distribution capabilities or enter into and maintain arrangements
with third parties to sell, market and distribute our products, our
business may be harmed. 

To
achieve commercial success for our products, we must sell rights to
our product lines and/or technologies at favorable prices, develop
a sales and marketing force, or enter into arrangements with others
to market and sell our products. In addition to being expensive,
developing and maintaining such a sales force is time-consuming,
and could delay or limit the success of any product launch. We may
not be able to develop this capacity on a timely basis or at all.
Qualified direct sales personnel with experience in the
phytochemical industry are in high demand, and there can be no
assurance that we will be able to hire or retain an effective
direct sales team. Similarly, qualified independent sales
representatives both within and outside the United States are in
high demand, and we may not be able to build an effective network
for the distribution of our product through such representatives.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into
contracts with representatives on terms acceptable to us.
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
build an alternate distribution framework should we attempt to do
so. 

We may
also need to contract with third parties in order to market our
products. To the extent that we enter into arrangements with third
parties to perform marketing and distribution services, our product
revenue could be lower and our costs higher than if we directly
marketed our products. Furthermore, to the extent that we enter
into co-promotion or other marketing and sales arrangements with
other companies, any revenue received will depend on the skills and
efforts of others, and we do not know whether these efforts will be
successful. If we are unable to establish and maintain adequate
sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, independently or
with others, we will not be able to generate product revenue, and
may not become profitable. 

Our sales and results of operations depend on our customers 
research and development efforts and their ability to obtain
funding for these efforts. 

Our
customers include researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies, chemical and related companies, academic institutions,
government laboratories and private foundations. Fluctuations in
the research and development budgets of these researchers and their
organizations could have a significant effect on the demand for our
products. Our customers determine their research and development
budgets based on several factors, including the need to develop new
products, the availability of governmental and other funding,
competition and the general availability of resources. As we
continue to expand our international operations, we expect research
and development spending levels in markets outside of the United
States will become increasingly important to us. 

Research and
development budgets fluctuate due to changes in available
resources, spending priorities, general economic conditions,
institutional and governmental budgetary limitations and mergers of
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our business could be
seriously harmed by any significant decrease in life science and
high technology research and development expenditures by our
customers. In particular, a small portion of our sales has been to
researchers whose funding is dependent on grants from government
agencies such as the United States National Institute of Health,
the National Science Foundation, the National Cancer Institute and
similar agencies or organizations. Government funding of research
and development is subject to the political process, which is often
unpredictable. Other departments, such as Homeland Security or
Defense, or general efforts to reduce the United States federal
budget deficit could be viewed by the government as a higher
priority. Any shift away from funding of life science and high
technology research and development or delays surrounding the
approval of governmental budget proposals may cause our customers
to delay or forego purchases of our products and services, which
could seriously damage our business. 

Some of
our customers receive funds from approved grants at a particular
time of year, many times set by government budget cycles. In the
past, such grants have been frozen for extended periods or have
otherwise become unavailable to various institutions without
advance notice. The timing of the receipt of grant funds may affect
the timing of purchase decisions by our customers and, as a result,
cause fluctuations in our sales and operating results. 

-33- 

Table of Contents  

Demand for our products and services are subject to the commercial
success of our customers  products, which may vary for
reasons outside our control. 

Even if
we are successful in securing utilization of our products in a
customer s manufacturing process, sales of many of our
products and services remain dependent on the timing and volume of
the customer s production, over which we have no control. The
demand for our products depends on regulatory approvals and
frequently depends on the commercial success of the
customer s supported product. Regulatory processes are
complex, lengthy, expensive, and can often take years to
complete. 

We may bear financial risk if we under-price our contracts or
overrun cost estimates. 

In
cases where our contracts are structured as fixed price or
fee-for-service with a cap, we bear the financial risk if we
initially under-price our contracts or otherwise overrun our cost
estimates. Such under-pricing or significant cost overruns could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We rely on single or a limited number of third-party suppliers for
the raw materials required for the production of our
products. 

Our
dependence on a limited number of third-party suppliers or on a
single supplier, and the challenges we may face in obtaining
adequate supplies of raw materials, involve several risks,
including limited control over pricing, availability, quality and
delivery schedules. We cannot be certain that our current suppliers
will continue to provide us with the quantities of these raw
materials that we require or satisfy our anticipated specifications
and quality requirements. Any supply interruption in limited or
sole sourced raw materials could materially harm our ability to
manufacture our products until a new source of supply, if any,
could be identified and qualified. Although we believe there are
other suppliers of these raw materials, we may be unable to find a
sufficient alternative supply channel in a reasonable time or on
commercially reasonable terms. Any performance failure on the part
of our suppliers could delay the development and commercialization
of our products, or interrupt production of then existing products
that are already marketed, which would have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

We may need to increase the size of our organization, and we may be
unable to manage rapid growth effectively. 

Our
failure to manage growth effectively could have a material and
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. We anticipate that a period of significant expansion
will be required to address possible acquisitions of business,
products, or rights, and potential internal growth to handle
licensing and research activities. This expansion will place a
significant strain on management, operational and financial
resources. To manage the expected growth of our operations and
personnel, we must both improve our existing operational and
financial systems, procedures and controls and implement new
systems, procedures and controls. We must also expand our finance,
administrative, and operations staff. Our current personnel,
systems, procedures and controls may not adequately support future
operations. Management may be unable to hire, train, retain,
motivate and manage necessary personnel or to identify, manage and
exploit existing and potential strategic relationships and market
opportunities. 

We may not be successful in acquiring complementary businesses on
favorable terms. 

As part
of our business strategy, we intend to consider acquisitions of
similar or complementary businesses. No assurance can be given that
we will be successful in identifying attractive acquisition
candidates or completing acquisitions on favorable terms. In
addition, any future acquisitions will be accompanied by the risks
commonly associated with acquisitions. These risks include
potential exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired companies or
to acquisition costs and expenses, the difficulty and expense of
integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired companies,
the potential disruption to the business of the combined company
and potential diversion of our management's time and attention, the
impairment of relationships with and the possible loss of key
employees and clients as a result of the changes in management, the
incurrence of amortization expenses and dilution to the
shareholders of the combined company if the acquisition is made for
stock of the combined company. In addition, successful completion
of an acquisition may depend on consents from third parties,
including regulatory authorities and private parties, which
consents are beyond our control. There can be no assurance that
products, technologies or businesses of acquired companies will be
effectively assimilated into the business or product offerings of
the combined company or will have a positive effect on the combined
company's revenues or earnings. Further, the combined company may
incur significant expense to complete acquisitions and to support
the acquired products and businesses. Any such acquisitions may be
funded with cash, debt or equity, which could have the effect of
diluting or otherwise adversely affecting the holdings or the
rights of our existing stockholders. 

-34- 

Table of Contents  

We
depend on information systems throughout our company to control our
manufacturing processes, process orders, manage inventory, process
and bill shipments and collect cash from our customers, respond to
customer inquiries, contribute to our overall internal control
processes, maintain records of our property, plant and equipment,
and record and pay amounts due vendors and other creditors. If we
were to experience a prolonged disruption in our information
systems that involve interactions with customers and suppliers, it
could result in the loss of sales and customers and/or increased
costs, which could adversely affect our overall business
operation. 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Approval of Our Products and Other Government
Regulations 

We are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign
agencies that require us to comply with a wide variety of
regulations, including those regarding the manufacture of products,
advertising and product label claims, the distribution of our
products and environmental matters. Failure to comply with these
regulations could subject us to fines, penalties and additional
costs. 

Some of
our operations are subject to regulation by various United States
federal agencies and similar state and international agencies,
including the Department of Commerce, the FDA, the FTC, the
Department of Transportation and the Department of Agriculture.
These regulations govern a wide variety of product activities, from
design and development to labeling, manufacturing, handling, sales
and distribution of products. If we fail to comply with any of
these regulations, we may be subject to fines or penalties, have to
recall products and/or cease their manufacture and distribution,
which would increase our costs and reduce our sales. 

We are
also subject to various federal, state, local and international
laws and regulations that govern the handling, transportation,
manufacture, use and sale of substances that are or could be
classified as toxic or hazardous substances. Some risk of
environmental damage is inherent in our operations and the products
we manufacture, sell, or distribute. Any failure by us to comply
with the applicable government regulations could also result in
product recalls or impositions of fines and restrictions on our
ability to carry on with or expand in a portion or possibly all of
our operations. If we fail to comply with any or all of these
regulations, we may be subject to fines or penalties, have to
recall products and/or cease their manufacture and distribution,
which would increase our costs and reduce our sales. 

Government regulations of our customer s business are
extensive and are constantly changing. Changes in these regulations
can significantly affect customer demand for our products and
services. 

The
process by which our customer s industries are regulated is
controlled by government agencies and depending on the market
segment can be very expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain.
Changes in regulations or the enforcement practices of current
regulations could have a negative impact on our customers and, in
turn, our business. At this time, it is unknown how the FDA will
interpret and to what extent it will enforce GMPs, regulations that
will likely affect many of our customers. These uncertainties may
have a material impact on our results of operations, as lack of
enforcement or an interpretation of the regulations that lessens
the burden of compliance for the dietary supplement marketplace may
cause a reduced demand for our products and services. 

Changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the
pharmaceutical, dietary supplement, food and cosmetic industry
could decrease the need for the services we provide. 

Governmental
agencies throughout the world, including the United States,
strictly regulate these industries. Our business involves helping
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies navigate the regulatory
drug approval process. Changes in regulation, such as a relaxation
in regulatory requirements or the introduction of simplified drug
approval procedures, or an increase in regulatory requirements that
we have difficulty satisfying or that make our services less
competitive, could eliminate or substantially reduce the demand for
our services. Also, if the government makes efforts to contain drug
costs and pharmaceutical and biotechnology company profits from new
drugs, our customers may spend less, or reduce their spending on
research and development. If health insurers were to change their
practices with respect to reimbursements for pharmaceutical
products, our customers may spend less, or reduce their spending on
research and development. 

-35- 

Table of Contents  

If we should in the future become required to obtain regulatory
approval to market and sell our goods we will not be able to
generate any revenues until such approval is received. 

The
pharmaceutical industry is subject to stringent regulation by a
wide range of authorities. While we believe that, given our present
business, we are not currently required to obtain regulatory
approval to market our goods because, among other things, we do not
(i) produce or market any clinical devices or other products, or
(ii) sell any medical products or services to the customer, we
cannot predict whether regulatory clearance will be required in the
future and, if so, whether such clearance will at such time be
obtained for any products that we are developing or may attempt to
develop. Should such regulatory approval in the future be required,
our goods may be suspended or may not be able to be marketed and
sold in the United States until we have completed the regulatory
clearance process as and if implemented by the FDA. Satisfaction of
regulatory requirements typically takes many years, is dependent
upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or service and
would require the expenditure of substantial
resources. 

If
regulatory clearance of a good that we propose to propose to market
and sell is granted, this clearance may be limited to those
particular states and conditions for which the good is demonstrated
to be safe and effective, which would limit our ability to generate
revenue. We cannot ensure that any good that we develop will meet
all of the applicable regulatory requirements needed to receive
marketing clearance. Failure to obtain regulatory approval will
prevent commercialization of our goods where such clearance is
necessary. There can be no assurance that we will obtain regulatory
approval of our proposed goods that may require it. 

Risks
Related to the Securities Markets and Ownership of our Equity
Securities 

*The market price of our common stock may be volatile and adversely
affected by several factors. 

The
market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly in
response to various factors and events, including, but not limited
to: 

our ability to
integrate operations, technology, products and
services; 

our ability to
execute our business plan; 

our operating
results are below expectations; 

our issuance of
additional securities, including debt or equity or a combination
thereof,; 

announcements of
technological innovations or new products by us or our
competitors; 

media coverage
regarding our industry or us; 

loss of any
strategic relationship; 

industry
developments, including, without limitation, changes in healthcare
policies or practices; 

economic and other
external factors; 

reductions in
purchases from our large customers; 

period-to-period
fluctuations in our financial results; and 

whether an active
trading market in our common stock develops and is
maintained. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced
significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market
fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. 

-36- 

Table of Contents  

Our common stock is and likely will remain subject to the
SEC s  penny stock  rules, which may make our
shares more difficult to sell. 

Because
the price of our common stock is currently and may remain less than
$5.00 per share, it is expected to be classified as a  penny
stock.  The SEC s rules regarding penny stocks have the
effect of reducing trading activity in our shares, making it more
difficult for investors to sell them. Under these rules,
broker-dealers who recommend such securities to persons other than
institutional accredited investors must: 

make a
special written suitability determination for the
purchaser; 

receive the
purchaser s written agreement to a transaction prior to
sale; 

provide the
purchaser with risk disclosure documents which identify certain
risks associated with investing in  penny stocks  and
which describe the market for these  penny stocks  as
well as a purchaser s legal remedies; 

obtain
a signed and dated acknowledgment from the purchaser demonstrating
that the purchaser has received the required risk disclosure
document before a transaction in a  penny stock  can be
completed; and 

give
bid and offer quotations and broker and salesperson compensation
information to the customer orally or in writing before or with the
confirmation. 

These
rules make it more difficult for broker-dealers to effectuate
customer transactions and trading activity in our securities and
may result in a lower trading volume of our common stock and lower
trading prices. 

*Our shares of common stock may be thinly traded, so you may be
unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all. 

We
cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our
common stock will develop or be sustained. This situation may be
attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are
a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock
brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment
community who generate or influence sales volume, and that even if
we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk
averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as
ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such
time as we have become more seasoned and viable. As a consequence,
there may be periods of several days or weeks when trading activity
in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned
issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that
will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect
on share price. We cannot assure you that a broader or more active
public trading market for our common stock will develop or be
sustained, or that current trading levels will be sustained or not
diminish. 

We have not paid cash dividends in the past and do not expect to
pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any return on
investment may be limited to the value of our common
stock. 

We have
never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and do not
anticipate paying cash dividends on our capital stock in the
foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our capital stock
will depend on our earnings, financial condition and other business
and economic factors affecting us at such time as the board of
directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our
common stock may be less valuable because a return on your
investment will only occur if the common stock price
appreciates. 

Stockholders may experience significant dilution if future equity
offerings are used to fund operations or acquire complementary
businesses. 

If
future operations or acquisitions are financed through the issuance
of additional equity securities, stockholders could experience
significant dilution. Securities issued in connection with future
financing activities or potential acquisitions may have rights and
preferences senior to the rights and preferences of our common
stock. In addition, the issuance of shares of our common stock upon
the exercise of outstanding options or warrants may result in
dilution to our stockholders. 

-37- 

Table of Contents  

The
stock market in general, and the stocks of early stage companies in
particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations.
These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to
the operating performance of the companies involved. If these
fluctuations occur in the future, the market price of our shares
could fall regardless of our operating performance. In the past,
following periods of volatility in the market price of a particular
company s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against that company. If the market price or
volume of our shares suffers extreme fluctuations, then we may
become involved in this type of litigation, which would be
expensive and divert management s attention and resources
from managing our business. 

As a
public company, we may also from time to time make forward-looking
statements about future operating results and provide some
financial guidance to the public markets. The management has
limited experience as a management team in a public company and as
a result projections may not be made timely or set at expected
performance levels and could materially affect the price of our
shares. Any failure to meet published forward-looking statements
that adversely affect the stock price could result in losses to
investors, stockholder lawsuits or other litigation, sanctions or
restrictions issued by the SEC. 

*We have a significant number of outstanding options and warrants,
and future sales of these shares could adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. 

As of
October 1, 2016, we had outstanding options exercisable for an
aggregate of 5,217,508 shares of common stock at a weighted
average exercise price of $3.54 per share and outstanding warrants
exercisable for an aggregate of 487,111 shares of common stock at a
weighted average exercise price of $4.12 per share. The holders may
sell many of these shares in the public markets from time to time,
without limitations on the timing, amount or method of sale. As and
when our stock price rises, if at all, more outstanding options and
warrants will be in-the-money and the holders may exercise their
options and warrants and sell a large number of shares. This could
cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

I TEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

I TEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES 

None. 

I TEM 4.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not
applicable. 

I TEM 5. OTHER
INFORMATION 

None. 

-38- 

Table of Contents  

I TEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit
No  

Description of
Exhibits  

2.1 

Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of May 21, 2008, by and among Cody Resources,
Inc., CDI Acquisition, Inc. and ChromaDex, Inc., as amended on June
10, 2008 (incorporated by reference to, and filed as Exhibit 2.1 to
the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
Commission on June 24, 2008) 

3.1 

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant
(incorporated by reference to, and filed as Appendix A to the
Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed
with the Commission on May 4, 2010) 

3.2 

Bylaws
of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to, and filed as
Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the Commission on June 24, 2008) 

3.3 

Certificate of
Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to, and filed as
Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the Commission on April 12, 2016) 

3.4 

Amendment to Bylaws
of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to, and filed as
Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the Commission on July 19, 2016) 

4.1 

Form of
Stock Certificate representing shares of the Registrant s
Common Stock (incorporated by reference to, and filed as Exhibit
4.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
the Commission on April 3, 2009) 

4.2 

Investor s
Rights Agreement, effective as of December 31, 2005, by and between
The University of Mississippi Research Foundation and the
Registrant (incorporated by reference to, and filed as Exhibit 4.1
to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
Commission on June 24, 2008) 

4.3 

Tag-Along Agreement
effective as of December 31, 2005, by and among the Registrant,
Frank Louis Jaksch, Snr.   Maria Jaksch, Trustees of the Jaksch
Family Trust, Margery Germain, Lauren Germain, Emily Germain, Lucie
Germain, Frank Louis Jaksch, Jr., and the University of Mississippi
Research Foundation (incorporated by reference to, and filed as
Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the Commission on June 24, 2008) 

4.4 

Form of
Stock Certificate representing shares of the Registrant s
Common Stock effective as of January 1, 2016 (incorporated by
reference to, and filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 17,
2016) 

10.1 

Addendum to the
Nicotinamide Riboside Supply Agreement, dated July 24, 2015, by and
between ChromaDex, Inc. and Thorne Research, Inc. (1) 

10.2 

Second
Addendum to the Nicotinamide Riboside Supply Agreement, dated
September 14, 2016, by and between ChromaDex, Inc. and Thorne
Research, Inc. (1) 

10.3 

Exclusive License
Agreement, dated July 13, 2012 between Dartmouth College and
ChromaDex, Inc. 

10.4 

Exclusive License
Agreement, dated March 7, 2013 between Washington University and
ChromaDex, Inc. 

10.5 

Amendment #1 to
Exclusive License Agreement, effective as of December 15, 2015,
between Washington University and ChromaDex,
Inc.  

10.6   

License
Agreement, made as of August 1, 2013, between Green Molecular S.L.,
Inc. and ChromaDex, Inc. 

10.7 

First
Amendment to Exclusive License Agreement, effective as of July 6,
2015, between University of Mississippi and ChromaDex,
Inc.    

10.8 

Second
Amendment to the License Agreement, effective as of December 31,
2015, between the Regents of the University of California and
ChromaDex, Inc. (1)    

10.9 

Second Addendum to
Supply Agreement, effective as of January 28, 2016, between Nectar7
LLC and ChromaDex, Inc. (1)  
  
 10.10 

First Amendment to
Exclusive License Agreement, effective as of June 13, 2016, between
Dartmouth College and ChromaDex, Inc. (1)  

31.1 

Certification of
the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(A) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

31.2 

Certification of
the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(A) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

32.1 

Certification
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002) 

101.INS 

XBRL
Instance Document 

101.SCH 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

(1) 

  A redacted version
of this Exhibit is filed herewith. An un-redacted version of this
Exhibit has been separately filed with the Commission pursuant to
an application for confidential treatment. The confidential
portions of the Exhibit have been omitted and are marked by an
asterisk. 

-39- 

Table of Contents  

S IGNATURES 

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Thomas C.
Varvaro 
 
 Chief
Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer and duly authorized on
behalf of the registrant) 

-40- 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification of
the Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to 

Rule
13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, 

as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 

I,
Frank L. Jaksch, Jr., certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q of ChromaDex
Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)
and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 10, 2016 

/s/ FRANK L.
JAKSCH, JR.  

Frank
L. Jaksch, Jr. 

Chief
Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of the Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to 

Rule
13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, 

as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 

I,
Thomas C. Varvaro, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q of ChromaDex
Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)
and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 10, 2016 

/s/ THOMAS C.
VARVARO  

Thomas
C. Varvaro 

Chief
Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

(as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of
2002) 

In
connection with this Quarterly Report of ChromaDex Corporation (the
 Company ) on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended
October 1, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, Frank
L. Jaksch, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Thomas
C. Varvaro, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to our
knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company. 

Date:
November 10, 2016 

/s/ FRANK L.
JAKSCH, JR.  

Frank
L. Jaksch, Jr. 

Chief
Executive Officer 

/s/ THOMAS C.
VARVARO  

Thomas
C. Varvaro 

Chief
Financial Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or
as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-10.1>
 5
 ex10-1.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

SEC Connect 

***Text
Omitted and Filed Separately 

with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Confidential
Treatment Requested 

Under
17 C.F.R. Sections 200.80(b)(4) and Rule 24b-2 of the 

Securities
Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exhibit 10.1   

 Addendum
to 

Nicotinamide
Riboside Supply Agreement between 

Thorne
Research, Inc.   Chromadex, Inc. 

Nicotinamide Riboside-Choline and/or Betaine 

and/or Dimethylglycine Combination Product 

Seller 

Chromadex,
Inc. 

Buyer 

Thorne
Research, Inc. 

Product 

Nicotinamide
Riboside Chloride (Product Specification attached
hereto) 

Term 

As
defined by the NIAGEN  SUPPLY AGREEMENT, dated July 9, 2013
( Original Agreement ) 

Intent 

1)  To add Choline and/or
 Betaine  and/or  dimethylglycine  (DMG) to the Original
Agreement (hereinafter the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination
Product ) 

2)  To permit Buyer the
sole rights to the  Combination  of  Nicotinamide Riboside  (NR) with
 Choline  and/or  Betaine and/or DMG  (all
forms) 

3)  To permit Buyer the
right to engage in the research, advertising, promotion,
manufacturing, packaging, shipment, distribution, use, offer for
sale, and sale of the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination 
Product or of Derivatives of the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination 
Product 

4)  Derivatives of the
 NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG
Combination  

Product
are defined as any product that contains the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination  in
combination with any other ingredient(s) 

-1- 

Exclusivity
in the Territory 

1) Thorne
retains exclusivity for stand-alone NR in the  Licensed Health Care Professionals
Channel  in North America. 

2) Thorne
obtains Exclusive Supply of  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG
Combination  

3) Thorne
retains Non-exclusive right for NR combined with any form of
 folate  or  B12 . 

Exclusivity
Requirements 

Exclusivity in the
Territory will be maintained if between the Effective Date of the
First Amendment and September 9, 2015, the Buyer purchases a
minimum [    * ** ] dollars
($[ *** ]) of Product ([ *** ]kg at
$[ *** ]/kg) and a minimum of [ *** ]
dollars ($[ *** ]) of the Product at a price of
$[ *** ]kg in the third year of the contract with Year
3 to begin on October 1, 2015. Buyer shall place binding quarterly
POs in Year 3 for at least $[ *** ] of Product to
maintain exclusivity.  

1)  Product Launch
Requirements: Thorne Research has 1 year to launch the  NR-Choline-Betaine Combination Product 
and   1  years to
launch    Choline and/or
 Betaine  and/or
dimethylglycine (DMG) 

2)   Clinical Study
Requirements: Thorne will start a human clinical study within 6
months of signing this Term Sheet. 

Ownership of all
Property will be transferred to ChromaDex if above requirements are
not met. On a confidential basis, ChromaDex shall access to all
data and reports generated from the Clinical Study. 

Technology 

Formulations of the
 NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG
Combination  Product or of Derivatives of the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination 
Product. 

Form of
Choline to include all present and future forms of choline, which
presently includes, but is not limited to: 

Choline
citrate (Citicholine) 

Choline
bitartrate 

Phosphatidylcholine 

*** Confidential Treatment
Requested    

-2- 

alpha-GPC (L-Alpha
Glycerylphosphorylcholine) 

CDP
Choline (cytidine 5 -diphosphocholine) 

Form of
Betaine to include all present and future forms of betaine, which
presently includes, but is not limited to: 

Betaine
monohydrate 

Betaine
anhydrous 

Trimethylglycine
(TMG) 

Forms
of Dimethylglycine (DMG) to include all present and future forms of
DMG 

Territory 

1) Retain
 Licensed Health Care
Professionals  channel in North America for stand-alone
NR 

2) North
America for  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG
Combination  with a right of first refusal for other
countries. 

Field
of Use 

Human 

-3- 

Channel
of Distribution 

( Channel ) 

1)  Thorne
retains the exclusive right to engage in the research, advertising,
promotion, manufacturing, packaging, shipment, distribution, use,
offer for sale, and sale of the  Nicotinamide Riboside  Product or of
Derivatives of the  Nicotinamide
Riboside  Product in the Channel defined as  Licensed Health Care Professionals 

2)  This
addendum governs Thorne s right to engage in the research,
advertising, promotion, manufacturing, packaging, shipment,
distribution, use, offer for sale, and sale of the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination  or of
Derivatives of the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination 
across all Channels in the Territory , with the exception of
channels in which ChromaDex has already granted or grants
exclusivity to third parties as set forth below. In those channels,
Thorne is prohibited from selling any product containing NR
(NIAGEN ).

3)  ChromaDex
is currently selling the Product to customers that market and sell
multi-vitamins containing the Product and will continue to pursue
relationships with such parties. These multi-vitamins contain a
multitude of ingredients, including Choline, Betaine, and DMG.
However, in all channels, other ChromaDex  NR Buyers would be excluded from
marketing the   NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination ,
according to the following guidelines:  

Amounts of Choline, TMG, or DMG in
Relation to the Nicotinamide Riboside Content Permitted in Products
Marketed   Sold by Non-Thorne Vendors    

*Refers
to the Total Daily Dose of methyl donors in aggregate. Individual
amounts of choline, TMG, or DMG to be added are at the
vendor s discretion, with the total of any combination
thereof to not exceed the amount listed in the table.Thorne shall
not unreasonably deny ChromaDex s reasonable request for an
exception to the above guidelines.

4)  ChromaDex
NR Buyers would also be excluded from marketing, offering for sale,
or selling the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination  with
 methyl donor  claims, with the methylation message, or
by describing such relationship between NR, choline, betaine,
and/or NR. Further, ChromaDex NR Buyers would be excluded from
marketing, offering for sale, or selling  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination  with
reference to any published clinical studies using the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination.  Both
Parties agree to monitor violations of this clause and ChromaDex
will use best efforts to enforce any violations of this
clause.

5)  Any
subsidiary rights to use the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination  would
have to be obtained through Thorne Research, Inc. and would be done
so at the sole discretion of Thorne Research, Inc.

-4- 

Current
Exclusions to Sale of Product 

1) Excluded
products include energy shots or melts (melting or dissolvable
tablet or delivery system) 

2) Excluded
Fields/Channels: The  Multi-Level Marketing Channel 
defined as the sale of products through a network of independent
marketing representatives and the  Direct Response
Channel  defined as the marketing and advertising of the
Product through direct response television and radio advertisements
of any length or format intended to reach one or more potential
consumers asking them to purchase from or respond directly to Buyer
or its agent via a website, telephone number, or other medium to
purchase. 

3) Channels/Fields/Products
may be excluded at any time at the sole discretion of Seller upon
written notice, unless the Parties have previously agreed in
writing that such channel/field/product may not be excluded because
Buyer has demonstrated established sales of or other commitment to
a specified channel/field/product. 

What is
Covered by the Addendum 

Commensurate with
the Original Agreement 

Property 

Trademarks,
patents, data, trade secrets, science, technology, formulas,
know-how, intellectual property, clinical research data (including
data generated by Thorne), or other information relating to any
 NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG
Combination  Product 

Registration 

The
parties will determine responsibilities for registration in the
appropriate jurisdictions 

Regulatory
Category 

1) Dietary
supplements 

2) Thorne
Research also obtains the right to co-market the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination  with
specific drugs (drugs, OTC drugs, or botanical drugs) approved for
specific diseases or conditions 

3) Thorne
Research further expresses its interest to pursue the right to
develop the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG
Combination  AS a drug approved for specific diseases or
conditions. This can be governed by a first right of refusal in the
Original Agreement or governed by a separate agreement addressing
the  NR-Choline  prodrug
conjugate. 

Payment
Terms 

To be
determined 

-5- 

Royalties 

Same as
original agreement 

Research
Costs 

NA 

Marketing
Support 

Method
of marketing and marketing partners to be determined by the
parties 

Regulatory 

As
appropriate in all Territories, Fields of Use,  
Channels 

Assignment 

1) No
right to assign this  Agreement , except as part of transfer of
a business unit or transfer of all the activities of one of the
Parties. 

Trademark
- 

Supplier 

Nicotinamide
Riboside has been registered by the Supplier under the NIAGEN 
trademark. Trademarks on goods developed by Supplier will be
developed, filed, owned, and maintained by Supplier. 

Trademark

Buyer 

Thorne
Research shall own the trademark/registration for the  NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG Combination ,
regardless of whether that occurs as a single product or the
 NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG
Combination  occurs as an ingredient in one or more finished
products. Trademarks on finished goods developed by Buyer will be
developed, filed, owned, and maintained by Buyer. 

Patent
Costs 

Each
Party shall bear its own patent filing and maintenance costs,
unless otherwise defined in writing by this or another
Agreement 

Patent
Filing 

Where
relevant to new innovation 

Patent
Defense Costs 

To be
commensurate with the Original Agreement: 

1)
Supplier shall have the obligation and first right to defend patent
infringement claims against Nicotinamide Riboside 

2)
Should Supplier default, see terms of Original
Agreement 

Milestones 

as
described in the table below. 

CHROMADEX,
INC.                       
 THORNE
RESEARCH, Inc. 

   /s/ Frank
Jaksch                                 
 /s/ Paul
Jacobson                                             

  Name: Frank
Jaksch                         
Name: Paul Jacobson  

  Title:  
CEO                                      
Title: CEO  

  Date:  
July 24,
2015                        
Date: July 24, 2015

-6- 

Discovery
Timeline for NR-Choline-Betaine-DMG 

Milestone 

1 

2 

3 

4 

Human 

Clinical 

KGK 24 hour
Pharmacokinetics Trial at 100, 300, and 1000 mg 

U
Copenhagen 24 hour Pharmacokinetics Trial at X mg 

KGK Two Month
NAD Molecular Network Trial 

Safety/ 

Toxicology 

Yes;
serum chemistry; blood cell response 

Yes;
serum chemistry; blood cell response 

Yes;
serum chemistry; blood cell response 

Pharmacokinetics 

NAD 

Methylnicotinamide 

Betaine 

Choline 

Homocysteine 

Nuclear
uracil 

NAD
metabolic network 

NAD 

Methylnicotinamide 

Betaine 

Choline 

Homocysteine 

Nuclear
uracil 

NAD
metabolic network 

NAD 

Methylnicotinamide 

Betaine 

Choline 

Homocysteine 

Nuclear
uracil 

NAD
metabolic network 

Legal 

Oringinal
Agreement Governing NR+Choline and/or Betaine and/or
DMG 

Evaluate M2
results 

Evaluate M3
results 

Report
  acceptance of M2 results 

Evaluate M4
results 

Report
  final acceptance of M2-4 results 

Strategic 

Exclusivity
around the key methyl donors choline and betaine 

Begin
dose determination for choline, betaine, or DMG 

Continue dose
determination for choline, betaine, or DMG 

Final
determination of Begin dose determination for choline, betaine, or
DMG 

Completion 

7.10.15 

Complete 

9.20.15 

11.20.15 

Study
Cost 

TBD 

TBD 

TBD 

Milestone 

Cost 

$0k 

Schedule of Milestones and Costs 

-7- 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 6
 ex10-2.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

SEC Connect 

***Text
Omitted and Filed Separately 

with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Confidential
Treatment Requested 

Under
17 C.F.R. Sections 200.80(b)(4) and Rule 24b-2 of the 

Securities
Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exhibit
10.2 

Second
Addendum to 

Nicotinamide
Riboside Supply Agreement between 

Thorne
Research, Inc.   ChromaDex, Inc. 

Nicotinamide Riboside-Choline and/or Betaine 

and/or Dimethylglycine Combination Product 

Seller 

ChromaDex,
Inc. 

Buyer 

Thorne
Research, Inc. 

Effective
Date 

September 14,
2016 

Intent
of Second Addendum 

1)  To extend the Term of the
NIAGEN  SUPPLY AGREEMENT, dated July 9, 2013 ( Original
Agreement ) between the parties. 

2)  To amend in the entirety,
the Territory, the Exclusivity in the Territory, and the
Exclusivity Requirements in the Original Agreement and in the
Addendum to the Nicotinamide Riboside Supply Agreement, dated July
24, 2015 ( Addendum ). 

Term 

October
1, 2016 through December 31, 2018 

Territory
and Exclusivity in the Territory (amended) 

1) Thorne
retains exclusivity for stand-alone NR in the Licensed Health Care
Professionals Channel in the United States only. 

2) Thorne
retains exclusive rights to the combination of Nicotinamide
Riboside (NR) with Choline and/or Betaine and/or DMG (all forms)
( Combination Product ) in all channels, in the United
States and Canada, with right of first refusal for other
countries. 

3) Thorne
obtains exclusive rights to the combination of Nicotinamide
Riboside (NR) and Exogenous Ketones, specifically the ketone ester
3-hydroxybutyl-3-hydroxybutyrate ( Combination
Product ) and derivatives thereof in all channels, in the
United States and Canada, with right of first refusal  for other countries. For the purpose of this
license,  Exogenous Ketones  refers to
b-hydroxybutyrate (or derivatives thereof), which is (are)
converted to acetoacetate via b-hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase,
with subsequent conversion to acetoacetyl CoA, and acetyl CoA for
the purpose of entering the tricarboxylic acid cycle (TCA) and
generating cellular energy (ATP) in humans or animals . This
Ketone Combination Product is also subject to the Channel of
Distribution, as defined in the Addendum, specifically paragraph 3
and the multi-vitamins exception. 

-1- 

4) The
exclusivity rights set forth in this section terminate upon the
termination of Thorne s 3-hydroxybutyl-3-hydroxybutyrate
license with Ops Fuel. 

5) Thorne s
exclusive right to the combination of Nicotinamide Riboside (NR)
with Choline and/or Betaine and/or DMG (all forms), as well as its
right to Nicotinamide Riboside (NR) and  Exogenous Ketones, shall extend to Amazon
international    ( Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O)     

6) For
avoidance of doubt, ChromaDex may sell into channels and/or
territories that could directly or indirectly compete with Thorne,
with product formulations that are outside those specified in this
Addendum. 

7) ChromaDex
will not engage in negotiation with [ *** ]in
[ *** ], and will do its best to ensure no other
ChromaDex customer engages with [ *** ], through the
end of [ *** ]. 

8)  ChromaDex
will not engage in negotiation with [ *** ] for
[ *** ], and will do its best to ensure no other
ChromaDex customers engage with [ *** ], through the
end of [ *** ]. 

9) ChromaDex
will not engage in negotiation with [ *** ] or
[ *** ], and will not knowingly allow its customers to
engage with [ *** ].   Thorne understands
that ChromaDex does not have control over its customers, but that
ChromaDex will use reasonable efforts to prevent its customers from
engaging in negotiations with the [ *** ]. 

10) Other
Channels/Fields/Products may be excluded at any time at the sole
discretion of Seller upon written notice, unless the Parties have
previously agreed in writing that such channel/field/product may
not be excluded because Buyer has demonstrated established sales of
or other commitment to a specified
channel/field/product. 

*** Confidential Treatment
Requested    

-2- 

Exclusivity
Requirements (amended) 

Exclusivity in the
Territory will be maintained if Buyer meets all the following
Exclusivity Requirements: 

1)     Product Launch
Requirements: Buyer shall launch a Combination Product by end of Q1
2017 to maintain exclusivity in the United States and
Canada 

2)   Clinical Study
Requirements: Buyer shall complete at least one human clinical
study with stand-alone NR or with a Combination Product by June 1,
2017 

Ownership of all
intellectual property related to NR, excluding intellectual
property surrounding the NR-Ketone combination, will be transferred
to ChromaDex if above requirements are not met. On a confidential
basis, ChromaDex shall have access to all data and reports
generated from the Clinical Study. 

3)  Minimum Purchase
Requirements: 

Q4 2016
= [ *** ]kg of
NIAGEN 

Q1 2017
= [ *** ]kg NIAGEN* 

Q2 2017
= [ *** ]kg NIAGEN 

Q3 2017
= [ *** ]kg NIAGEN 

Q4 2017
= [ *** ]kg NIAGEN 

Q1 2018
= [ *** ]kg NIAGEN 

Q2 2018
= [ *** ]kg NIAGEN 

Q3 2018
= [ *** ]kg NIAGEN 

Q4 2018
= [ *** ]kg NIAGEN 

* Q1 of
FY2017 will be reduced to [ *** ]kg, which is a
$[ *** ] savings in working capital, for the change of
the Territory for exclusivity rights for stand-alone NR from North
America to the United States in the Second Addendum. 

For
each quarter, a binding purchase order with volume and ship date
will be provided by Buyer to Seller no less than 45 days prior to
the start of the next calendar quarter. 

Seller
may terminate Exclusivity Rights, with written notice, if Seller
fails to meet the Exclusivity Requirements. Buyer shall have 30
days from written notice to cure. 

Buyer
Obligations 

1)        
A  minimum  dose in single
entity form, of 100mg will be used in Buyer s NR product(s)
(as expressed as  per serving  on label), to insure
alignment with human study data that is published before or during
the Term. 

2)        Patent
Marking. Buyer will ensure proper patent marking on all finished
product. All finished product shall be marked as follows:
 Patent: See www.ChromaDexPatents.com . 

*** Confidential Treatment
Requested  

-3- 

The
terms and conditions of all other sections of the Original
Agreement and the Addendum shall remain unchanged and in full force
and effect. 

T his
Second Addendum may be executed in two or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Facsimile,
Portable Document Format (PDF) or photocopied signatures of the
Parties will have the same legal validity as original
signatures.  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Second
Addendum by their duly authorized representatives. 

CHROMADEX,
INC.                                                                                      
THORNE RESEARCH, INC. 

   /s/ Troy
Rhonemus                                                                                              
/s/ Paul F. Jacobson  

  Name:  Troy Rhonemus      

Name:  Paul F.
Jacobson                                         

  Title:  COO          

Title:  Chief Executive
Officer                                

  Date:  9/14/2016        

Date:  September 14,
2016                                      

-4- 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 7
 ex10-3.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

SEC Connect 

Exhibit
10.3 

CHROMADEX,
INC. - DARTMOUTH EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

This
Agreement, effective this  13  th    day
of  July  2012,
between 

TRUSTEES OF
DARTMOUTH COLLEGE, a non-profit educational and research
institution existing under the laws of the State of New Hampshire,
and being located at Hanover, New Hampshire 03755, hereinafter
called  Dartmouth , 

and 

CHROMADEX, INC., a
corporation of the State of California, with a principal place of
business at 10005 Muirlands Blvd., Suite G, Irvine, California
92618; hereinafter called  Company.  

WHEREAS, Dartmouth,
under the direction of principal investigator Charles Brenner,
Ph.D. has developed Nicotinamide Riboside Assay System and its
uses; and 

WHEREAS, Dartmouth
represents that it has the right to grant licenses granted in this
agreement; and 

WHEREAS, Company
wishes to obtain a license under the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth, and to use its expertise and resources to
manufacture and market the technology; 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the faithful
performance of the covenants herein contained, IT IS
AGREED: 

ARTICLE
I.  Definitions  

Section
1.01  Dartmouth Patent
Rights.  "Dartmouth Patent Rights" shall mean United States
Patent No. 8,197,807 Issued June 12, 2012, United States Patent
Application Serial No. 11/542,832 filed October 4, 2006, United
States Patent Application Serial No. 13/260,392, filed September
26, 2011, and United States Patent No. 8,114,626,Issued February
14, 2012 and any United States or Foreign Patents issuing
therefrom, and any continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions,
reissues, reexaminations or extensions thereof. Dartmouth shall be
the assignee and owner of all such Patents and Patent
Applications. 

Section
1.02  Licensed
Products.  "Licensed Products" shall mean any products or
processes covered by or made, in whole or in part in a given
territory, by the use of Dartmouth Patent Rights. 

Section
1.03  Field.  The
"Field" of this Agreement shall mean the following
fields: 

Field
1: dietary supplements, sports performance enhancing products,
foods with health claims, such as energy bar, skin care/cosmetic
products; 

Field
2: food or drink products requiring FDA approval; 

Field
3: consumer foods, such as margarine, yogurt, and
cereal; 

Field
4: research. 

Section
1.04  Territory.  The
 Territory  shall mean the world. 

-1- 

Section
1.05  Subsidiary. 
"Subsidiary" shall mean a legal entity at least 50% of the voting
stock of which is owned directly or indirectly by
Company. 

Section
1.06  Agreement. 
"Agreement" shall mean this License Agreement. 

Section
1.07  Net Sales. 
"Net Sales" shall mean the gross billing price Company or its
subsidiaries charge to their customers for Licensed Products, less
sales, use, occupation and excise taxes, and transportation,
discounts, returns and allowances in lieu of returns. 

Section
1.08  Effective
Date.  "Effective Date" shall mean the date first written
above and shall be the Effective Date of this
Agreement. 

Section
1.09  License Year. 
The "First License Year" shall mean the period commencing on the
Effective Date and ending December 31, 2012. The second and all
subsequent "License Years" shall commence on January 1 and end on
December 31 of each year. 

Section
1.10  Calendar
Quarter.  "Calendar Quarter" shall mean the periods ending on
March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each
year. 

ARTICLE
II.    
Grant  

Section
2.01  License Grant. 
Dartmouth hereby grants to Company and its Subsidiaries an
 exclusive ,
royalty-bearing license under Dartmouth Patent Rights to make, have
made, use, and/or sell Licensed Products in the Field in the
Territory subject to any rights which may be required to be granted
to the Government of the United States of America pursuant to 35
U.S.C.   200-211. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Dartmouth expressly reserves a non-transferable royalty-free right
to use the Dartmouth Patent Rights in the Field by its faculty,
staff and researchers, for educational and research purposes only.
Company agrees during the period of exclusivity of this license in
the United States that any Licensed Product produced for sale in
the United States will be manufactured substantially in the United
States to the extent it is commercially reasonable. 

Section
2.02  Sublicenses. 
Company shall have the right to grant sublicenses to third parties
under Dartmouth Patent Rights to make, have made, use and sell the
Licensed Products with the consent of Dartmouth , which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, except that such sublicenses
shall be in writing and expressly subject to the terms of this
Agreement. Such consent is given to Opko Health, Inc. as of the
Effective Date. Company agrees to be responsible for the
performance hereunder by its sublicensees. Dartmouth shall have the
right to review such sublicenses to assure conformity with this
Section. Upon termination of this Agreement, any such sublicenses
will revert directly to Dartmouth. 

Section
2.03  Patents.  Upon
execution of the Agreement, Company shall reimburse Dartmouth for
expenses Dartmouth has incurred for the preparation, filing,
prosecution and maintenance of Dartmouth Patent Rights as of the
Effective Date and in accordance with the amounts
below: 

a)  

  US Patent No.
8,197,807 - $21,482.15 

b)  

  US Patent
Application Serial No. 11/542,832 - Company will reimburse for
future expenses. 

c)  

  US Patent No.
8,114,626 - $8,542.67 

d)  

  US Patent
Application Serial No. 13/260,392 - Company will reimburse for
future expenses. 

e)  

  Australian Patent
Application Serial No. 2006238858   Company will pay
$1,269.02 Annuity due by August 1 and future expenses 

f)  

  Canadian Patent
Application Serial No. 2,609,633   Company will pay $1,719.16
Annuity due by August 1 and future expenses 

-2- 

Dartmouth shall
control all future preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance
of Dartmouth Patent Rights. Dartmouth shall invoice and Company
shall reimburse Dartmouth for all future expenses in connection
with these activities. Late payments shall be subject to an
interest charge of one and one half percent (11/2%) per month. If
Company chooses to discontinue prosecution or maintenance of any
United States Patent or Patent Application, which is a subject of
Dartmouth Patent Rights, it will so inform Dartmouth within a
reasonable time before implementation of such decision. Dartmouth
then shall have the right to prosecute or maintain such Patent or
Patent Application on its own and at its own expense, in which case
the license to Company under such Patent or Patent Application will
terminate. COMPANY shall notify Dartmouth by at least three (3)
months before a National Phase deadline whether it will support the
filing of patent applications in particular foreign territories. If
COMPANY decides not to support the filing or maintaining foreign
applications, Dartmouth reserves the right to file or maintain such
applications on its own, in which case the license to COMPANY in
the particular territory will terminate. 

ARTICLE
III.    
Confidentiality and Representations 

Section
3.01  Mutual
Confidentiality.  Company and Dartmouth realize that some
information received by one party from the other pursuant to this
Agreement shall be confidential. It is therefore agreed that any
information received by one party from the other, and clearly
designated in writing as  "CONFIDENTIAL"  at the time of transfer,
shall not be disclosed by either party to any third party and shall
not be used by either party for purposes other than those
contemplated by this Agreement for a period of three (3) years from
the termination of the Agreement, unless or until -- 

(a)
said information shall become known to third parties not under any
obligation of confidentiality to the disclosing party, or shall
become publicly known through no fault of the receiving party,
or 

(b)
said information was already in the receiving party's possession
prior to the disclosure of said information to the receiving party,
except in cases when the information has been covered by a
preexisting Confidentiality Agreement, or 

(c)
said information shall be subsequently disclosed to the receiving
party by a third party not under any obligation of confidentiality
to the disclosing party, or 

(d)
said information is approved for disclosure by prior written
consent of the disclosing party, or 

(e)
said information is required to be disclosed by court order or
governmental law or regulation, provided that the receiving party
gives the disclosing party prompt notice of any such requirement
and cooperates with the disclosing party in attempting to limit
such disclosure. 

Section
3.02  Corporate
Action.  Dartmouth and Company each represent and warrant to
the other party that they have full power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and carry out the transactions contemplated
hereby, and that all necessary corporate action had been duly taken
in this regard. 

-3- 

ARTICLE
IV.  Due
Diligence  

Section
4.01  Milestones. 
Company has represented to Dartmouth, to induce Dartmouth to issue
this license, that it will commit itself to a diligent program of
exploiting the Licensed Products so that public utilization will
result therefrom. As evidence thereof, Company shall adhere to the
following milestones timeline from the 

Effective Date and
associated payments: 

It is
acknowledged that if the above milestones are not accomplished by
the dates specified in this Section 4.01, the licenses shall
terminate unless payments in the above amounts are made to
Dartmouth within thirty (30) days of the specified dates in
accordance with Section 9.02. 

ARTICLE
V.  Payments, Records and
Reports  

Section
5.01  Payments.  For
the rights and privileges granted under this license, Company shall
pay to Dartmouth 

(a) an
earned royalty of 3% based on the value of Net Sales of the
Licensed Products. If Licensed Product is combined with another
product and/or ingredient and sold by Company in such a combination
("Combination Product"), then Net Sales of the Licensed Product for
the earned royalty calculation shall be Net Sales of the
Combination Product multiplied by A divided by B (A/B), where A is
the sale price of the Licensed Product when sold separately and B
is the sale price of the Combination Product; and 

(b) a
non-refundable, non-creditable, one-time license access fee of
$50,000 due upon execution of this Agreement; and 

(c)
annual license maintenance fee of $35,000 due upon each anniversary
of the agreement and creditable towards preceding annum's royalty
payments per Section 5.01(a); and 

-4- 

(d)
thirty percent (30%) of any consideration received from an
infringement settlement less litigation expenditures, as described
in Section 8.01, and from each sublicense, on the sale of Licensed
Products (e.g., license issue fees, license maintenance fees, lump
sum payments in lieu of royalty payments, stocks, and earned
royalty, etc.) received from each sublicensee of Company for the
grant of a sublicense 

Section
5.02  Reports. 
Company shall render to Dartmouth: 

(a)
within forty five (45) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter
a written account of all quantities of Licensed Products subject to
royalty hereunder sold by Company, any Subsidiary, and any
sublicensee during such Calendar Quarter, the calculation of
royalty thereon, and sufficient data for Dartmouth to verify the
calculation, including gross sales and allowable deductions to
derive to Net Sales figures, and shall simultaneously pay in United
States dollars to Dartmouth the royalty due with respect to such
sales. Conversion of foreign currency to U.S. dollars shall be made
at the conversion rate existing in the United States on the date of
royalty payments by Company. Such report shall be certified as
correct by an officer of Company. If no Licensed Products subject
to royalty hereunder have been sold by Company, its Subsidiaries
and its sublicensees during any such quarter, Company shall so
report in writing to Dartmouth within forty five (45) days after
the end of said quarter. If royalties for any License Year do not
equal or exceed the minimum royalties established in Section 4.02,
Company shall include the balance of the minimum royalty with the
payment for the Calendar Quarter ending December 31. Late payments
shall be subject to an interest charge of one and one half percent
(11/2%) per month. 

(b)
within sixty (60) days after the close of each License Year written
annual reports which shall include but not limited to: reports of
progress on research and development, regulatory approvals,
manufacturing, sublicensing, marketing and sales during preceding
twelve (12) months as well as plans for coming year. Company shall
also provide any reasonable additional data Dartmouth requires to
evaluate Company's performance. 

(c)
within thirty (30) days of occurrence report of the date of first
sale of Licensed Products in each country. 

Section
5.03  Books of
Accounts.  Company, its Subsidiaries and sublicensees shall
keep full, true and accurate books of accounts and other records
containing all particulars which may be necessary for the purpose
of ascertaining and verifying the royalties payable to Dartmouth by
Company hereunder. Upon Dartmouth's request, Company, its
Subsidiaries and sublicensees shall permit an independent Certified
Accountant selected by Dartmouth (except one to whom Company has
some reasonable objection), to periodically have access during
ordinary business hours to such records of Company, its
Subsidiaries and sublicensees as may be necessary to determine, for
any quarter ending not more than three (3) years prior to the date
of such request, the correctness of any report and/or payment made
under this Agreement. In the event that any such inspection shows
an underreporting and underpayment in excess of five percent (5%)
for any twelve (12) month period, then Company shall pay the cost
of such examination. 

ARTICLE
VI.  Technical Assistance
and Commercial Development  

Section
6.01  Technical
Assistance.  Throughout the term of the Agreement, Dartmouth
agrees to permit Company and its designees to consult with its
employees and agents regarding developments and enhancements made
subsequent to the Effective Date relating to the Licensed Products,
at such times and places as may be mutually agreed upon; provided
that Company agrees to make suitable arrangements with, and to
compensate the Dartmouth employees and agents for such
consultation. 

Section
6.02  Commercial
Development.  During the term of this Agreement, Company
agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to effectively
manufacture and market Licensed Products. Such efforts will include
sublicensing, development of promotional literature, mailings, and
journal advertisements. 

Section
6.03  Name.  Company
shall not use and shall not permit to be used by any other person
or entity the name of Dartmouth nor any adaptation thereof, or the
name of Dartmouth's employees, in any advertising, promotional or
sales literature, or for any other purpose without prior written
permission of Dartmouth, such permission not to be unreasonably
withheld, except that Company may state that it is licensed by
Dartmouth under Dartmouth Patent Rights and that Company may refer
to publications by Dartmouth personnel which relate to the
Dartmouth Patent Rights. 

-5- 

ARTICLE
VII.  Indemnity, Insurance,
Disclaimers  

Section
7.01  Indemnity. 
Company shall defend and indemnify and hold Dartmouth and its
trustees, officers, agents and employees (the "Indemnitees")
harmless from any judgements and other liabilities based upon
claims or causes of action against Dartmouth or its employees which
arise out of alleged negligence in the development, manufacture or
sale of Licensed Products by Company, its Subsidiaries, and
sublicensees, or from the use by the end users of Licensed
Products, except to the extent that such judgements or liabilities
arise in whole or in part from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of Dartmouth or its employees, provided that Dartmouth
promptly notifies Company of any such claim coming to its attention
and that it cooperates with Company in the defense of such claim.
If any such claims or causes of action are made, Dartmouth shall be
defended by counsel to Company, subject to Dartmouth's approval,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Dartmouth reserves the
right to be represented by its own counsel at its own
expense. 

Section
7.02  Insurance.  At
such time as any product, process, service relating to, or
developed pursuant to, this Agreement is being commercially
distributed or sold (other than for the purpose of obtaining
regulatory approvals) by Company or by a sublicensee, Subsidiary or
agent of Company, Company shall at its sole cost and expense,
procure and maintain comprehensive general liability insurance in
amounts not less than $2,000,000 per incident and naming the
Indemnitees as additional insureds. Such comprehensive general
liability insurance shall provide (i) product liability coverage
and (ii) broad form contractual liability coverage for Company's
indemnification under this Agreement. If Company elects to
self-insure all or part of the limits described above (including
deductibles or retentions which are in excess of $250,000 annual
aggregate) such self-insurance program must be acceptable to
Dartmouth and Dartmouth Risk Manager. Such insurance will be
considered primary as to any other valid and collectible insurance,
but only as to acts of the named insured. The minimum amounts of
insurance coverage required shall not be construed to create a
limit of Company's liability with respect to its indemnification
under this Agreement. 

Company
shall provide Dartmouth with written evidence of such insurance
upon request of Dartmouth. Company shall provide Dartmouth with
written notice at least fifteen (15) days prior to the
cancellation, non-renewal or material change in such insurance; if
Company does not obtain replacement insurance providing comparable
coverage within such fifteen (15) day period, Dartmouth shall have
the right to terminate this Agreement effective at the end of such
fifteen (15) day period without notice or any additional waiting
periods. 

Company
shall maintain such comprehensive general liability insurance
beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement during (i)
the period that any product, process, or service, relating to, or
developed pursuant to, this Agreement is being commercially
distributed or sold by Company or by a sublicensee, Subsidiary or
agent of Company and (ii) a reasonable period after the period
referred to in (i) above which in no event shall be less than
fifteen (15) years. 

Section
7.03  Disclaimer. 
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed
as: 

(a) a
warranty or representation by Dartmouth as to the validity or scope
of any Patent Rights; 

(b) a
warranty or representation that any Licensed Products manufactured,
used or sold will be free from infringement of patents, copyrights,
or rights of third parties, except that Dartmouth represents that
it has no knowledge of any existing issued patents or copyrights
which might be infringed; 

(c)
except as provided in Section 7.01, an agreement to defend against
actions or suits of any nature brought by any third
parties. 

-6- 

DARTMOUTH
MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE MERCHANTABILITY
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF LICENSED
PRODUCTS 

ARTICLE
VIII.  Infringement
Matters  

Section
8.01  Infringement by Third
Parties.  Company shall give Dartmouth prompt notice of any
incident of infringement of Dartmouth Patent Rights coming to its
attention. The parties shall thereupon confer together as to what
steps are to be taken to stop or prevent such infringement. Company
shall be entitled to commence proceedings in its own name against
the infringer, in which event Company shall be responsible for all
legal costs incurred, without recourse to Dartmouth, however
Dartmouth agrees to appear as a party in any such proceedings if
requested by COMPANY and such request is not unreasonably
burdensome on Dartmouth. Company also agrees to reimburse Dartmouth
for out of pocket costs spent in connection with said request.
Financial recoveries from any such litigation will first be applied
to reimburse Company for its litigation expenditures and 30% of
additional recoveries will be paid to Dartmouth. If Company chooses
not to commence litigation within ninety (90) days from the date
the parties confer regarding the infringement, Dartmouth may
commence proceedings against the infringer, in which case Dartmouth
shall be responsible for any legal costs incurred and will be
entitled to retain any damages recovered. In any action to enforce
Dartmouth Patent Rights, either party, at the request and expense
of the other party shall cooperate to the fullest extent reasonably
possible. Company may not settle any infringement action in any way
detrimental to Dartmouth Patent Rights without the expressed
written consent of Dartmouth. 

ARTICLE
IX.  Duration and
Termination  

Section
9.01  Term.  This
Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above,
and unless sooner terminated in accordance with any of the
provisions herein, shall remain in full force during the life of
the last to expire patents under Dartmouth Patent Rights
contemplated by this agreement in the last to expire territory. If
mutually desired, the parties may negotiate for an extension of
this License. Upon the termination of the Agreement Company shall
have the right to sell the remainder of the Licensed Product on
hand, provided the sales will be subject to the royalty payments of
this Agreement. 

Section
9.02  Termination -
Breach.  In the event that either party defaults or breaches
any of the provisions of this Agreement, the other party shall have
the right to terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to
the defaulting party, provided, however, that if the said
defaulting party cures said default within thirty (30) days after
said notice shall have been given, this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect. The failure on the part of either of the
parties hereto to exercise or enforce any right conferred upon it
hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any such right nor
operate to bar the exercise or enforcement thereof at any time or
times thereafter. 

Section
9.03  Termination at
Will.  Company shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement by giving three (3) months advance written notice to
Dartmouth to that effect and paying a termination fee of $5,000.
Upon termination, a final report shall be submitted and royalty and
other payments due under Article V, as well as unreimbursed patent
expenses per Section 2.03 due Dartmouth become immediately
payable. 

Upon
receipt of the termination notice, Dartmouth should be free to
start negotiations with a Third Party for the rights granted
herein. 

Section
9.04  Insolvency.  In
the event that Company shall become insolvent, shall make an
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall file a petition
for bankruptcy, the Agreement shall terminate. 

Section
9.05  Prior Obligations and
Survivability.  Termination of this Agreement for any reason
shall not release either party from any obligation theretofore
accrued. Sections 3.01, 5.01   5.03, 7.01   7.03, 9.03,
10.01   10.09 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement. 

-7- 

ARTICLE
X.  Miscellaneous  

Section
10.01  Governing
Law.  This Agreement shall be construed, governed,
interpreted and enforced according to the laws of the State of New
York. 

Section
10.02  Notices.  Any
notice or communication required or permitted to be given by either
party hereunder, shall be deemed sufficiently given, if mailed by
certified mail, return receipt requested, and addressed to the
party to whom notice is given as follows: 

If to
Company, to: 

Frank
Jaksch, CEO 

ChromaDex,
Inc. 

10005
Muirlands Blvd Suite G 

Irvine,
CA 92618 

If to
Dartmouth, to: 

Alla
Kan 

Director 

Technology Transfer
Office 

Dartmouth
College 

11 Rope
Ferry Road 

Hanover, NH
03755 

Section
10.03.  Assignment. 
Neither party shall assign or transfer this Agreement without the
express prior written consent of the other. For purposes of this
Agreement, an assignment or transfer of this Agreement by COMPANY
shall be deemed to occur in connection with (a) an express
assignment or transfer or (b) a general assignment for the benefit
of creditors or in connection with any bankruptcy or other debtor
relief law. This section will not be deemed to prohibit an
assignment or transfer of this Agreement in connection to a merger
or consolidation to which COMPANY is a party (regardless of whether
COMPANY is the surviving corporation) or to any other transaction
pursuant to which a change would occur in the "ultimate parent
entity" of COMPANY, applying the rules in effect from time to time
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended. 

Section
10.04  Entire
Agreement.  This Agreement represents the entire Agreement
between the parties as of the effective date hereof, and may only
be subsequently altered or modified by an instrument in writing.
This agreement cancels and supersedes any and all prior oral or
written agreements between the parties which relate to the subject
matter of this Agreement. 

Section
10.05  Mediation and
Arbitration.  Both parties agree that they shall attempt to
resolve any dispute arising from this Agreement through mediation.
Both parties agree that at least one employee, capable of
negotiating an agreement on behalf of his employer, shall, within
three weeks of receipt of written notification of a dispute, meet
with at least one employee of the other party who is also capable
of negotiating an agreement on behalf of his employer. If no
agreement can be reached, both parties agree to meet again within a
four week period after the initial meeting to negotiate in good
faith to resolve the dispute. If no agreement can be reached after
this second meeting, both parties   agree to submit the
dispute to binding arbitration under the Rules of the American
Arbitration Association before a single arbitrator. 

-8- 

Section
10.06  Waiver.  A
failure by one of the parties to this Agreement to assert its
rights for or upon any breach or default of this Agreement shall
not be deemed a waiver of such rights nor shall any such waiver be
implied from acceptance of any payment. No such failure or waiver
in writing by any one of the parties hereto with respect to any
rights, shall extend to or affect any subsequent breach or impair
any right consequent thereon. 

Section
10.07  Severability. 
The parties agree that it is the intention of neither party to
violate any public policy, statutory or common laws, and
governmental or supranational regulations; that if any sentence,
paragraph, clause or combination of the same is in violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or is unenforceable or void for any
reason whatsoever, such sentence, paragraph, clause or combinations
of the same shall be inoperative and the remainder of the Agreement
shall remain binding upon the parties. 

Section
10.08  Marking.  Upon
Dartmouth's direction and consultation, Company agrees to mark the
Licensed Products with all applicable trademarks, and patent
numbers. 

Section
10.09  Headings.  The
headings of the paragraphs of this Agree-ment are inserted for
convenience only and shall not constitute a part
hereof. 

-9- 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement,
in duplicate originals, by their respective officers hereunto duly
authorized, the day and year herein written. 

TH  E TRUSTEES OF
DARTMOUTH COLLEGE 

By:
 /S/ Alla
Kan   

  Date: July 11,
2012 

  Name: Alla
Kan 

  Title: Director
Technology Transfer Office 

CHROMADEX,
INC. 

By:
 /S/ Thomas C.
Varvaro   

Date:
July 13, 2012 

  Name: Thomas C.
Varvaro 

Title:
Chief F  inancial
Officer 

-10- 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 8
 ex10-4.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

SEC Connect 

Exhibit 10.4 

EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

PREAMBLE 

This
Agreement is made and entered into, effective as of March 4, 2013,
( Effective Date ) by and between: Washington
University, a corporation established by special act of the
Missouri General Assembly approved February 22, 1853 and acts
amendatory thereto, having its principal offices at One Brookings
Drive, St. Louis, Missouri 63130 (hereinafter referred to as "WU");
and Chromadex a corporation organized and existing under the laws
of the State of California, having its principal offices at 10005
Muirlands Blvd. Suite G Irvine CA 92618 (hereinafter referred to as
"Licensee") and the following correspondence
addresses: 

License
Issue Fee: $40,000 

License
Maintenance Fee: $25,000 

Options
for Improvement: 1 yr option; $20,000 additional licensing fee per
improvement. 

Milestones
and Payments: 

-1- 

Royalty
Rate: 

a.Patent Royalty
Rate 

4% 

b.Non-Patent
Royalty Rate 

2% 

c.
Pass-through for sublicensee(s) 

2% 

Minimum
Royalty: $25,000 

Sublicensee
Revenue percentage: 50% if technology is flipped, 25% if
significant value is added to the technology such as an IND filing
or additional enabling technology. 

Patents:
Listed in Exhibit E herein, below; all patent expenses to be paid
by Licensee. 

All
past patent expenses authorized by Chromadex. 

Field:
 dietary supplements, sports nutrition,
functional foods, skin care and cosmetics, food and beverage,
research reagents, medical foods, and pharmaceutical
uses.  

Territory:
Worldwide. 

Term:
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and
continue until the later of: a) the last day that at least one
Valid Claim exists; or b) the tenth anniversary of the day of the
First Commercial Sale whichever is longer. 

RECITALS 

A.             

  WU possesses
certain Patent Rights (as defined below), Technical Information (as
defined below), and Tangible Research Property (as defined
below). 

B.             

  Licensee has
developed a plan to manufacture, promote, import, sell and/or
market products based on the Patent Rights, the Technical
Information, and/or the Tangible Research Property which plan is
attached hereto as Exhibit A (the  Development
Plan ). 

C.             

  Licensee WU
possesses the desire, knowledge, expertise, experience and
resources to carry out the Development Plan, to meet the milestones
set forth in Exhibit F hereto and to otherwise diligently
manufacture, market and to otherwise diligently commercialize
products based on the Patent Rights, Tangible Research Property
and/or the Technical Information. 

D.             

  Licensee desires to
obtain from WU certain licenses to the Tangible Research Property,
Technical Information and Patent Rights and WU desires to grant
such licenses to Licensee. 

TERMS
AND CONDITIONS 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, covenants and
agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1.              

   Definitions . 

As used
in this Agreement, the following terms have the meaning ascribed to
them below: 

1.1              Agreement  
is defined in the Preamble above. 

1.2              Affiliate  
means an entity that now or hereafter, directly or indirectly,
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a
party to this Agreement whether by beneficial ownership, contract,
or otherwise. 

-2- 

1.3              Calendar
Half   means each six-month period of a calendar year,
or portion thereof, beginning on January 1 or July 1. 

1.4              Claims  
is defined in Section 11.1 below. 

1.5              Confidential
Information   is defined in Section 7.1
below. 

1.6              Development
Plan   is defined in Recital B above. 

1.7              Effective
Date   is defined in the Preamble above. 

1.8              Election
Notice   is defined in Section 9.3 below. 

1.9              Field  
is defined in the Preamble above. 

1.10              First
Commercial Sale   means the earlier to occur of (a) the
earliest date on which Licensee transfers a Licensed Product for
compensation (including equivalent cash value for trades or other
non-cash payments), or (b) the earliest date on which Licensee
offers a Licensed Service for compensation (including equivalent
cash value for trades or other non-cash payments). 

1.11              License
Issue Fee   is defined in the Preamble
above. 

1.12              Licensed
Product   means (a) any product made, made for, used,
sold or imported by Licensee and/or Sublicensee that (i) in the
absence of this Agreement would infringe at least one Valid Claim,
or (ii) uses a process covered by a Valid Claim, and/or (b) any
product made, and/or method or process used, in whole or in part,
using or otherwise derived from Technical Information and/or
Tangible Research Property., with the provisio that no product
shall be construed a "Licensed Product" pursuant to (a)(i) or
(a)(ii) of this section which would not infringe any claim of a
Patent Rights patent application pending in the United States as of
October 15, 2012, or any claim of an issued, unexpired, valid and
enforceable Patent Rights patent, in either the country of the
product's manufacture or sale   or (3)does not contain nicotinamide
adenine dinucleotide (NAD) or its precursor NADH, an intermediate
of a de novo pathway for synthesizing NAD, an intermediate of a NAD
salvage pathway, an intermediate of a nicotinamide riboside kinase
pathway, or a combination thereof, such ingredients including but
not limited to nicotinamide mononucleotide, nicotinic acid
mononucleotide, and nicotinamide riboside."    

1.13              Licensed
Service   means (a) any service performed by Licensee
and/or Sublicensee that (i) in the absence of this Agreement would
infringe at least one Valid Claim, or (ii) uses a process covered
by a Valid Claim, and/or (b) service performed by Licensee that
uses or is otherwise derived from Technical Information and/or
Tangible Research Property. 

1.14              Licensee  
is defined in the Preamble above. 

1.15              Minimum
Royalty   is defined in the Preamble
above. 

1.16              Net
Sales   means mean Net Sales for Licensed Products and
Net Sales for Licensed Services. 

1.17              Net
Sales for Licensed Products and Net Sales for Licensed
Services   means the gross value, compensation, and
payments, whether in cash or in kind, received by Licensee or its
Sublicensees for Sales of Licensed Products or Licensed Services,
respectively, less all Permissible Deductions. 

1.18              Patent
Rights   means, subject to Section 9.3 below, the
patents and patent applications, and all foreign counterparts,
continuations, divisions, extensions, reexaminations and reissues
thereof, which trace their earliest priority filing date by
unbroken lineage to any of such patent or patent applications, as
set forth in Exhibit E, herein below. 

-3- 

1.19            
  Permissible
Deductions   means, and shall be limited to, any (a)
trade, quantity and cash discounts on Licensed Products actually
provided to third parties in connection with arms length
transactions, (b) credits, allowances or refunds, not to exceed the
original invoice amount, for actual claims, damaged goods,
rejections or returns of Licensed Products, and (c) excise, sale,
use, value added or other taxes, other than income taxes, paid by
Licensee due to the Sale of Licensed Products. 

1.20              Sale  
means any transaction in which a Licensed Product or Licensed
Service is exchanged or transferred for any value, payment or
compensation of any type or kind. Notwithstanding the forgoing,
Sales of any kind shall not include and shall expressly exclude
transfers by Licensee: (a) to a Sublicensee of Affiliate for
distribution or their own internal testing of samples of any
Licensed Product or Licensed Service, provided that such testing is
not conducted for or on behalf of any end user and further provided
that Licensee receives no payment for such Licensed Product or
Licensed Service in excess of the fully burdened (i.e. direct and
indirect) costs of producing and transporting such materials; and
(b) for its and its Affiliates own non-commercial laboratory
research and development purposes, manufacturing,
marketing/promotional purposes, beta testing and/or clinical
testing, provided that the foregoing is not performed for or on
behalf of any end user and further provided that Licensee receives
no payment for such Licensed Product or Licensed Service in excess
of the fully burdened (i.e. direct and indirect) costs of producing
and transporting such materials and/or providing such Licensed
Product or License Service. 

1.21          
  Royalty Rate  
is defined in the Preamble above and shall include both the
 Patent Royalty Rate  and the  Non-Patent Royalty
Rate.   Patent Royalty Rate  means the Royalty
Rate that shall apply to licensed activities within Territory
countries in which there is at least one Valid Claim.
 Non-Patent Royalty Rate  means the Royalty Rate that
shall apply to licensed activities, including use of Tangible
Research Property and/or Technical Information, in Territory
countries in which there is no Valid Claim. 

1.22              Tangible
Research Property   means, subject to Section 9.3
below, any and all research tools and other personal property that
WU may provide to Licensee as specifically set forth in Exhibit B
hereto. 

1.23              Technical
Information   means, subject to Section 9.3 below,
research and development information, unpatented inventions,
know-how, data, methods, and technical data and information, in
each instance that are necessary to practice the Patent Rights
and/or to commercialize one or more Licensed Products, as
specifically set forth in Exhibit C hereto. 

1.24              Termination
Fee   is defined in Section 13.2 below. 

1.25              Territory  
is defined in the Preamble above, except that it shall exclude
those countries to which export of technology or goods is
prohibited by applicable U.S. export control laws or
regulations. 

1.26              WU  
is defined in the Preamble above. 

1.27              WU
Indemnitee   is defined in Section 11.1. 

1.28              Valid
Claim   means a claim (a) of a pending Patent Rights
patent application, or (b) of an issued and unexpired Patent Rights
patent that has not been (i) held invalid or unenforceable by a
court or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction in a
decision or order that is not subject to appeal, (ii) canceled,
(iii) abandoned in accordance with, or as permitted by the terms of
this Agreement or by mutual written agreement of WU and
Licensee. 

1.29           
  Sublicensing
Revenue   means all value, payment or compensation of
any type or kind, other than earned royalties on Net Sales,
received by Licensee from or through its Sublicensees for the
licensing, cross-licensing or other authorized use of any license
or right granted herein by WU. Sublicensing Revenue shall include,
without limitation, all fees, milestone payments, cash equivalents,
equities, securities, equipment, property, rights or anything else
of value received by Licensee as sublicensing consideration from or
for the benefit of any Sublicensee. 

-4- 

2.             

License Grants and Restrictions . 

2.1   
      Patent
Rights  .  Subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WU hereby grants to
Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts, a non-transferable,
exclusive (subject to Section 2.4 below) and royalty-bearing
license under the Patent Rights and for the Term of this Agreement,
to (a) make, have made, sell, offer for sale, use, and import
Licensed Products, and (b) perform Licensed Services, in each
instance solely in the Territory and in the Field. For the
avoidance of doubt, Licensee acknowledges and agrees that no
license is granted or implied under the Patent Rights outside the
Field or the Territory. 

2.2   
      Technical
Information  .  Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WU hereby grants to
Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts, a non-transferable,
nonexclusive and royalty-bearing license for the Term of this
Agreement to use the Technical Information solely for the purpose
of exploiting the license granted to Licensee in Section 2.1 above.
For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee acknowledges and agrees that
no license is granted or implied under the Technical Information
outside the Field or the Territory. 

2.3  
     Tangible Research
Property  .  Subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WU hereby grants to
Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts, a nontransferable,
nonexclusive and royalty-bearing license, for the Term of this
Agreement, to use the Tangible Research Property solely for the
purpose of exploiting the licenses granted to Licensee in Sections
2.1 and 2.2 above. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee
acknowledges and agrees that no license is granted or implied to
use the Tangible Research Property for any other
purpose. 

2.4    
     Limitations on
Patent Rights License  .  WU retains its right to use the Patent
Rights to make, have made, use, and import Licensed Products and to
perform Licensed Services in the Territory and in the Field for
research and educational purposes including collaboration with
other nonprofit entities, which shall expressly exclude any
commercial purposes. 

2.5      
   Clarifications  . 
For the avoidance of doubt, the license "to have made" granted in
Section 2.1 above means that the Licensee may contract with one or
more third parties to make Licensed Products for Licensee for Sale
or offer for Sale by Licensee within the scope of its sales
operations. In any such event, Licensee shall require all such
third parties to be bound to a written confidentiality agreement
that contains non-use and nondisclosure obligations that are at
least as restrictive as those that are contained in Article 7 below
before any Confidential Information is disclosed to such third
parties. 

2.6        
 Government
Rights  .  In accordance
with Public Laws 96-517, 97-256 and 98-620, codified at 35 U.S.C.
   200-212, the United States government retains certain
rights to inventions arising from federally supported research or
development. Under these laws and implementing regulations, the
government may impose requirements on such inventions. Licensed
Products embodying inventions subject to these laws and regulations
sold in the United States must be substantially manufactured in the
United States. The license rights granted in this Agreement are
expressly made subject to these laws and regulations as amended
from time to time. Licensee shall be required to abide by all such
laws and regulations. 

-5- 

2.7             Reservation
of Rights and Restrictions  .  Nothing in this Agreement provides
Licensee with any ownership rights of any kind in the Patent
Rights, the Technical Information and/or any Tangible Research
Property. All ownership rights in the Patent Rights, the Technical
Information and the Tangible Research Property shall remain the
sole and exclusive property of WU. The risk of loss of all Tangible
Research Property shall pass to Licensee upon delivery. For the
avoidance of doubt, Licensee s rights in any Tangible
Research Property extend only to the specific Tangible Research
Property delivered by WU to Licensee. Accordingly, Licensee shall
have no right to any tangible research property retained by WU
including, without limitation, any original tangible research
property that may be retained by WU and on which the Tangible
Research Property delivered to Licensee may be based. No license or
right is granted by WU, by implication or otherwise, to any patent
other than the Patent Rights. Other than the licenses expressly
granted in Sections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 above, all rights in and to
the Patent Rights, the Tangible Research Property and any Technical
Information are hereby reserved by WU. Licensee agrees not to
practice or use the Patent Rights, the Tangible Research Property
and/or the Technical Information or do any act in respect thereof
outside the scope of the licenses expressly granted above
including, without limitation, providing any Tangible Research
Property to any third party. Licensee further agrees that it will
not do any act or thing which would in any way contest WU s
ownership in, or otherwise derogate from the ownership by WU, of
any rights in the Patent Rights, the Tangible Research Property
and/or Technical Information. In furtherance of the foregoing but
without limiting the generality thereof, Licensee agrees not to
register or attempt to register in the Territory or elsewhere any
rights in the Patent Rights, the Tangible Research Property and/or
Technical Information or to assist any third party to do
so. 

2.8       
    Markings  . 
Licensee shall ensure that appropriate markings, such as
 Patent Pending  or the Patent Rights patent numbers or
application serial numbers, appear, in accordance with each
country s patent laws, on all Licensed Products (or their
packaging, as appropriate) sold by or on behalf of
Licensee. 

2.9             Research
Cross-License . Licensee hereby grants to WU and WU hereby
accepts, a non-transferable, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable,
fully paid up, license, for research and education purposes only,
under any and all applicable patents, copyright registrations or
other intellectual property rights, to make and use any and all
inventions, discoveries or improvements conceived of or reduced to
practice by Licensee during the Term of this Agreement and relating
to the Patent Rights, Tangible Research Property or Technical
Information. For the avoidance of doubt, the rights under this
Section 2.9 do not include any right to make, use, sell or offer to
sell any products or services for any commercial
purpose. 

2.10          
 Sublicensing  .  

2.10.1                        General  . 
Subject to the further provisions of this Section 2.10, Licensee
may grant sublicenses of the licenses granted to Licensee in
Sections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 above to third parties by entering into a
written agreement with any such third party (each such agreement
shall be referred to herein as a  Sublicense  and each
such third party shall be referred to herein as a
 Sublicensee ). Only Licensee (and not any Sublicensee)
may enter into a Sublicense, and each Sublicense shall expressly
prohibit the Sublicensee from granting further
sublicenses. 

2.10.2                        Requirements
of each Sublicense Agreement  .  Licensee agrees that it will require
all Sublicensees to comply with the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement and applicable to Licensee. In furtherance of the
foregoing but without limiting the generality thereof, each
Sublicense shall, for the express benefit of WU, bind the
Sublicensee to terms and conditions no less favorable to WU than
those between WU and Licensee contained in this Agreement. To the
extent that any term, condition, or limitation of any Sublicense is
inconsistent with the terms, conditions and limitations contained
in this Agreement, such term, condition, and/or limitation shall be
null and void against WU. Without in any way narrowing or limiting
the scope of the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10.2, all
Sublicenses shall contain the terms and conditions set forth in
Exhibit D hereto. Within thirty (30) days after the effective date
of any Sublicense, Licensee shall provide WU a complete copy of the
Sublicense including, without limitation, any and all exhibits
and/or attachments thereto. If the Sublicense is written in a
language other than English, the copy of the Sublicense shall be
accompanied by a complete translation written in 
 English.
Upon delivery of such translation to WU, Licensee shall be deemed
to represent and warrant to WU that such translation is a true and
accurate translation of the Sublicense. 

-6- 

2.10.3                        Primary
Liability  .  Licensee
will be primarily liable to WU for all acts, errors or omissions of
a Sublicensee. Any act, error or omission of a Sublicensee that
would be a breach of this Agreement if imputed to Licensee will be
deemed to be a breach of this Agreement by Licensee. 

3.             

Development Plan . 

3.1    
     Development
Plan  .  Licensee
represents and warrants that (a) the Development Plan contains
Licensee s good faith, bona fide plans for commercializing
Licensed Products as rapidly and extensively as practicable, and
(b) Licensee has the knowledge, expertise, experience and resources
to fully carry out such plans. 

3.2   
      Development Plan
Milestones  .  Licensee
agrees to use its best efforts to meet any and all milestones set
forth above and in the Development Plan on or before the times set
forth in the Development Plan including, without limitation, the
development milestones for each Licensed Product and any Licensed
Services. 

3.3          
 Progress
Reports  .  Licensee
will deliver to WU written reports on Licensee s progress
against the Development Plan no later than January 31 and July 31
of the first two calendar years following the calendar year in
which the Effective Date falls, and no later than January 31 of
each calendar year thereafter. Each such report will set forth
Licensee s progress against the Development Plan in
reasonable detail including, without limitation, the progress
achieved and any problems encountered in the development,
prototyping, evaluation, testing, manufacture, Sale, and/or
marketing of, as applicable, each Licensed Product and any Licensed
Services. Each such report will identify in detail any financial
investment, grant or other source of funding awarded or provided to
Licensee that is used in part or in while to develop, evaluate,
test, manufacture, sell and/or market a Licensed Product and/or
Licensed Service. Upon reasonable request by WU from time-to-time,
Licensee will meet with WU to consult with WU about
Licensee s then-current progress against the Development
Plan. 

3.4          
 Changes
to Development Plan  . 
Licensee may not amend, change or otherwise modify the Development
Plan without the written consent of WU. 

4.             

Diligence . 

4.1         Licensee agrees to,
throughout the term of this Agreement, use its best efforts to
develop, manufacture, promote and sell Licensed Products and to
perform any Licensed Services, in each instance throughout the
Territory and in the Field in accordance with the milestones set
forth in Exhibit F. 

4.2         Should WU
conclude in its reasonable judgment that Licensee fails to meet the
diligence requirements set out in Section 4.1 above, WU may notify
Licensee of its conclusions and the basis therefore. The parties
shall then undertake to resolve WU s concerns through good
faith negotiations for a period of 90 days. Should such
negotiations fail to result in Licensee achieving a level of
diligence consistent with its obligations under Section 4.1 above,
in WU s sole reasonable judgment, then WU may terminate the
license in each specific sub-field where there has been
insufficient best efforts or at WU option change the license in
each specific sub-field where there has been insufficient best
effort to a non-exclusive license. 

5.             

Fees, Payments and Royalties . 

5.1          
 License
Issue Fee  .  Within
fifteen (15) days after the Effective Date, Licensee agrees to pay
the License Issue Fee to WU. Such License Issue Fee shall be
non-refundable and shall not be credited against any other payments
that may be due hereunder. 

5.2   
      License Maintenance
Fee  .  On or before
every anniversary of the Effective Date and until and including the
anniversary following the First Commercial Sale of a Licensed
Product or Licensed Service occurs in a primary country designated
in the Development Plan, Licensee agrees to pay the License
Maintenance Fee to WU. All License Maintenance Fees shall be
non-refundable and shall not be credited against any other payments
that may be due hereunder. Following the first Sale of License
Product, Licensee s obligations for this payment will
cease   and transfer to the
Minimum Royalties per Section 5.4. Payments due under this section
will be made on a prorated annual basis. 

-7- 

5.3             Royalties . 

5.3.1             Licensed
Products . For each Licensed Product made or sold by or for
Licensee and/or Sublicensee within the Territory, Licensee agrees
to pay WU an earned royalty equal to the Patent Royalty Rate of Net
Sales if there is a Valid Claim in at least one of the country of
manufacture or country of Sale or equal to the Non-Patent Royalty
Rate of Net Sales if there is no Valid Claim in both the countries
of manufacture and Sale. Such earned royalties shall be paid by
Licensee within thirty (30) days after the end of each Calendar
Half in which the Sale of the Licensed Products to which such
earned royalties occurs. If a Licensed Product is sold in
combination with another product ( Combination
Product ) on which licensee is obligated to pay royalties,
the Patent Royalty Rate used shall be the Patent Royalty Rate if
the Licensed Product were sold alone multiplied by the ratio
A/(A+B), where A = the cost of the Licensed Product if sold alone
and B = cost of the Combination Product if sold alone, such that
this ratio not be lower than 0.5, where B is an active ingredient
and not an excipient, carrier, diluents or filler. 

5.3.2             Licensed
Services  .  Licensee
agrees to pay WU an earned royalty equal to the Patent Royalty Rate
of the total gross revenues generated, directly or indirectly, by
Licensee and/or Sublicensee from the performance of the Licensed
Services if there is a Valid Claim in the country in which the
Licensed Services were performed or equal to the Non-Patent Royalty
Rate of the total gross revenues generated, directly or indirectly,
by Licensee from the performance of the Licensed Services if there
is no Valid Claim in the country in which the Licensed Services
were performed. Such earned royalties shall be paid by Licensee
within thirty (30) days after the end of each Calendar Half in
which the performance of the Licensed Services occurs. if a
Licensed Service is sold in combination with another product
( Combination Service ) on which licensee is obligated
to pay royalties, the Patent Royalty Rate used shall be the Patent
Royalty Rate if the Licensed Service were sold alone multiplied by
the ratio A/(A+B), where A = the cost of the Licensed Service if
sold alone and B = cost of the Combination Product if sold alone,
such that this ratio not be lower than 0.5. 

5.4         
 Minimum
Royalties  .  Commencing
with the Calendar Half in which the First Commercial Sale occurs
and continuing thereafter throughout the term of this Agreement,
Licensee agrees to pay WU a minimum royalty equal to the Minimum
Royalty for each Calendar Half as an advance against the royalties
due under Section 5.3.1 above. Such Minimum Royalties shall be due
on January 31 and July 31 of each Calendar Half. 

5.5          
 Milestone
Payments  .  Licensee
agrees to pay WU milestone payments in the amounts set forth in the
Preamble, herein above, within thirty (30) days after the date that
the applicable milestone is met 

5.6      
    Clarifications. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no multiple royalty will be required to
be paid because a Licensed Product or its manufacture, use, Sale or
importation is covered by more than one Valid Claim or patent or
patent application within the Patent Rights. A Sale of a Licensed
Product will be deemed to have been made at the time Licensee or a
Sublicensee (or anyone acting on behalf of or for the benefit of
Licensee or its Sublicensees) first invoices, ships, or receives
value for a Licensed Product. Similarly, the performance of a
Licensed Service shall be deemed to have been performed at the time
Licensee or a Sublicensee (or anyone acting on behalf of or for the
benefit of Licensee or its Sublicensees) first invoices or receives
value for a Licensed Service. In order to ensure that WU obtains
the full amount of royalty payments contemplated in this Agreement,
if any Licensed Product is sold or transferred internally within
Licensee or any Sublicensee or other third party with whom Licensee
has any agreement or arrangement regarding consideration (including
but not limited to an option to purchase stock, stock ownership,
division of profits, or special rebates or allowances), the amount
of the Sale shall be deemed to be the greater of (a) the price at
which the Licensed Product is resold to the end user or (b) the
fair market value of the Licensed Product. Similarly, if any
Licensed Service is performed internally within Licensee or any
Sublicensee or other third party with whom Licensee has any
agreement or arrangement regarding consideration (including but not
limited to an option to purchase stock, stock ownership, division
of profits, or special rebates or allowances), the amount of
revenue received by Licensee for such performance shall be deemed
to be the greater of (a) the price at which the Licensed Service is
resold to the end user or (b) the fair market value of the Licensed
Service. 

-8- 

5.7             Sublicensing
Revenue Obligations.  Licensee shall pay to WU the percentage
of Sublicensing Revenue identified in the Preamble above within
thirty (30) days of the end of the Calendar Half in which Licensee
receives the Sublicensing Revenue. 

6.             

Place and Method of Payment; Reports and Records; Audit;
Interest . 

6.1             Method
of Payment  .  All
dollar ($) amounts referred to in this Agreement are expressed in
United States dollars. All payments to WU shall be made in United
States dollars by check or electronic transfer payable to
"Washington University." Any Sales revenues for Licensed Products
or revenue for Licensed Services in currency other than United
States dollars shall be converted to United States dollars at the
conversion rate for the foreign currency as published in the
Eastern edition of  The Wall Street
Journal  as of the last business day in the United States of
the applicable Calendar Half. 

6.2             Place
of Payment  .  Checks
shall reference WU Contract Number 004446-0011and shall be sent
to: 

Accounting
Department 

Office
of Technology Management 

Washington
University in St. Louis 

660
South Euclid Avenue, CB 8013 

St.
Louis, MO 63110 

All
payments shall include the WU Contract Number to ensure accurate
crediting to Licensee s account. Electronic transfers shall
be made to a bank account designated in writing by WU. 

6.3             Reports  . 
Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each Calendar Half in
which a Licensed Product is Sold or made or in which a Licensed
Service is performed, Licensee shall deliver to WU, a written
report setting forth the calculation of all amounts due to Licensee
under Sections 5.3 and 5.5 above for such Calendar Half. For
Licensed Products, each such report shall show, at a minimum, (a)
the number of Licensed Products in inventory at the beginning of
such Calendar Half, (b) the number of Licensed Products Sold and
amount of Sales by country during such Calendar Half, (c) the
number of Licensed Products in inventory at the end of such
Calendar Half, (d) the gross receipts for Sales of Licensed
Products during such Calendar Half including total amounts invoiced
and received, (e) any Permissible Deductions giving totals by each
type for such Calendar Half, (f) Net Sales of Licensed Products by
country for such Calendar Half, (g) royalties, fees and payments
due to WU for such Calendar Half, giving totals for each category,
and (h) earned royalty amounts credited against minimum royalty
payments for such Calendar Half. For Licensed Services, each such
report shall show, at a minimum, (a) the number of Licensed
Services performed during such Calendar Half and a description of
such Licensed Services, (b) the total gross revenues by country for
Licensed Services during such Calendar Half including total amounts
invoiced and received, and (c) royalties due to WU for such
Calendar Half, giving totals for each category. 

6.4          
 Books
and Records  .  Licensee
shall maintain complete and accurate books of account and records
that would enable an independent auditor to verify the amounts paid
as royalties, fees and payments under this Agreement. The books and
records must be maintained for ten years following the Calendar
Half after submission of the reports required by this Agreement.
Upon reasonable notice by WU, Licensee must give WU (or auditors or
inspectors appointed by and representing WU) access to all books
and records relating to Sales of Licensed Products by Licensee and
the performance of Licensed Services by Licensee to conduct, at
WU s expense, an audit or review of those books and records.
This access must be available at least once every six (6) months,
during regular business hours, during the term of this Agreement
and for the three calendar years following the year in which
termination or expiration of this Agreement occurs. If any such
audit or review determines that Licensee has underpaid royalties by
5% or more for any Calendar Half, Licensee shall (a) reimburse WU
for the costs and expenses of the accountants and auditors in
connection with the review and audit, and (b) immediately pay WU
the amount of such underpayment along with interest on the past due
amount as provided in Section 6.5 below. 

-9- 

6.5             Interest
and Collection  .  Any
amounts not paid by Licensee to WU when due shall accrue interest,
from the date thirty (30) days after the balance is due at an
interest rate of 1.5% per month or portion of a month. In addition,
Licensee will reimburse WU for all reasonable costs and expenses
incurred (including reasonable attorneys  fees) in collecting
any overdue amounts. 

6.6          
 Foreign
Taxes  .  Payments shall
be paid to WU free and clear of all foreign taxes. If laws, rules
or regulations require withholding of income taxes of other rates
imposed upon payments set forth in this Agreement, Licensee shall
make such withholding payments as required and without subtracting
such withholding payments from such payments to WU. Licensee shall
submit appropriate proof of payment of the withholding rates to WU
within a reasonable period of time. Licensee shall use efforts
consistent with its usual business practices to minimize the extent
of any withholding taxes imposed under the provisions of the
current or any future double taxation treaties or agreement between
foreign countries, and the parties shall cooperate with each other
with respect thereto, with the appropriate party under the
circumstances providing the documentation required under such
treaty or agreement to claim benefits thereunder. 

7.             

Confidentiality . 

7.1          
 Definition of
Confidential Information  .  The parties acknowledge that, prior to
and during the Term of this Agreement, the parties may disclose to
one another scientific, technical, trade secret, business, or other
information which is treated by the disclosing Party as
confidential or proprietary, including but not limited to
unpublished Patent Rights patent applications, Technical
Information, and Tangible Research Property. (hereinafter referred
to as  Confidential Information ). Both parties agree
that in order to ensure that each party understands which
information is deemed to be confidential, all Confidential
Information will be in written form and clearly marked as
 Confidential,  and if the Confidential Information is
initially disclosed in oral or some other non-written form, it will
be confirmed and summarized in writing and clearly marked as
 Confidential  within thirty (30) days of disclosure.
The receiving party shall hold such Confidential Information in
confidence and shall treat such information in the same manner as
it treats its own confidential information but not less than with a
reasonable degree of care. In recognition that WU is a
non-commercial, academic institution, Licensee agrees to limit to
the extent possible the delivery of Licensee Confidential
Information to WU. WU retains the right to refuse to accept any
such information or data from Licensee which it does not consider
to be essential to this Agreement or which it believes to be
improperly designated, for any reason, but such refusal shall not
eliminate the obligation of the individual making such a
determination from treating such information as confidential
hereunder where such information has been read by such individual.
The Confidential Information provided to the receiving party will
remain the property of the disclosing party, and will be disclosed
only to those persons necessary for the performance of this
Agreement. No indirect or consequential damages or damages based on
loss of profits or market share are contemplated or recoverable for
breach of confidentiality. 

7.2          
 Exclusions  . 
Confidential Information does not include information that (a) was
known to the receiving party prior to receipt from the disclosing
party as evidenced by the receiving party s records; (b) is
or becomes part of the public domain through no act by or on behalf
of the receiving party; (c) is lawfully received by the receiving
party from a third party without any restrictions, and/or (d)
comprises identical subject matter to that which had been
originally and independently developed by the receiving party
personnel without knowledge or use of any Confidential Information
as evidenced by the receiving party s records. 

7.3             General
Obligations  .  Subject
to Section 2.5 above and to Sections 7.5 and 7.6 below, the
receiving party agrees that during the term of this Agreement and
forever thereafter it will (a) refrain from disclosing any
Confidential Information to third parties, (b) disclose
Confidential Information to only those employees of the receiving
party necessary for the receiving party to use the Confidential
Information in accordance with this Agreement and who are subject
to restrictions on use and disclosure at least as restrictive as
those set forth in this Agreement, (c) keep confidential the
Confidential Information, and (d) except for use in accordance with
the licenses which are expressly granted in this Agreement, refrain
from using Confidential Information. 

-10- 

7.4    
      No
License  .  By
disclosing the WU Confidential Information to Licensee, WU does not
grant any express or implied rights to Licensee under any patents,
copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets. WU reserves, without
prejudice, the ability to protect its rights under any such
patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets. 

7.5          
 Judicial
Procedures  .  The
receiving party may, to the extent necessary, disclose the
disclosing party s Confidential Information in accordance
with a judicial or other governmental order, provided that the
receiving party either (a) gives the disclosing party reasonable
notice prior to such disclosure to allow the disclosing party a
reasonable opportunity to seek a protective order or equivalent, or
(b) obtains written assurance from the applicable judicial or
governmental entity that it will afford the Confidential
Information the highest level of protection afforded under
applicable law or regulation. 

7.6     
    Governmental
Approvals  .  Licensee
may, to the extent necessary, use and disclose the Confidential
Information to secure governmental approval to clinically test or
market a Licensed Product or Licensed Service, or, if applicable,
to secure patent protection for an invention within the Patent
Rights. Licensee will, in any such event, take all reasonably
available steps to maintain the confidentiality of the disclosed
Confidential Information and to guard against any further
disclosure. 

8.             

Representations and Warranties . 

8.1          
 Authority  . 
Each of WU and Licensee represents and warrants to the other of
them that (a) this Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered and constitutes a valid and binding agreement enforceable
against such party in accordance with its terms, (b) no
authorization or approval from any third party is required in
connection with such party s execution, delivery, or
performance of this Agreement, and (c) the execution,
delivery, and performance of this Agreement does not violate the
laws of any jurisdiction or the terms or conditions of any other
agreement to which it is a party or by which it is otherwise
bound. 

8.2          
 Compliance with
Laws  .  Licensee
represents and warrants that it will (a) use the Patent Rights,
Tangible Research Property and Technical Information only to
exploit the license rights granted in Sections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and with such
laws, rules, regulations, government permissions and standards as
may be applicable thereto in the Territory and in the Field, and
(b) otherwise comply with all laws, rules, regulations, government
permissions and standards as may be applicable to Licensee in the
Territory with respect to the performance by Licensee of its
obligations hereunder. 

8.3   
    Reports
and Statements .  Licensee warrants that all reports
and/or statements provided by Licensee hereunder are true and
correct and are certified true and correct by Licensee upon
delivery to WU. 

8.4   
     Additional
Warranties of Licensee  .  Licensee represents and warrants that
(a) it has obtained the insurance coverage required by Article 11
below, and (b) there is no pending litigation and no threatened
claims against it that could impair its ability or capacity to
perform and fulfill its duties and obligations under this
Agreement. 

8.5   
     Additional
Warranties of WU.  WU represents and warrants that (a) it has
in place an intellectual property policy that provides for its
ownership (subject to any rights retained by the U.S. government by
operation of law) of the Patent Rights, Technical Information and
Tangible Research Property; (b) as of the Effective Date, it has
received no notice of any third party claims against WU challenging
WU s ownership or control of the Patent Rights, Technical
Information and Tangible Research Property; and (c) it has obtained
assignments from all WU inventors named in patent applications
within the Patent Rights assigning to WU all their right, title and
interest in and to the Patent Rights. 

-11- 

9.             

Application, Prosecution and Maintenance of Patent
Rights . 

9.1             Patent
Applications  .  WU has
the sole right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution,
issue and maintenance of Patent Rights patents and applications.
Subject to compliance by Licensee of the terms and conditions of
this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 9.2
below),WU will (a) prosecute and maintain the applications and
patents within the Patent Rights, and (b) prepare, file and
prosecute additional applications within the Patent Rights as
Licensee may reasonably request, in WU's name at Licensee s
sole cost and expense. WU will select qualified outside patent
counsel and corresponding foreign associates reasonably acceptable
to Licensee to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain U.S.
patents/applications and foreign counterparts within the Patent
Rights. WU will consult with Licensee regarding the prosecution of
Patent Rights patent applications including, without limitation,
providing Licensee a reasonable opportunity to review and comment
on proposed submissions to any patent office before the submission
is filed. WU will keep Licensee reasonably informed of the status
of Patent Rights patents and applications by timely giving Licensee
copies of significant communications relating to such Patent Rights
that are received from any patent office or outside patent counsel
of record or foreign associate. 

9.2             Costs
and Expenses  .  Subject
to Section 9.3 below, Licensee agrees to reimburse WU for all
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by WU in connection with the
preparation, filing, prosecution, issue and/or maintenance of
patents and applications within the Patent Rights both prior to the
Effective Date on patent actions authorized by Licensee and anytime
thereafter during the term of this Agreement provided WU provides
Licensee notice of such fees before the date on which the
applicable cost or expense is to be incurred by WU. Licensee agrees
to pay WU the amount of any such reimbursement within thirty (30)
days after receipt by Licensee of documentation for any such costs
and expenses, which WU may provide to Licensee from
time-to-time. 

9.3           
 Failure
to Reimburse  . 
Licensee may elect not to reimburse WU for amounts due under
Section 9.2 in respect to one or more Patent Rights patent and/or
applications only by giving WU notice of such election at least
thirty (30) days before the date on which the applicable cost or
expense is to be incurred by WU (each an  Election
Notice ). For purposes of this Section 9.3, a cost or expense
shall be deemed to be incurred by WU on the earlier of (a) the date
WU actually pays the cost or expense, or (b) the date WU becomes
obligated to pay the cost or expense (which, for example, shall be
the date WU engages a third party to perform any service which
gives rise to any such cost or expense). Any such Election Notice
shall specify the Patent Rights patents and/or applications to
which such Election Notice relates ( Elected Patent
Rights ). In the event any Election Notice is given by
Licensee, (a) the term  Patent Rights  shall be
modified to exclude, as applicable, such Elected Patent Rights, (b)
the term  Technical Information  shall be modified to
exclude any research and development information, unpatented
inventions, know-how, data, methods, and technical data and
information no longer necessary for the exploitation of the license
granted to the remaining Patent Rights, and (c) the term
 Tangible Research Property  shall be modified to
exclude any and all research tools and other personal property that
WU may have provided to Licensee that is no longer necessary for
the exploitation of the license granted to the remaining Patent
Rights, in each instance as of the date the Election Notice is
given. Accordingly, and for the avoidance of doubt, as of the date
the Election Notice is given, the license to the Elected Patent
Rights, the applicable Technical Information and the applicable
Tangible Research Property granted to Licensee under Sections 2.1,
2.2 and 2.3 above shall terminate, and WU shall be free, without
any further obligation to Licensee whatsoever, to abandon the
applications or patents subject to the Election Notice, or to
continue prosecution or maintenance, for WU s sole use and
benefit, including a license to unrelated third parties, at
WU s option. Licensee agrees to deliver to WU, along with any
Election Notice, all Technical Information and Tangible Research
Property to which such Election Notice relates. For the avoidance
of doubt, WU will not refund any amounts paid under Section 9.2 to
WU prior to WU s receipt of an Election Notice. 

-12- 

9.4             Community
of Interest.  The Parties desire to avail themselves to the
maximum extent possible of all applicable legal privileges. The
Parties intend that information regarding the preparation, filing,
prosecution and maintenance of the applications and patents within
the Patent Rights ( Shared Information ) that would
otherwise be subject to one or more legal privileges or protections
is and shall be subject to those same privileges and protections
despite the fact that it has been developed by or exchanged between
or among them and/or their joint or independent counsel. The
Parties further intend that Shared Information is and shall be
subject to the joint defense doctrine and common interest/community
of interest doctrine as recognized in such cases as Hunydee v.
United States, 355 F.2d 183 (9th Cir. 1965), Continental Oil
Company v. United States, 330 F.2d 347 (9th Cir. 1964), In re
University of California, 101 F.3d 1386 (Fed. Cir. 1996), and In re
Spalding Sports Worldwide, Inc., 203 F.3d 800 (Fed. Cir. 2000),
including the cases cited therein. The Parties acknowledge that the
legal privileges and protections pertaining to Shared Information
are held jointly by all Parties, and that no individual Party is
authorized to waive any such privilege or protection. Further, this
Agreement shall not affect the ethical, fiduciary or other
obligations inherent in those attorney-client relationships other
than to extend the cloak of confidentiality and privilege to the
Shared Information as provided herein. Each Party agrees that
Shared Information obtained from another Party or developed jointly
shall be used only for the preparation and prosecution of the
Licensed Patents and for no other purpose. Each Party agrees to
keep Shared Information confidential, disclose Shared Information
within each Party only to those individuals who have a business
need to know the information and not to disclose Shared Information
to any person or firm not a Party to this License
Agreement. 

10.             

Infringement, Enforcement, and Defense . 

10.1       
    Notice of
Infringement  . 
Throughout the term of this Agreement, each of WU and Licensee
agree to give the other prompt notice of (a) any known or suspected
infringement of the Patent Rights or unauthorized use or disclosure
of the Technical Information and/or Tangible Research Property in
the Territory, and (b) any claim that a Licensed Product or
Licensed Service infringes the intellectual property rights of a
third party. 

10.2              
 Patent
Rights  .  

10.2.1                     
 Enforcement  . 
Licensee, at its sole expense, will attempt to stop promptly any
infringement of the Patent Rights in the Territory. Upon receipt of
WU s written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, Licensee may initiate and prosecute actions in its own
name or, if required by law, in WU s name against third
parties for infringement of the Patent Rights in the Territory
through outside counsel of Licensee s choice who are
reasonably acceptable to WU. Licensee shall consult with WU prior
to and in conjunction with all significant issues, shall keep WU
informed of all proceedings, and shall provide copies to WU of all
pleadings, legal analyses, and other papers related to such
actions. WU will provide reasonable assistance to Licensee in
prosecuting any such actions. If Licensee fails or declines to take
any action under this Section 10.2.1 within a reasonable time after
learning of the infringement of the Patent Rights, WU shall have
the right (but not the obligation) to take appropriate actions
including, without limitation, filing a lawsuit. Licensee will
provide reasonable assistance to WU in prosecuting, resolving
and/or settling any such actions In the event a third party alleged
to have infringed the Patent Rights brings a declaratory judgment
action against Licensee, Licensee may at its sole discretion
decline to litigate the declaratory judgment action or initiate
action for the alleged infringement in question.  Should
Licensee decline to litigate a declaratory judgment action, WU
shall have the right (but not the obligation) to defend Licensee
and the Patent Rights at WU's sole expense and direction. 
Licensee will provide reasonable assistance to WU in prosecuting,
defending, resolving and/or settling such action. Nothing under
this Section 10.2.1 shall be construed to require Licensee to
initiate or prosecute an action for patent infringement against
third parties. 

10.2.2                        Restrictions
on Settlement  . 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
Licensee may not, without the advanced written consent of WU,
settle, compromise, or otherwise enter into any form of settlement
(or other similar agreement) regarding any claim of action brought
under Section 10.2.1 above that either (a) admits liability on the
part of WU, (b) otherwise negatively affects the rights of WU or
imposes any liability, restrictions or obligation upon WU, (c)
requires any financial payment by WU, (d) concedes or otherwise
portions the Territory and/or (e) grants rights or concessions to a
third party to the Patent Rights, any Licensed Products, any
Licensed Services. 

-13- 

10.2.3                        Proceeds  . 
If Licensee obtains any value, payment or compensation of any type
or kind as a result of any claim brought pursuant to Section 10.2.1
above, such proceeds shall be distributed in accordance with the
further provisions of this Section 10.2.3. Licensee shall pay to WU
a percentage of any and all proceeds equal to the Patent Royalty
Rate. 

10.3             Technical
Information  .  WU shall
have the exclusive right (but not the obligation) to institute
legal action against any third party arising out of such third
party s actual or threatened infringement or misappropriation
of the Technical Information, and WU shall retain any and all
proceeds from any such actions. Licensee shall have no right to
make any demands or claims, bring suit, effect any settlements or
take any other action with respect to any such infringement or
misappropriation without the prior written consent of
WU. 

11.             

Indemnification . 

11.1            Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement, Licensee agrees to indemnify,
reimburse and hold harmless WU, WU personnel, the principal
investigator, WU s Affiliates, and each of their respective
present trustees, faculty, staff, employees, students, directors,
officers, agents, successors and assigns (altogether the  WU
Indemnitees ) from, for and against any and all judgments,
settlements, losses, expenses, damages and/or liabilities (the
 Losses ) and any and all court costs, attorneys 
fees, and expert witness fees and expenses ( Fees )
that a WU Indemnitee may incur from any and all allegations,
claims, suits, actions or proceedings (the  Claims )
arising out of, relating to, or incidental to Licensee s
breach of this Agreement or its use, commercialization, or other
exploitation of WU deliverables, whether by or through Licensee,
and including all Claims for infringement, injury to business,
personal injury and product liability, but excluding Losses, not
Fees, to the extent they are adjudicated by a Court of competent
jurisdiction to be caused by the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of a WU Indemnitee. 

11.2           
WU agrees to indemnify,
reimburse and hold harmless Licensee, Licensee personnel,
Licensee s Affiliates, and its present staff, employees,
directors, officers, agents, successors and assigns (together the
 Licensee Indemnitees ) from, for and against any and
all Losses and Fees that a Licensee Indemnitee may incur from any
and all Claims by WU Indemnitees arising out of, relating to, or
incidental to WU s activities pursuant to this Agreement,
including, without limitation, WU s use, storage or handling
of company property at WU. 

11.3            Obligations
set forth in this section shall survive termination of this
Agreement, shall continue even after assignment of rights and
responsibilities, and shall not be limited by any provision of this
Agreement outside this section. A party seeking indemnification
under this Agreement shall: (a) give the indemnifying party prompt
written notice of the Claim; (b) cooperate with the indemnifying
party, at the indemnifying party s expense, in connection
with the defense and settlement of the Claim; and (c) not settle or
compromise the Claim without the written consent of the
indemnifying party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. An
indemnifying party may satisfy its duty to indemnify for Fees by
accepting an irrevocable duty to defend the Claim on behalf of the
Indemnitees without a reservation of rights, at which time the
indemnifying party shall be entitled to conduct and direct the
defense of Indemnitees against such Claim using attorneys of its
own selection; for all other Claims, the Indemnitee shall be
entitled to conduct and direct its own defense and that of other
Indemnitees using attorneys of its own selection with Fees subject
to the indemnifying party s ongoing obligation to indemnify
for Fees.    

12.             

Insurance . 

Throughout
the Term of this Agreement and for a period of five (5) years
thereafter, Licensee shall obtain and maintain comprehensive
general liability and product liability insurance, naming WU as an
additional insured, with carrier(s) having at least A.M. Best
ratings/class sizes of A/VII and in the following minimum annual
limits: From the Effective Date until the date at least one day
prior to the First Commercial Sale or clinical study: $2,000,000
per occurrence and $5,000,000 in the aggregate; and from the date
at least one day prior to the First Commercial Sale or clinical
study: $5,000,000 per occurrence and $10,000,000 in the
aggregate. 

Licensee
will provide WU with a certificate of insurance within thirty days
of execution of this Agreement and annually thereafter. The
certificates must provide that Licensee s insurer will notify
WU in writing at least thirty (30) days prior to cancellation or
material change in coverage. The specified minimum insurance
coverage and   limits do not
constitute a limitation on Licensee s liability or obligation
to indemnify or defend under this Agreement. 

-14- 

13.             

Term and Termination . 

13.1   
      Term . The
Term of this Agreement is defined in the Preamble and is subject to
earlier termination as provided herein. 

13.2   
      Termination By
Licensee.    Licensee may terminate this
Agreement without cause by (a) giving notice thereof to WU, and (b)
paying WU, along with such notice, all amounts due and owing to WU
under this Agreement as of the date of termination and a
termination fee ( Termination Fee ). Any such
termination shall be effective on the date such notice is given
along with the Termination Fee. The Termination Fee shall be an
amount equal to all amounts that would have come due under this
Agreement (absent termination) under Sections 5.2, 5.4 and 5.5
above in the one hundred twenty (120) day period after the
effective date of termination. 

13.3   
      Termination by
WU  .  WU may terminate
this Agreement by giving notice thereof to Licensee upon the
occurrence of any one or more of the following events (in which
event this Agreement shall terminate on the date such notice is
given): (a) Licensee fails to meet any of the milestones set forth
in the Development Plan and/or in Exhibit F on or before the times
set forth in the Development Plan (regardless of whether Licensee
has used its best efforts to do so) and fails to remedy such
failure within sixty (60) days after WU gives Licensee notice of
such failure, (b) Licensee breaches any other written agreement
between Licensee and WU (and/or defaults in any obligation to WU
outside the scope of this Agreement) and Licensee fails to remedy
such breach (or default) within sixty (60) days after WU gives
Licensee notice of, as applicable, such breach or default, (c)
   Licensee exercises, or
attempts or offers to exercise, any rights with respect to the
Patent Rights and/or the Technical Information outside the scope of
the licenses granted to Licensee in Article 2 above, (d) Licensee
breaches any provision of Article 6 above, and/or (e) Licensee (i)
becomes insolvent, bankrupt, or is otherwise unable to pay its
debt(s) to WU by the due date(s), or (ii) Licensee suffers the
appointment of a receiver, receiver and manager, or administrative
receiver of the whole or any part of its assets or undertaking,
(iii) a resolution is passed, for its winding up (other than for
the purpose of amalgamation or reconstruction),. 

13.4          
 Breach
and Failure to Cure  . 
WU may terminate this Agreement by giving notice thereof to
Licensee in the event Licensee commits a breach of any provision of
this Agreement (other than a breach of the type contemplated by
Section 13.3 above) and fails to cure such breach within sixty (60)
days after the day that WU gives Licensee notice of such breach.
Such termination shall be effective on the date such notice of
termination is given. Licensee may terminate this Agreement by
giving notice thereof to WU in the event WU commits a breach of any
provision of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within
thirty (30) days after the day that Licensee gives notice to WU of
such breach, and such termination shall be effective on the date
such notice of termination is given. 

13.5   
      Duties Upon
Expiration or Earlier Termination  .  For the avoidance of doubt, on the
date of expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, all
license rights granted to Licensee under Article 2 above shall
terminate. Licensee agrees to, promptly upon the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement, deliver to WU all originals,
copies, reproductions and summaries of all Tangible Research
Property, Technical Information and Confidential Information, in
each instance in the format in which it exists at the time of
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, or in another
mutually agreed format. Within ten (10) days after the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever,
Licensee agrees to deliver a written report to WU of all Licensed
Products in inventory. If this Agreement terminates before the
expiration of the last-to-expire Patent Rights, then, upon the
termination of this Agreement, Licensee agrees (a) to immediately
discontinue the exportation of Licensed Products that were made in
the Territory, (b) to immediately discontinue the manufacture, Sale
and distribution of the Licensed Products in the Territory and the
performance of Licensed Services in the Territory, (c) to
immediately destroy all Licensed Products in inventory, and (d) not
to manufacture, sell and/or distribute Licensed Products in the
Territory until the expiration of applicable last-to-expire Patent
Rights. If this Agreement expires, Licensee agrees to, within ten
(10) days after the expiration of this Agreement, pay WU a royalty
for the Licensed Products in inventory equal to the Royalty Rate of
the then current market value of the Licensed Products in
inventory. 

-15- 

13.6          
    Effect of
Expiration or Earlier Termination  .  For the avoidance of doubt, the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement shall not
relieve Licensee of its obligation to account for and make payment
to WU of any amount due hereunder including, without limitation,
any royalties accrued during the Term of this Agreement and amounts
under Section 9.2 and 13.2 above. 

14.              

   Disclaimer and
Limitation of Liability  .  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING HEREIN TO THE
CONTRARY, EVERYTHING PROVIDED BY WU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS
UNDERSTOOD TO BE EXPERIMENTAL IN NATURE, MAY HAVE HAZARDOUS
PROPERTIES, AND IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY PATENT, TRADEMARK, COPYRIGHT OR
ANY OTHER THIRD-PARTY RIGHT. WU MAKES NO WARRANTIES REGARDING THE
QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMMERCIAL VIABILITY OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF ITS
PERFORMANCE PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR REGARDING THE
PERFORMANCE, VALIDITY, SAFETY, EFFICACY OR COMMERCIAL VIABILITY OF
ANYTHING PROVIDED BY WU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL WU
OR LICENSEE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT,
WHETHER IN BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTY
IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBLITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT FOR THEIR
RESPECTIVE INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS, EACH OF WU S AND
LICENSEE S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE PAYMENTS MADE OR PAYMENTS DUE UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT, RESPECTIVELY. 

15.             

General Provisions . 

15.1         
 Import/Export
Controls . In performing their respective obligations under
the Agreement, the Parties will comply with United States export
control and asset control laws, regulations, and orders, as they
may be amended from time to time, applicable to the export or
re-export of goods or services, including software, processes, or
technical data. Such regulations include without limitation the
Export Administration Regulations ( EAR ),
International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( ITAR ), and
regulations and orders administered by the Treasury
Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control (collectively,
 Export Control Laws ). WU is not transferring any
information or material outside of the United States under this
Agreement and is providing no representation regarding the export
control status or classification of any information or materials
provided hereunder. 

15.2         
 Entire
Agreement; Amendment  . 
This Agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties and
supersedes all other past and present communications and agreements
relating to the subject matter. No amendment or modification of
this Agreement shall be valid unless made in writing and signed by
authorized representatives of both parties. 

15.3           Governing
Law, Jurisdiction and Venue . This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
Missouri, without regard to its rules or procedures involving
conflicts of laws. All actions relating to this Agreement shall be
brought exclusively in the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Missouri or the Circuit Court of St. Louis
County, Missouri, if no federal subject matter jurisdiction exists.
The Parties irrevocably waive all present and future objections to
personal jurisdiction, forum or venue in such courts. 

15.4        
 Survival  . 
Each provision of this Agreement that would by its nature or terms
survive, shall survive any termination or expiration of this
Agreement, regardless of the cause. Such provisions include,
without limitation, Sections 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, and 14. 

-16- 

15.5   
        Notices  . 
Notices pursuant to this Agreement shall be to the following
contacts and are effective when sent if sent by a commercial
carrier s overnight delivery service or when received if sent
otherwise: 

Office of
Technology Management 

Attention:
Director 

Washington
University in St. Louis 

660 South Euclid
Avenue, CB 8013 

St. Louis, MO
63110 

15.6    
     Assignment  . 
This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the
Parties and their successors, but this Agreement may not be
assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the
other party. 

15.7      
    Construction  . 
The recitals and preamble to this Agreement, if any, are hereby
incorporated as an integral part of this Agreement as if restated
herein in full. Headings are included for convenience and reference
only and are not incorporated as an integral part of this
Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts each of which shall be deemed an original and as
executed shall constitute one agreement, binding on both parties,
even though both parties do not sign the same
counterpart. 

15.8      
    Relationship of the
Parties  .  Each Party
is an independent contractor and not a partner or agent of the
other Party. This Agreement will not be interpreted or construed as
creating or evidencing any partnership or agency between the
Parties or as imposing any partnership or agency obligation or
liability upon either Party. Further, neither Party is authorized
to, and will not, enter into or incur any agreement, contract,
commitment, obligation or liability in the name of or otherwise on
behalf of the other Party. 

15.9       
 Severability .  If any
provision in this Agreement is held invalid, illegal, or
unenforceable in any respect, such holding shall not affect any
other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be
construed as if it had never contained the invalid, illegal, or
unenforceable provisions. 

15.10         
 Remedies  . 
The failure of either Party to insist upon or enforce strict
performance by the other Party of any provision of this Agreement,
or to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement will not be
interpreted or construed as a waiver or relinquishment of that
Party's right to assert or rely upon any such provision, right or
remedy in that or any other instance; rather, the same will be and
remain in full force and effect. All rights and remedies under this
Agreement are cumulative of every other such right or remedy and
may be exercised concurrently or separately from
time-to-time. 

15.11   
      Use of
Names  .  Neither Party
may use the trademarks or name of the other Party or its employees
for any commercial, advertisement, or promotional purposes without
the prior written consent of the other with WU acting through an
authorized corporate officer. If either party is required by law,
governmental regulation, or its own authorship or conflict of
interest policies to disclose its relationship with the other
Party, including, but not limited to, in SEC filings, scientific
publications or grant submissions, it shall provide the other Party
with a copy of the disclosure. 

15.12     
    Force
Majeure  .  Neither WU
nor Licensee will be liable for failure of or delay in performing
obligations set forth in this Agreement, and neither will be deemed
in breach of its obligations, other than for Payments, if such
failure or delay is due to natural disasters or other causes
reasonably beyond the control of a Party and reasonable notice of
the delay is provided to the other Party. 

15.13   
     WU
Personnel  .  Licensee
agrees that for all WU faculty or staff members who serve Licensee
in the capacity of consultant, officer, employee, board member,
advisor, or otherwise through a personal relationship with Licensee
(a  Consultant ) (i) such Consultant shall serve the
Licensee in his or her individual capacity, as an independent
contractor, and not as an agent, employee or representative of WU;
(ii) WU exercises no authority or control over such Consultant
while acting in such capacity; (iii) WU receives no benefit from
such activity; (iv) neither Licensee nor the Consultant may use WU
resources in the course of such service; (v) WU makes no
representations or warranties regarding such service and otherwise
assumes no liability or obligation in connection 
 with
any such work or service undertaken by such Consultant; and (vi)
any breach, error, or omission by a Consultant acting in the
capacity set forth in this paragraph shall not be imputed or
otherwise attributed to WU, and shall not constitute a breach of
this Agreement by WU. 

-17- 

15.14             
 Further
Acts . Each party shall, at the reasonable request of the
other, execute and deliver to the other such instruments and/or
documents and shall take such actions as may be required to more
effectively carry out the terms of this Agreement. 

15.15            
 Impact
on Tax-Exempt Status .  WU advises (a) that it is exempt
from federal income tax under Section 501(c) (3) of the Internal
Revenue Code, (b) that maintenance of such exempt status is of
critical importance to WU and to its members, and (c) that WU has
entered into this Agreement with the expectation that there will be
no adverse impact on its tax exempt status. As such, and if it
becomes necessary, the parties agree to amend, modify or reform
this Agreement as necessary (i) in order to ensure that there is no
material adverse impact on WU's tax exempt status, and (ii) in a
manner that preserves the economic terms of the Agreement as such
are set forth in this Agreement. 

The
signatures of the undersigned indicate that they have read,
understand and agree with the terms of this Agreement and have the
authority to execute this Agreement on behalf of their represented
Party and to bind their Party to all the terms of this
Agreement. 

WASHINGTON
UNIVERSITY 

By:
  /s/ Bradley J. Castanho,
Ph.D.   

Title:       

Assistant Vice
Chancellor for Research 

Office of
Technology Management 

Washington
University in St. Louis 

LICENSEE 

By: 
 /s/ Tom
Varvaro  

Title:
 CFO  

-18- 

Exhibit A 

Initial Development Plan 

(a) a
definition and/or specification of each Licensed Product/Service
planned for development, 

Field
1 

Dietary
supplement, sports nutrition, foods with health claims,
skincare/cosmetics 

Field
2 

food
or drink products requiring FDA approval 

Field
3 

Consumer foods,
such as dairy products, formulas, cereal 

Field
4 

Research (ref
standard at $3000/gram) 

Field
5 

Pharmaceuticals 

(b) the
tasks to be performed by Licensee, its contractors to develop each
Licensed Product to the point of commercialization, including
estimated time schedules for specific tasks such as prototype
development, beta testing, trials, product development, and market
surveys and testing; 

Product
Development 

ChromaDex embarked
on an ambitious NR product development program to yield a
commercially viable product. After careful review of the patent
literature surrounding the synthesis of NR and 9 months of
continuous experimentation, ChromaDex scientists have arrived at an
improved synthetic chemistry approach that yields a high purity NR
product with very good recoveries. While the methodolgy is sound
and reproducible, the resultant material is not a commercially
viable product. ChromaDex has contracted with two commercial
partners to refine the methodology, generate a commericially viable
product and scale up the resultant process to commercial production
levels. Our expected availability of product is anticipated to be
mid Q3 of 2013. 

Product
Profile, Commercial Viability and Impact on Plan 

The
business plan will be contigent upon having cost effective
commercially viable product, therefore the timeline for commercial
and clinical events will be represented at L + or -. L will
represent the date ChromaDex has the availability of commercially
viable product. Commercial viability is dependent on profile and
cost. 

Clinical
Plan 

Nicotinamide
Riboside 

PK 

L +
3mos 

Initial
data to support dosing and safety 

Nicotinamide
Riboside 

comparison
to niacin in optimization of NAD pathway and its
effects 

L +
3mos 

For
cholesterol mainly, but other minor niacin comparisons
(anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory) 

Nicotinamide
Riboside 

Weight
loss, metabolism, and associated molecular markers 

L +
6mos 

This is
based on NR conversion to NAD, and NAD's role in activating histone
deacetylases (HDACs) which are used to control
metabolism 

Nicotinamide
Riboside 

Endurance
and sports nutrition 

L + 9
mos 

Based
on NR's position in the NAD recycling pathway following use in ATP
production 

Nicotinamide
Riboside 

Joint
health 

L + 15
mos 

Based
on a comparison to niacin's ability to increase range of motion,
decrease pain, and act as an anti-inflammatory 

Nicotinamide
Riboside 

Chemotherapy-induced
neuropathy 

L +
21mos 

This
ican be an OTC and ulitimatley a pharma inquiry 

-19- 

(c) the
tasks to be performed to achieve regulatory approval or other
certification of each Licensed Product/Service, including estimated
time schedules for each; 

Regulatory
Plan 

Self
affirmed GRAS L+18 mos 

(d) the
identification of the primary country(ies) in which the Licensed
Product(s)Service(s) will be sold and a good faith estimate of time
of First Commercial Sale in the primary country(ies);
and 

-20- 

Exhibit B 

Tangible Research Properties 

NAD biosynthetic pathway carboxy His-tag murine cDNAs that
encode: 

Nmnat1 

Nmnat2 

Nmnat3 

Nrk1 

Nrk2 

Nampt 

-21- 

Exhibit C 

Technical Information 

Specific
protocols from the laboratory of Jeffrey Milbrandt outlining
experimental details of the prevention of axonal degradation by
increased activity of NAD salvage pathway via NMNAT and
Sir2 

-22- 

Exhibit D 

Sublicense Agreement Provisions 

Sublicensee agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless WU Indemnitees to the same extent
and under terms no less favorable to WU Indemnitees as
Licensee s obligations under Article 11 of this
Agreement. 

Sublicensee agrees
to maintain insurance for WU s benefit to the same extent and
under terms no less favorable to WU as Licensee s obligations
under Article 12 of this Agreement. 

Sublicensee agrees
to maintain books and records and allow audits for WU s
benefit to the same extent and under terms no less favorable to WU
as Licensee s obligations under this Agreement. 

If
Licensee enters bankruptcy or receivership, voluntarily or
involuntarily, sublicensing revenue then or thereafter due to
Licensee will, upon notice from WU to any Sublicensee, become
directly due and owing to WU for the account of Licensee. WU will
remit to Licensee any amounts received that exceed the sum actually
owed by Licensee to WU. 

Washington
University is a third party beneficiary of this Sublicense
Agreement. Accordingly, Washington University may enforce this
Agreement against Sublicensee to the same extent as the
Sublicensor. 

-23- 

Exhibit E 

Patent Rights 

-24- 

Exhibit F 

Diligence Milestones 

Market 

Milestone 

Timing 

Field 1 (  dietary supplement, sports
nutrition, functional foods, skin
care/cosmetic)  

Commercial-scale
production 

12
months 

Cumulative
sales  3kg 

18
months 

$200K
cumulative sales 

24
months 

$1M
cumulative sales 

36
months 

Field 2   (food/beverage with FDA
approval)  

Cumulative
sales  3kg 

36
months 

Cumulative
sales  20kg 

48
months 

Field 3   (consumer
foods)  

Cumulative
sales  3kg 

24months 

$100K
cumulative sales 

36
months 

$500K
cumulative sales 

48months 

Field 4   (research)  

$5K
cumulative sales 

24
months 

$10K
cumulative sales 

36
months 

Field 5   (pharmaceutical)  

TBD 

TBD 

-25- 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 9
 ex10-5.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

SEC Connect 

Exhibit
10.5 

AMENDMENT
#1 TO EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment #1 ( First Amendment ) is made and entered
into on December 15, 2015 ( First Amendment Effective
Date ) by and between The Washington University, a
corporation established by special act of the Missouri General
Assembly approved February 22, 1853 and acts amendatory thereto,
having its principal offices at One Brookings Drive, St. Louis,
Missouri 63130 (hereinafter referred to as  WU ) and
Chromadex, Inc., a corporation of the State of California, having a
place of business at 10005 Muirlands Blvd., Suite G, Irvine, CA
92618 (hereinafter referred to as  Licensee ), each a
 Party  or collectively the  Parties  of
this Agreement. 

WHEREAS, WU and
Licensee entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (WU Contract
No. 004446-011) on March 4, 2013 ( ELA ); 

WHEREAS, certain
information in the ELA was designated  TBD  in the
 Milestone and Payments  table on page 1 and in the
Exhibit F  Diligence Milestones  table; 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the agreements
below, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties
hereby agree as follows: 

1.  

  The Milestones and
Payments table in the Preamble on page 1 is replaced in its
entirety with the following: 

2.  

  The Diligence
Milestones table in Exhibit F is replaced in its entirety with the
following: 

The
Parties hereby agree to amend the terms of the ELA as provided
above, effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date. Where
the ELA is not explicitly amended, the terms of the ELA will remain
in force. Definitions used in this First Amendment that are not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings such terms are
given in the ELA. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the authorized representatives of the parties
hereto have executed this Amendment by affixing their signatures
below on the date(s) indicated: 

Chromadex,
Inc.   

Washington
University 

By:  /s/ Troy Rhonemus  

     Name:
Troy Rhonemus   

     Title:
COO   

     Date:
1/2/2016 

By:  /s/ Nichole
Mercier  

     Name:
Nichole Mercier, Ph.D. 

     Title:
Interim Director, OTM 

     Date:
12.21.15 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 10
 ex10-6.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

SEC Connect 

Exhibit
10.6 

LICENSE
AGREEMENT 

THIS
LICENSE AGREEMENT is made as of this 1 st  Day of August 2013
( Execution Date ) by and between the GREEN MOLECULAR
S.L., a Spanish corporation with a principal address at Parc
Cientific Universidad de Valencia, Pol gono La Coma s/n, 46980
Paterna, Valencia, Spain ( GM ) and Chromadex, Inc. , a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of California
with a principal address 10005 Muirlands Bvld Suite G, Irvine ,
California 92618 ( CHROMADEX ) 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , GM has developed inventions and
desire to commercialize such inventions related to
Pterostilbene. 

WHEREAS, CHROMADEX
wishes to acquire certain rights and licenses with respect to the
Patent Rights in accordance with the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
contained herein, and intending to be legally bound herby, the
parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
1 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1  

  Unless otherwise
provided in this Agreement, the following terms when used with
initial capital letters shall have the meanings set forth
below: 

" Affiliate " means, when used
with reference to CHROMADEX, any Person directly or indirectly
controlling, controlled by or under common control with
CHROMADEX. 

" Bankruptcy Event " means the
person in question becomes insolvent, or voluntary or involuntary
proceedings by or against such person are instituted in bankruptcy
or under any insolvency law, or a receiver or custodian is
appointed for such person, or proceedings are instituted by or
against such person for corporate dissolution of such person, which
proceedings, if involuntary, shall not have been dismissed within
sixty (60) days after the date of filing, or such person makes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or substantially all of
the assets of such person are seized or attached and not released
within sixty (60) days thereafter. 

" Calendar Quarter " means each
three-month period, or any portion thereof, beginning on January 1,
April 1, July 1 and October 1. 

" Confidential Information " means
all technical information, developments, discoveries, methods,
techniques, formulae, processes and other information relating to
Pterostilbene that GM or CHROMADEX owns or controls on the date
hereof or owns or controls during the term of this Agreement,
including by way of illustration and not limitation, designs, data,
drawings, documents, models, business practices, financial data and
other similar information. 

" Effective Date " shall mean the
date that is the earlier of (i) the date of completion of the
formulation feasibility study or (ii) six (6) months from the
Execution Date of this Agreement. 

-1- 

" Field " means the use of
Pterostilbene and Pterostiblene combinations as listed in the
PATENTS for topical over the counter products, Topical cosmetics,
physician dispensed topical products and topical Rx treatments with
structure and or function claims related to the Valid Claims as
defined below. 

Expanded
Field  means the use of Pterostilbene and Pterostiblene
combinations as listed in the PATENTS for topical and oral over the
counter products, Topical cosmetics, physician dispensed topical or
oral products and topical or oral Rx treatments with structure and
or function claims related to the Valid Claims as defined
below. 

" Net Sales Price " means the
gross amount charged by CHROMADEX for a Licensed Product less any
(a) trade, quantity and cash discounts on Licensed Products
actually provided to third parties in connection with arms length
transactions, (b) credits, allowances or refunds, not to exceed the
original invoice amount, for actual claims, damaged goods,
rejections or returns of Licensed Products, and (c) excise, sale,
use, value added or other taxes, other than income taxes, paid by
Licensee due to the Sale of Licensed Products. If a Licensed
Product is sold for consideration other than solely cash, the fair
market value of such other consideration shall be included in the
Net Sales Price. If a Licensed Product is sold in a package, kit,
or blended with other products or services which is not a Licensed
Product, the Net Sales Price for purposes of calculating the
royalty under Article 3 hereof shall be calculated by multiplying
the Net Sales Price of the combination product or service by the
fraction of A/A+B, where "A" is the Net Sales Price of the Licensed
Product or Service when sold separately and "B" is the Net Sales
Price of the other product or service or products or services when
sold. 

" Patent(s) " means the any
patents or applications which claim the invention(s) summarized in
Appendix A which relate to the compound known as Pterostilbene,
including without limitation any United States Letters Patent, and
all continuations, continuations-in-part, additions, divisions,
renewals, extensions, reexaminations and reissues of any of the
foregoing, all foreign counterparts of any of the foregoing, and
any other patents which relate to the Pterostilbene and
Pterostilbene combinations in the Field of the present agreement
owned or controlled by GM during the term of this
Agreement. 

Patent Right(s)  means all legal rights belonging to
GM which are provided by the Patents. 

Patent
Expenses   means all out-of-pocket fees, expenses, and
charges related to the Patent Rights incurred by GM in connection
with the preparation, filing, prosecution, issuance, re-issuance,
re-examination, interference, and/or maintenance of applications
for patent or equivalent protection for the Patent
Rights. 

" Person "
means an individual, partnership, corporation, joint venture,
unincorporated association, or other entity, or a government or
department of agency thereof. 

" Licensed Products " means any
article or portion thereof which is made, produced, sold or used in
whole or in part, by or with the use of the licensed Patent Rights.
Licensed Products include Pterostilbene sold to 3 rd  parties for use in
dietary supplement products and used in dietary supplement products
sold directly by CHROMADEX. Licensed Products does not include
Pterostilbene sold by CHROMADEX as an analytical reference
standard. 

Sunk Patent
Expenses   means Patent Expenses incurred by GM prior
to the Effective Date of the Agreement. 

" Valid Claim " means a claim of
an unexpired issued Patent that has not been withdrawn, canceled or
disclaimed or held invalid by a court or governmental authority of
competent jurisdiction in an unappealed or unappealable
decision. 

" Sabinsa Application " means U.S.
Patent Application No. 12/408,808 and any divisional, continuation,
continuation-in-part, reissue, or foreign application(s) related to
same. 

-2- 

ARTICLE 2 

GRANT OF LICENSE 

2.1  

   Grant of License . Subject to
the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, GM hereby
grants to CHROMADEX an exclusive, non-transferrable (except
otherwise allowed in this Agreement), worldwide, royalty-bearing
right and license to use and practice the Patent Rights to make,
have made, use, and sell Licensed Products in the
Field. 

2.2.1  

   Right to
Sub-license . .  Subject
to the further provisions of this Section 2.2.2, Licensee may grant
sublicenses of the licenses granted to Licensee in Section 2.1
above to third parties by entering into a written agreement with
any such third party (each such agreement shall be referred to
herein as a  Sublicense  and each such third party
shall be referred to herein as a  Sublicensee ). Only
Licensee (and not any Sublicensee) may enter into a Sublicense, and
each Sublicense shall expressly prohibit the Sublicensee from
granting further sublicenses. 

2.2.2  

   Requirements of each Sublicense
Agreement . Licensee agrees that it will require all
Sublicensees to comply with the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement and applicable to Licensee. In furtherance of the
foregoing but without limiting the generality thereof, each
Sublicense shall, for the express benefit of GM, bind the
Sublicensee to terms and conditions no less favorable to GM than
those between GM and Licensee contained in this Agreement. To the
extent that any term, condition, or limitation of any Sublicense is
inconsistent with the terms, conditions and limitations contained
in this Agreement, such term, condition, and/or limitation shall be
null and void against GM. . Within thirty (30) days after the
effective date of any Sublicense, Licensee shall provide GM a
complete copy of the Sublicense including, without limitation, any
and all exhibits and/or attachments thereto. If the Sublicense is
written in a language other than English, the copy of the
Sublicense shall be accompanied by a complete translation written
in English. Upon delivery of such translation to GM, Licensee shall
be deemed to represent and warrant to GM that such translation is a
true and accurate translation of the Sublicense. 

2.2.3 

   Sublicensing   Royalty Rate.  Licensee shall
pay GM two and one half percent (2.5%) for all over the counter
sublicensing revenues for those received beyond the supply of the
product and five percent (5.0%) for all RX sublicensing revenues
received beyond the supply of the product. 

2.2.4  

Right of First Refusal: 

(a)            

   '308 Application Right of First
Refusal:  Application: GM shall notify Licensee of any
decision by a patent office to allow claims to United States Patent
Application No. 11/631,912 or to any continuation, divisional,
reissue or foreign counterpart application to same. Licensee shall
have sixty (60) days from receipt of each notice to elect to expand
the Field to include non-topical cosmetics. Licensee shall notify
GM of any such election. An expansion of the Field pursuant to this
section shall only apply to the nation of the particular patent
office which is the subject of the notification of allowed claims.
For the avoidance of doubt, all patent aplications described in
this paragraph shall be considered to be and treated as
Patents. 

-3- 

(b)            

   Right of First Refusal
Payments:  Upon the first election by Licensee to expand the
Field pursuant to paragraph (a) of this section in the United
States, a one-time payment of $  ___20,000______  shall be owed
to GM. Upon the first election by Licensee to expand the Field
pursuant to paragraph (a) of this section in any nation other than
the United States, a one-time payment of $ 20,000____ shall be owed
to GM. Any payment owed by Licensee pursuant to this paragraph for
expansion of the Field in the United States shall become due and
payable upon sales of _$100,000___ (QUANTITY/DOLLARS) of Licensed
Products intended for use in the United States. Any payment owed by
Licensee pursuant to this paragraph for expansion of the Field in
any nation other than the United States shall become due and
payable upon sales of $100,000______(QUANTITY/DOLLARS) of Licensed
Products intended for use outside of the United States. For the
avoidance of doubt, it is understood that subsequent elections by
Licensee to expand the Field of Use do not incur additional
payments pursuant to this section. 

2.3  

   No Rights by Implication . No
rights or licenses with respect to the Patent Rights are granted or
deemed granted hereunder or in connection herewith, other than
those rights or licenses expressly granted in this
Agreement. 

ARTICLE 3 

LICENSING FEES AND EQUITY 

3.1  

   Upfront and Milestone Payments .
In consideration of the license granted hereunder, CHROMADEX shall
pay GM the following non-refundable payments: 

(a)            

   Pterostilbene-Quercetin Combination
Cosmetic Claims Milestone  : A one-time Payment of
$____10,000_____ will be due upon the allowance and issuance of the
first United States patent included in the Patent Rights whose
scope, provided by either composition or method claims, includes
exclusive rights to the use of a formulation comprised of
pterostilbene and quercetin (optionally with additional active
ingredients) for either the prevention or treatment of cosmetic
skin damage, prevention or treatment of wrinkles, or for the
prevention of the effects of radiation from the sun (i.e., as a
sunscreen). 

(b)            

   Pterostilbene Cosmetic Claims
Milestone : A one-time Payment of $__25,000______ will be due
upon the allowance and issuance of the first United States patent
included in the Patent Rights whose scope, provided by either
composition or method claims, includes exclusive rights to the use
of a formulation comprised of pterostilbene with or without
additional active ingredients for either the prevention or
treatment of cosmetic skin damage, prevention or treatment of
wrinkles, or for the prevention of the effects of radiation from
the sun (i.e., as a sunscreen). 

(c)            

   Pterostilbene-Quercetin Combination
Therapeutic Claims Milestone : A Payment of $__15,000_______
will be due upon the allowance and issuance of the first United
States patent included in the Patent Rights whose scope, provided
by either composition or method claims, includes exclusive rights
to the use of a formulation comprised of pterostilbene and
quercetin (optionally with additional active ingredients) for the
treatment of skin diseases. 

(d)            

   Pterostilbene Therapeutic Claims
Milestone : A one-time Payment of $_____25,000_____ will be
due upon the allowance and issuance of the first United States
patent included in the Patent Rights whose scope, provided by
either composition or method claims, includes exclusive rights to
the use of a formulation comprised of pterostilbene with or without
additional active ingredients for the treatment of skin
diseases. 

-4- 

(e) 

   $15,000 
within thirty (30) day of the Execution Date, and a second Payment
of $15,000 will be due upon completion of formulation feasibility
studies or 18 months from the Execution date whichever is
soon.  

3.2  

   Royalties . In further
consideration of the rights and licenses granted hereunder, during
the Term of the Agreement CHROMADEX shall pay GM the following
non-refundable royalty payments: 

(a) 

For the
period in which no United States patent has issued in connection to
the Sabinsa Application, CHROMADEX shall pay GM TWO percent (2.00%)
of Net Sales of all Licensed Products sold to third parties for
ingredients intended for retail products covered in the field and
intended for treatment of conditions listed in VALID CLAIMS in the
nation(s) where sales of the retail products occur and two and one
percent (1.0%) of all Net sales of CHROMADEX retail products
containing pterostilbene ,covered in the field and intended for
treatment of conditions listed in VALID CLAIMS in the nation(s)
where sales of the retail products occur . CHROMADEX agrees to pay
GM at least the following minimum royalties during the term of this
Agreement and the time in which no United States patent has issued
in connection to the Sabinsa Application: 

Calender Year 1:
$25,000 

Year 2:
$35,000 

Year 3
and beyond. $45,000 per year 

(b) For the period
in which one or more United States patents has issued in connection
the Sabinsa Application, CHROMADEX shall pay GM _4.0___% of Net
Sales of all Licensed Products sold to third parties for
ingredients intended for retail products covered in the field and
intended for treatment of conditions listed in VALID CLAIMS where
sales of the retail products occur in the United State,
______2.5____% of all Net Sales of CHROMADEX retail products
containing pterostilbene ,covered in the field and intended for
treatment of conditions listed in VALID CLAIMS in the United
States, four percent (4.00%) of Net Sales of all Licensed Products
sold to third parties for ingredients intended for retail products
covered in the field and intended for treatment of conditions
listed in VALID CLAIMS in the nation(s) where sales of the retail
products occur other than in the United States and two and one half
percent (2.5%) of all Net sales of CHROMADEX retail products
containing pterostilbene ,covered in the field and intended for
treatment of conditions listed in VALID CLAIMS in the nation(s)
where sales of the retail products occur other than in the United
States. CHROMADEX agrees to pay GM at least the following minimum
royalties (in addition to those included in 3.2.a) during the term
of this Agreement and the time in which one or more United States
patents has issued in connection to the Sabinsa
Application: 

Year 1:
10,000 

Year 2:
$20,000 

Year 3
and beyond: $30,000 

In the
event an United States patent issues in connection to the Sabinsa
Application, the minimum royalty for the year in which the first
such patent issues shall be adjusted on a pro-rata
basis. 

-5- 

3.3  

   Payments . Royalties and other
amounts payable under this Agreement shall be paid within thirty
(30) days following the last day of the Calendar Quarter in which
royalties and other amounts accrue. The last such payment shall be
made within thirty (30) days after termination of this Agreement.
Payments shall be deemed paid as of the day on which they are
received by GM. 

3.4  

   Reports . CHROMADEX shall
deliver to GM within thirty (30) days after the end of each
Calendar Quarter following commercial sale of a Licensed Product a
report setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the
royalties and other amounts payable to GM for such Calendar Quarter
pursuant to this Article 4, including, without limitation, the
Licensed Products sold in each country during such Calendar
Quarter, and the Net Sales Price. 

3.5  

   Currency, Place of Payment,
Interest . 

(a)  

  All dollar amounts
referred to in this Agreement are expressed in United States
dollars. All payments to GM under this Agreement shall be made in
United States dollars (or other legal currency of the United
States), as directed by GM, by check payable or by wire transfer to
an account as GM may designate from time to time. 

(b)  

  If CHROMADEX
receives revenues from sales of Licensed Products in a currency
other than United States dollars, royalties shall be converted into
United States dollars at the applicable conversion rate for the
foreign currency as published in the  Exchange Rates 
table in the eastern edition of  The Wall Street Journal  as of the last
date of the applicable Calendar Quarter. 

(c)  

  Amounts that are
not paid when due shall accrue interest from the due date until
paid, at an annual rate equal to the  Prime Rate  plus
5% as published in the  Money Rates  table in the
eastern edition of  The Wall Street
Journal  as of the due date. 

3.6  

   Records . CHROMADEX will
maintain complete and accurate books and records that enable the
royalties payable hereunder to be verified. The records for each
Calendar Quarter shall be maintained for two years after the
submission of each report under Article 3.5 hereof. Upon reasonable
prior notice to CHROMADEX, GM and its accountants shall have access
to the books and records of CHROMADEX to conduct a review or audit
thereof. Such access shall be available during normal business
hours. Upon reasonable prior notice to CHROMADEX, GM and its
accountants shall have access to the books and records of CHROMADEX
to conduct a review or audit thereof no more than two (2) times per
year. Such access shall be available during normal business hours.
In the event such audit reveals any error in the computation of Net
Sales which results in an underpayment of royalties in excess of 5%
of the amount owed during the applicable period, then CHROMADEX
shall promptly reimburse GM for all reasonable expenses and costs
incurred in the conduct of such review or audit. 

3.7.  

  CHROMADEX will
reimburse GM for future Patent Expenses incurred during the term of
this Agreement within thirty (30) days of receipt of an invoice
from GM. 

ARTICLE 4 

CERTAIN OBLIGATIONS OF CHROMADEX 

4.1  

   CHROMADEX Efforts; Reporting. 
CHROMADEX shall use its reasonable efforts to develop for
commercial use and to market a Licensed Product as soon as
practicable, and to continue to market a Licensed Product as long
as commercially viable, all as is consistent with sound and
reasonable business practice. 

4.2  

   Compliance with Laws . CHROMADEX
shall use its best efforts to comply with all prevailing laws,
rules and regulations pertaining to the development, testing,
manufacture, marketing and import or export of Licensed Products.
Without limiting the foregoing, CHROMADEX acknowledges that the
transfer of certain commodities and technical data is subject to
United States laws and regulations controlling the export of such
commodities and technical data, including all Export Administration
Regulations of the United States Department of Commerce. These laws
and regulations, among other things, prohibit or require a license
for the export of certain types of technical data to specified
countries. CHROMADEX will comply with all United States laws and
regulations controlling the export of commodities and technical
data. 

4.3  

   Government Approvals . CHROMADEX
will be responsible for obtaining, at its cost and expense, all
governmental approvals required to commercially market Licensed
Products. 

4.4  

   Patent Notices.  CHROMADEX shall
mark or cause to be marked all Licensed Products made or sold in
the United States with all applicable patent numbers for the
Patents. If it is not practical for a Licensed Product to be so
marked, then CHROMADEX shall mark or cause to be marked the package
for each Licensed Product with all applicable patent numbers for
the Patents. GM shall provide CHROMADEX with assistance in
performing such marking upon request. 

4.5

Bankruptcy or Equivalent .
CHROMADEX will provide written notice to GM prior to the filing of
a petition in bankruptcy or equivalent if CHROMADEX intends to file
a voluntary petition, or, if known by CHROMADEX through statements
or letters from a creditor or otherwise, if a Third Party intends
to file an involuntary petition in bankruptcy against CHROMADEX.
Notice will be given at least 75 days before the planned filing or,
if such notice is not feasible, as soon as CHROMADEX is aware of
the planned filing where any such notice is allowable under
bankruptcy laws. CHROMADEX's failure to perform this obligation is
deemed to be a material pre-petition incurable breach under this
Agreement not subject to the 60-day notice requirement of Article
9.2, and GM is deemed to have terminated this Agreement forty-five
(45) days prior to the filing of the bankruptcy unless such notice
is not allowable under bankruptcy laws. 

ARTICLE 5 

REPRESENTATIONS 

5.1  

   Representations of GM . GM
represents to CHROMADEX as follows: 

(a)  

  this Agreement,
when executed and delivered by GM, will be the legal, valid and
binding obligation of GM, enforceable against GM in accordance with
its terms; 

(b)  

  GM, and to
GM s knowledge, has not granted rights in the Patent Rights
to any Person other than CHROMADEX; 

(c)  

  GM has not received
any written notice that the Patent Rights infringe the proprietary
rights of any third party; 

(d)  

  the inventions
claimed in the Patents to the knowledge of GM have not been
publicly used, offered for sale, or disclosed in a printed
publication by employees of more than one year prior to the filing
of the U.S. application for the Patents. 

5.2  

   Representations and Warranties of
CHROMADEX . CHROMADEX represents and warrants to GM as
follows: 

(a)  

  CHROMADEX is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of California and has all requisite corporate power
and authority to execute, deliver and perform this
Agreement; 

(b)  

  This Agreement,
when executed and delivered by CHROMADEX, will be the legal, valid
and binding obligation of CHROMADEX, enforceable against CHROMADEX
in accordance with its terms; 

(c) 

  the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by CHROMADEX does not
conflict with, or constitute a breach or default
under, 

(i)  

  the charter
documents of CHROMADEX, 

(ii)  

  any law, order,
judgment or governmental rule or regulation applicable to
CHROMADEX, or 

(iii)  

  any provision of
any agreement, contract, commitment or instrument to which
CHROMADEX is a party; and the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement by CHROMADEX does not require the consent,
approval or authorization of, or notice, declaration, filing or
registration with, any governmental or regulatory
authority. 

ARTICLE 6 

LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION 

6.1  

   No warranties; Limitation on
Liability . Except as explicitly set forth in this agreement,
GM makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, with
respect to: (i) commercial utility; or (ii) merchantability or
fitness for a particular purpose; or (iii) that the use of the
patent rights will not infringe any patent, copyright or trademark
or other proprietary or property rights of others. GM shall not be
liable to CHROMADEX, CHROMADEX s successors or assigns or any
third party with respect to any claim on account of, or arising
from, the use of information in connection with the patent rights
supplied hereunder or the manufacture, use or sale of licensed
products or any other material or item derived there
from. 

-6- 

6.2  

   CHROMADEX Indemnification .
CHROMADEX will indemnify and hold harmless GM, its trustees,
officers, agents and employees (collectively, the
 Indemnified Parties ), from and against any and all
liability, loss, damage, action, claim or expense suffered or
incurred by the Indemnified Parties which results from or arises
out of (individually, a  Liability  and collectively,
the  Liabilities ): 

(a) 

breach
by CHROMADEX of any covenant or agreement contained in this
Agreement; 

(b)  

  the development,
use, manufacture, promotion, sale, distribution or other
disposition of any Licensed Products by CHROMADEX, its Affiliates,
assignees, vendors or other third parties, for personal injury,
including death, or property damage arising from any of the
foregoing. The indemnification obligation under Article 6.3 shall
not apply to any contributory negligence or product liability of
the Indemnified Party which may have occurred prior to the
execution of this Agreement. CHROMADEX will indemnify and hold
harmless the Indemnified Parties from and against any Liabilities
resulting from: 

(i)   

  any product
liability or other claim of any kind related to the use by a third
party of a Licensed Product that was manufactured, sold,
distributed or otherwise disposed by CHROMADEX, its Affiliates,
assignees, vendors or other third parties; 

(ii)   

  clinical trials or
studies conducted by or on behalf of CHROMADEX relating to any
Licensed Product and the Patent Rights, including, without
limitation, any claim by or on behalf of a human subject of any
such clinical trial or study, any claim arising from the procedures
specified in any protocol used in any such clinical trial or study,
any claim of deviation, authorized or unauthorized, from the
protocols of any such clinical trial or study, any claim resulting
from or arising out of the manufacture or quality control by a
third party of any substance administered in any clinical trial or
study; 

(iii)   

  CHROMADEX s
failure to comply with all prevailing laws, rules and regulations
pertaining to the development, testing, manufacture, marketing and
import or export of a Licensed Product. 

6.3  

   Procedures . The Indemnified
Party shall promptly notify CHROMADEX of any claim or action giving
rise to a Liability subject to the provisions of Article 6.3.
CHROMADEX shall have the right to defend any such claim or action,
at its cost and expense. Indemnified Party must have the right to
approve counsel to represent it and such approval will not be
unreasonably withheld. In the event CHROMADEX or any of its
parents, affiliates or subsidiaries is also named in a particular
claim, CHROMADEX may choose the same attorneys who defend the
Indemnified Parties to defend CHROMADEX unless there arises a
conflict of interest between the CHROMADEX and one or more of the
Indemnified Parties or among the Indemnified Parties. The
indemnification rights of GM or other Indemnified Party contained
herein are in addition to all other rights which such Indemnified
Party may have at law or in equity or otherwise. 

6.4  

   Product Liability Insurance .
CHROMADEX shall maintain general liability and product liability
insurance that is reasonable based upon industry standards, but not
less than two million dollars ($2,000,000) per incident and two
million dollars ($2,000,000) in the aggregate. The insurance
amounts specified herein shall not be deemed a limitation on
CHROMADEX s indemnification liability under this Agreement.
CHROMADEX shall provide GM with copies of such policies, upon
request of GM. CHROMADEX shall notify GM at least ten (10) days
prior to cancellation of any such coverage. 

-7- 

ARTICLE 7 

PATENTS AND INFRINGEMENT 

7.1  

   Prosecution of
Patents . 

(a)                   

Responsibilities for Patent Rights. 

(i)  

  GM through its
patent attorneys is responsible for preparing, filing, and
prosecuting any patent applications, maintaining any issued
patents, and prosecuting and maintaining any and all continuations,
continuations-in-part, divisional, substitutions, reissues, or
re-examinations (or the foreign equivalent of these) related to the
Patent Rights. CHROMADEX will reimburse GM for patent expenses as
detailed in Article 3.7. 

(ii)  

  GM will prepare,
file, and prosecute patent applications for the Patent Rights in
the United States. GM will also prepare, file, and prosecute
international applications for the Patent Rights under the Patent
Cooperation Treaty. 

(a)  

  Such international
applications shall designate the European Patent Office as the
International Searching Authority, and shall designate at a minimum
the European States (defined as  EP  on the
international application form of the Patent Cooperation Treaty),
and additional countries specified by CHROMADEX. 

(b)  

  CHROMADEX will
specify in writing to GM the additional foreign countries in which
patent applications are to be filed and prosecuted. GM when
possible will notify CHROMADEX ninety (90) days in advance of a
national stage filing deadline for all Patent Rights, and CHROMADEX
will specify such additional countries no later than thirty (30)
days before the national stage filing deadline for the pertinent
patent application. 

(iii)
GM is solely responsible for making decisions regarding the content
of U.S. and foreign applications to be filed under Patent Rights
and prosecution of the applications, continuations,
continuations-in-part, divisional, substitutions, reissues, or
re-examinations (or the foreign equivalent of these) related
thereto. GM will not seek to narrow the scope of a pending
application without obtaining CHROMADEX s consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. GM shall use
its good faith efforts to provide CHROMADEX with a copy of all
materials to be filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and
its foreign equivalents at least thirty (30) business days prior to
the planned filing and afford CHROMADEX the right to
comment. 

(iv)  

  CHROMADEX will
cooperate with GM in the filing, prosecution, and maintenance of
any Patent Rights. GM will advise CHROMADEX promptly as to all
material developments with respect to the applications. Copies of
all papers received and filed in connection with prosecution of
applications in all countries will be provided promptly after
receipt or filing to CHROMADEX to enable it to advise GM concerning
the applications. 

(v)  

  No party shall be
liable for any loss, as a whole or in part, of a patent term
extension granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (or its
foreign equivalents) on a patent issuing under the Patent Rights,
even if such loss results from acts or omissions of the prosecuting
party or its personnel. 

-8- 

(vi)  

  Each party agrees
to promptly forward all written communications from the other party
regarding prosecution of Patent Rights to its patent counsel as
appropriate, with a written confirmation to the other party that
the communications have been forwarded. 

7.2  

   Infringement by Third Party . In
the event that CHROMADEX or GM become aware of suspected
infringement of the Patent Rights, they shall promptly notify the
other parties of such suspected infringement. CHROMADEX and GM
directly or together, may bring suit to abate infringement of the
Patent Rights, or communicate with a potential infringer, with
prior approval from the other parties. In the event that one party
intends to bring suit relating to suspected infringement, it shall
promptly notify the other parties of its intention to sue so that
the other parties may have the opportunity to approve and
participate in and share costs and recoveries from said suit. If
only one party brings suit and the other parties choose not to
participate in said suit, the party that brings the suit shall be
liable for all litigation costs and shall be entitled to retain all
recoveries therefrom. In such an event, the other parties shall
provide reasonable cooperation, at the expense of the party
bringing suit, in the maintenance of such a suit. In the event
CHROMADEX chooses to bring suit and GM declines to participate, GM
agrees to join such suit should GM be deemed a necessary party to
such suit. In the event neither party elects to brings suit within
90 days of notice of the suspected infringement, GM and CHROMADEX
shall make commercially reasonable efforts to end the
infringement. 

ARTICLE 8 

CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICATIONS 

8.1  

   Confidentiality . To the extent
allowed by law, both parties shall maintain in confidence and shall
not disclose to any third party the Confidential Information
received pursuant to this Agreement, without the prior written
consent of the disclosing party except that the Confidential
Information may be disclosed by either party only to those third
parties (x) who have a need to know the information in connection
with the exercise by either party of its rights under this
Agreement and who agreed in writing to keep the information
confidential to the same extent as is required of the parties under
this Article 8.1, or (y) to whom either party is legally obligated
to disclose the information. The foregoing obligation shall not
apply to information which: 

(a)  

  is, at the time of
disclosure, publicly known or available to the public, provided
that Information will not be deemed to be within the public domain
merely because individual parts of such Information are found
separately within the public domain, but only if all the material
features comprising such Information are found in combination in
the public domain; 

(b)  

  is known to
recipient at the time of disclosure of such Confidential
Information provided that recipient promptly notifies disclosing
party in writing of this prior knowledge within thirty (30) days of
receipt; 

(c)  

  is hereafter
furnished to recipient by a third party, as a matter of right and
without restriction on disclosure, provided that recipient promptly
notifies disclosing party in writing of this third party disclosure
after receipt thereof; 

(d)  

  is made public by
disclosing party; 

(e)  

  is disclosed with
the written approval of either party; 

(f)  

  is the subject of a
legally binding court order compelling disclosure, or is otherwise
subject to any law or regulation or regulatory body compelling
disclosure, provided that recipient must give disclosing party
reasonable advance notice of such required disclosure, and
recipient must cooperate with disclosing party in attempting to
prevent or limit such disclosure. 

8.2 

P ublications . Should GM desire
to disclose publicly, in writing or by oral presentation,
Confidential Information related to the Patent Rights, GM shall
notify CHROMADEX in writing of its intention at least ninety (90)
days before such disclosure. GM shall include with such notice a
description of the oral presentation or, in the case of a
manuscript or other proposed written disclosure, a current draft of
such written disclosure. 

If the
content of such disclosure represents in the eyes of CHROMADEX a
new Invention or significant improvement to the state of the art
that may result in a new patent, CHROMADEX may request GM, no later
than ninety (90) days following the receipt of GM s notice,
to file a patent application, copyright or other filing related to
such Invention. All such filings shall be subject to the provisions
of Article 7.1 of this Agreement. Upon receipt of such request, GM
shall arrange for a delay in publication, to permit filing of a
patent or other application . Should the parties reasonably
determine that more than ninety (90) days is required in order to
file any such patent information (including additional time
required to perform additional research required for adequate
patent disclosure), or, if CHROMADEX reasonably determines that
such Confidential Information cannot be adequately protected
through patenting and such Confidential Information has commercial
value as a trade secret, then publication or disclosure shall be
postponed until the parties can mutually agree upon a reasonable
way to proceed. 

8.3  

   Use of Name . Neither CHROMADEX
nor GM shall directly or indirectly use the other party s
name, or the name of any trustee, officer or employee thereof,
without that party s prior written consent, or disclose the
terms of this Agreement to third parties except that GM or
CHROMADEX may disclose this Agreement to an Affiliate and may
disclose an accurate description of the terms of this Agreement to
the extent required under federal or state securities, tax, grant
administration, or other disclosure laws. GM shall take steps to
preserve the confidentiality of such information to the extent
allowed by law. 

ARTICLE 9 

TERM AND TERMINATION 

9.1  

   Term . This Agreement and the
licenses granted herein shall commence on the Effective Date and
shall continue, subject to earlier termination under Articles 9.2
or 9.3 hereof, until the expiration of the last to expire of the
Patents. 

9.2  

   Termination by GM . Upon the
occurrence of any of the events set forth below ( Events of
Default ), GM shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement by giving writtennotice of termination, such termination
effective with the giving of such notice: 

(a)
nonpayment of any amount payable to GM that is continuing sixty
(60) calendar days after GM gives CHROMADEX written notice of such
nonpayment; 

-9- 

(b) any
breach by CHROMADEX of any covenant (other than a payment breach
referred to in clause (a) above or a Commercialization Plan breach
referred to in Article 9.3 below) or any representation or warranty
contained in this Agreement that is continuing sixty (60) calendar
days after GM gives CHROMADEX written notice of such
breach; 

(c)
CHROMADEX fails to comply with the terms of the license granted
under Article 2 hereof and such noncompliance is continuing sixty
(60) calendar days after GM gives CHROMADEX notice of such
noncompliance; 

(d)
CHROMADEX becomes subject to a Bankruptcy Event; 

(e) the
dissolution or cessation of operations by CHROMADEX; 

(f) If
after the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product and during
the term of this Agreement, CHROMADEX fails to make reasonable
efforts to commercialize at least one (1) Licensed Product or fails
to keep at least one (1) Licensed Product on the market after the
first commercial sale for a continuous period of one (1) year,
where such noncompliance is continuing sixty( 60) calendar days
after GM gives CHROMADEX written notice of such noncompliance. The
inclusion of at least one (1) Licensed Product in an available
catalog of products containing Pterostilbene or in an available
catalog of products directed for treatment of the conditions in the
Patent shall be deemed a reasonable effort to commercialize under
this section. 

9.3  

   Commercialization Plan. 
CHROMADEX has provided GM with a Commercialization Plan acceptable
to GM. Such Commercialization Plan is contained in Appendix B and
is incorporated herein by reference. GM shall be entitled to
terminate this Agreement if CHROMADEX fails to meet the
pre-established development milestones contained in the
Commercialization Plan. If the event that Sabinsa Patent Issues,
CHROMADEX and GM will work in good faith to establish a new
Commercialization plan.The milestones may be changed as agreed upon
in advance in writing by both parties. GM shall give written notice
of its decision to terminate this Agreement specifying a failure of
the Commercialization Plan milestones. Unless CHROMADEX has
remedied such failure or both parties have agreed, in writing, to a
revised milestone schedule within sixty (60) days after receipt of
such notice, this Agreement will be deemed to terminate as of the
expiration of such sixty (60) day period. 

9.4  

   Termination by CHROMADEX .
CHROMADEX shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, at any
time and with or without cause, upon one hundred and twenty (120)
days  written notice to GM. 

9.5  

   Rights and Duties Upon
Termination . Within thirty (30) days after termination of
this Agreement, each party shall return to the other party any
Confidential Information of the other party. In the event of an
early termination of this Agreement, CHROMADEX shall have the right
to use or sell all the Licensed Product(s) on hand or in the
process of manufacturing at the time of such early termination,
provided that CHROMADEX shall be obligated to pay to GM a royalty
on such sales as set forth in this Agreement if, at that time there
remains in existence any of Licensor s Patent Rights covering
the transfer of such Licensed Product(s) and a royalty or other
payment is payable pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement. 

-10- 

9.6  

   Provisions Surviving
Termination . CHROMADEX s obligation to pay any
royalties accrued but unpaid prior to termination of this Agreement
shall survive such termination. In addition, all provisions
required to interpret the rights and obligations of the parties
arising prior to the termination date shall survive expiration or
termination of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE 10 

OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

10.1  

   Assignment . T his Agreement and the rights and benefits
conferred upon CHROMADEX hereunder may not be transferred or
assigned by CHROMADEX to any party without the prior written
consent of GM, such permission will not be unreasonably withheld,
except for : 

(a)   

  an assignment in
connection with a merger, sale or reorganization of CHROMADEX, or
the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
CHROMADEX s assets which relate to the manufacture of a
Licensed Product or use of the Patent Rights provided that
CHROMADEX demonstrates to GM s reasonable satisfaction that
the buyer or transferee is at least as financially stable as
CHROMADEX and following the sale or transfer would be as capable of
performing its obligations under this Agreement as CHROMADEX would
be; or 

(b)   

  an assignment of a
security interest in this Agreement as a part of a security
interest in all or substantially all of the CHROMADEX s
assets which relate to the Patent Rights or a Licensed Product. Any
prohibited assignment of this Agreement on the rights hereunder
shall be null and void. No assignment shall relieve CHROMADEX of
responsibility for the performance of any accrued obligations which
it has prior to such assignment. This Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of permitted assigns of CHROMADEX. 

For the
avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that any assignment of this
Agreement made in accordance with this Article 10.1 in which GM has
given written consent shall relieve the assignor of all obligations
under this Agreement, whether fixed, accrued, contingent or
otherwise, whereupon the effect shall be the same as if this
Agreement had been executed by the assignee in the first instant
and the assignor had never been a party hereto. 

10.2

Assignment . T his Agreement and the rights and benefits
conferred upon CHROMADEX hereunder may not be transferred or
assigned in whole or any part by GM to any party without the prior
written consent of CHROMADEX, such permission will not be
unreasonably withheld,  

10.3  

   No Waiver . A waiver by either
party of a breach or violation of any provision of this Agreement
will not constitute or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent
breach or violation of that provision or as a waiver of any breach
or violation of any other provision of this Agreement. 

10.4  

   Independent Contractor . Nothing
herein shall be deemed to establish a relationship of principal and
agent between GM and CHROMADEX, nor any of their agents or
employees for any purpose whatsoever. This Agreement shall not be
construed as constituting GM and CHROMADEX as partners, or as
creating any other form of legal association or arrangement which
could impose liability upon one party for the act or failure to act
of the other party. No employees or staff of GM shall be entitled
to any benefits applicable to employees of CHROMADEX. Neither party
shall be bound by the acts or conduct of the other
party. 

10.5  

   Notices . Any notice under this
Agreement shall be sufficiently given if sent in writing recognized
commercial delivery service with proof of delivery." addressed as
follows: 

if to
GM, to: Dr. Jose M  Estrela 

Parc
Cientific Universidad de Valencia, 

Pol gono La
Coma s/n, 

46980
Paterna, Valencia, Spain ______________ 

if to
CHROMADEX, to: 

ChromaDex
Inc, 

Chief
Financial Officer 

10005
Muirlands Bvld 

Suite
G 

Irvine,
CA 92618 

or to
such other addresses as may be designated from time to time by
notice given in accordance with the terms of this Article
10.4. 

10.6  

   Entire Agreement . This
Agreement embodies the entire understanding between the parties
relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
understandings and agreements, whether written or oral. This
Agreement may not be modified or varied except by a written
document signed by duly authorized representatives of both
parties. 

10.7  

   Severability . In the event that
any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be unenforceable,
invalid or in contravention of applicable law, such provision shall
be of no effect, the remaining portions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect, and the parties shall negotiate
in good faith to replace such provision with a provision which
effects to the extent possible the original intent of such
provision. 

10.8  

   Force Majure  In the event that
either party s performance of its obligations under this
Agreement shall be prevented by any cause beyond its reasonable
control, including without limitation acts of God, acts of
government, shortage of material, accident, fire, delay or other
disaster, provided that the effected party shall have used its
reasonable best efforts to avoid or remove the cause of such
nonperformance and to minimize the duration and negative affect of
such nonperformance, then such effected party s performance
shall be excused and the time for performance shall be extended for
the period of delay or inability to perform due to such occurrence.
The affected party shall continue performance under this Agreement
using its best efforts as soon as such cause is
removed. 

10.9  

   Headings . Any headings and
captions used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference
only and shall not affect its construction or
interpretation. 

10.10  

   No Third Party Benefits .
Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to
confer on any Person other than the parties hereto or their
permitted assigns, any benefits, rights or remedies. 

-11- 

10.11  

   Governing Law . This Agreement
shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of
the State of New York.. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for
the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of any such court or that such proceeding is improper.
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of
process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the
address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of
process and notice thereof. 

10.12  

   Counterparts . This Agreement
shall become binding when any one or more counterparts hereof,
individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of each
of the parties hereto. This Agreement may be executed in any
numberr of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
as against the party whose signature appears thereon, but all of
which taken together shall constitute but one and the same
instrument. 

10.12 

   Resolution of Disputes . If the
parties are unable to reach agreement by negotiating in good faith
about any matter under this Agreement, the parties agree to resolve
the dispute themselves, and if failing to do so, they agree to seek
resolution of the dispute through the mediation in New York, New
York. 

-12- 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this License
Agreement as of the date first above written. 

Green
Molecular S.L 

/s/ Manuel Castellon
Leal                                                                                   
8/1/2013  

  Manuel
Castell n
Leal                                                                                          
Date 

By
Power of Attorney on behalf of Green Molecular 

CHROMADEX,
INC. 

/s/
Frank L. Jaksch
Jr                                                                                            
8/1/2013 

Frank
L. Jaksch Jr.  

  Chief Executive
Officer                                                                                      
Date 

-13- 

APPENDIX A 

PATENT
RIGHTS 

TITLE: 

USE
OF PTEROSTILBENE (PTER) AS MEDICAMENT FOR PREVENTION AND/OR
TREATMENT OF SKIN DISEASES, DAMAGES OR INJURIES OR AS
COSMETIC 

-14- 

TITLE: 

COMBINED
USED OF PTEROSTILBENE AND QUERCETIN FOR THE PRODUCTION OF CANCER
TREATMENT MEDICAMENT 

-15- 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 11
 ex10-7.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

SEC Connect 

Exhibit 10.7 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE LICENCE AGREEMENT 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT to the LICENSE AGREEMENT with an Effective Date of
October 15, 2014 is made as of this July 6, 2015 ( Effective
Date of the Amendment ), by and between the UNIVERSITY OF
MISSISSIPPI, and CHROMADEX, INC. concerning a blue green algae
technology. 

The
parties hereby agree to the following change to the LICENSE
AGREEMENT: 

APPENDIX
A (PATENTS) is revised to add China, Italy, Finland, Sweden,
Austria, India, Norway, Poland and Denmark to the list of
International Filing and Issued Patents for UM1410. The revised
list is as follows: 

UM1410:                        

  Potent
Immunostimulants from Microalgae 

USSN:
10/332,323 

Issued
Patent: 7,205,284 

Issued:
4/17/2007 

Expiration:
3/9/22 

International
Filings and Issued Patents: 

IN
WITHNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this
License Agreement as of the date first above written. 

UNIVERSITY OF
MISSISSIPPI 

/s/ Walter G. Chambliss,
Ph.D.     Walter
G. Chambliss, Ph.D.  

Director
of Technology Management 

Office
of Research   Sponsored Programs 

July 27, 2015 

  Date  

Acknowledged
by: 

/s/ David S. Pasco,
Ph.D.   

August 4, 2015 

Davis S. Pasco,
Ph.D.   

Date    

Assistant Director,
National Center for Natural Products Research 

/s/ David D Allen,
Ph.D.     

8/4/15   

David D Allen,
Ph.D. 

Date    

Dean, School of
Pharmacy 

CHROMADEX,
INC. 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 12
 ex10-8.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

SEC Connect 

***Text Omitted and Filed Separately 

with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Confidential Treatment Requested 

Under 17 C.F.R. Sections 200.80(b)(4) and Rule 24b-2 of
the 

Securities Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exhibit 10.8 

SECOND     AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA AND
CHROMADEX INC.  

This second amendment (the    Second
Amendment   ), dated
December 31st, 2015 (the    Effective
Date   ), is made by and
between  The Regents of the University of California
 (   The Regents   ), a California corporation having its
statewide administrative offices at 1111 Franklin Street,
12  th 
 Floor, Oakland, California 94607-5200,
acting through the offices of The University of California, Irvine
located at 5171 California Ave, Suite 150 CA 92697-7700 and 
 ChromaDex
Inc  .
(   Licensee   )
having a principal place of business at 10005 Muirlands Blvd, Suite
G, Irvine, CA 92618 and amends the license agreement with Licensee,
dated September 8, 2011 with UC Agreement Control 
 Number 2012-04-0120 (the
   License
Agreement   ).  

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,   the parties desire to
amend the diligence items of the License
Agreement;  

NOW THEREFORE  , in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual promises, covenants, and
agreements hereinafter set forth, and notwithstanding any previous
provisions in the License Agreement, all parties to this Second
Amendment mutually agree to amend the License Agreement as
follows:  

1.  

   Amend  Paragraph 10.7 of the License
Agreement to reflect a new development schedule by replacing this
paragraph in its entirety with the following: 

10.7 The Licensee, its Affiliates
or Sublicensees will, or will cause a Third Party to develop a
Non-Pharmaceutical Licensed Product according to the following
development schedule: 

10.7.1
Complete safety studies by December 31, 2015; 

10.7.2
Complete efficacy studies no later than June 30, 2016; 

10.7.3
Complete stability studies no later than June 30, 2016;
and 

10.7.4
Complete a first commercial sale by December 31, 2016. 

The
rights of The Regents detailed in Paragraph 10.4 and the rights of
the Licensee in Paragraph 10.5 of this Agreement also apply to the
diligence items in this Paragraph 10.7. Licensee will report to The
Regents completion of the above events within thirty (30) days of
their completion  

2. Amend  Paragraph 6.2 of the License Agreement to update
milestone payment deadlines by replacing this paragraph in its
entirety with the following: 

6.2. For
each Non-Pharmaceutical Licensed Product reaching the milestones
indicated below, The Licensee must make the following milestone
payments to The Regents. All amounts due under this section shall
be paid within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice from The
Regents. Milestone payments are due from Licensee irrespective of
whether the milestone listed below was reached by the Licensee
itself, a third party acting on Licensee s behalf, or by a
Sublicensee or Affiliate. 

i.  

  [ *** ]
Dollars ($[ *** ]) due upon completion of safety
studies. 

ii.  

  [ *** ]
Dollars ($[ *** ]) due upon completion of efficacy
studies. 

iii.  

  [ *** ]
Dollars ($[ *** ]) due upon completion of stability
studies. 

iv.  

  [ *** ]
Dollars ($[ *** ]) due upon the first commercial
sale. 

3.  

  All other terms and
conditions of the License Agreement remain the same. 

This Second Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Facsimile,
Portable Document Format (PDF) or photocopied signatures of the
Parties will have the same legal validity as original
signatures. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amendment
by their duly authorized representatives for good and valuable
consideration. 

CHROMADEX,
INC.  

THE
REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 

By:   /s/ Troy
Rhonemus   

    N    ame:   Troy Rhonemus   

     Title:   COO     

    Date:   1/5/2016       

By:  /s/ Ronnie
Hanecak  

    Name:     Ronnie Hanecak,
PhD     

     Title:   Assistant Vice
Chancellor     

    Date:  January 4, 2016 

***Confidential Treatment
Requested  

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 13
 ex10-9.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

SEC Connect 

***Text Omitted and Filed Separately 

with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Confidential Treatment Requested 

Under 17 C.F.R. Sections 200.80(b)(4) and Rule 24b-2 of
the 

Securities Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exhibit 10.9 

SECOND ADDENDUM TO THE NIAGEN    
 SUPPLY AGREEMENT
BETWEEN  

NECTAR7 LLC AND CHROMADEX, INC. 

This Second Addendum (the  Second Addendum ) ,
effective and binding as of the last date of signing of this Second
Addendum  ( Second Addendum
Effective Date ), is attached to and forms part of the SUPPLY
AGREEMENT (the  Agreement ) dated August 28, 2015 and
the First Addendum dated September 30, 2015, made by and between
ChromaDex, Inc., a California corporation, having a principal place
of business at 10005 Muirlands Blvd, Suite G, Irvine, CA 92618
( Seller ) and  Nectar7 LLC, a   Delaware limited liability
company,   with principal
offices located at 12526 High Bluff Drive, Suite 210, San Diego, CA
92130 ( Buyer ) . To the
extent that any of the terms or conditions contained in this Second
Addendum may contradict or conflict with any of the terms or
conditions of the Agreement or the First Addendum, it is expressly
understood and agreed that the terms of this Second Addendum shall
take precedence and supersede the Agreement and First
Addendum.  

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,   the parties desire to
further amend the Agreement and First Addendum as provided
herein;  

NOW THEREFORE  , for good and
valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:  

1.             

  Amend the
Definitions for  Excluded Field  and  Excluded
Products  by replacing them in their entirety with the
following definitions: 

Excluded Field   means the
Doctor Channel, the Multi-Level Marketing Channel and the Direct
Response Channel and the following retailers or their applicable
operating affiliates (each a  Retailer ): Costco
Wholesale Corporation ( Costco ), Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
( Walmart ), Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.
( Walgreens ), Meijer, Inc. ( Meijer ),
Shopko Stores Operating Co., LLC ( Shopko ), Publix
Super Market s, Inc. ( Publix ), Ahold U.S.A.,
Inc. ( Ahold ), QVC, Inc. ( QVC ), eVine
Live, Inc. ( eVine ), HSNi, LLC ( HSN ),
Target Corporation ( Target ), but excluding CVS
locations in Target Stores, The Kroger Co. ( Krogers ),
Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. ( Wegmans ), Ulta Salon,
Cosmetics   Fragrance, Inc. ( Ulta ), Vitacost.com,
Inc. ( VitaCost ) , 
the   Doctor
Channel   is defined herein as the sale of nutritional
supplements through licensed healthcare practitioners. The
  Multi-Level
Marketing Channel   is defined herein as the sale of
the Finished Products through a network of independent marketing
representatives. The   Direct Response Channel  
is defined here in as the marketing and advertising of the Finished
Product through direct response television and radio advertisements
of any length or format intended to reach one or more potential
consumers asking such consumers to purchase from or respond
directly to Buyer or Buyer s agents via a website, telephone
number or other medium to purchase the Finished Products.
Additional channels may be added to this definition of
 Excluded Field  at any time by the Seller, in its sole
discretion, upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to
Buyer.  

Excluded Products   means
topical skincare or cosmetics products, any and all dietary
supplements in the form of an energy shot or a melt (melting or
dissolvable tablet or delivery system), the combination of
NIAGEN    with
pterostilbene, the combination of NIAGEN    with Choline
and/or Betaine and/or dimethylglycine (DMG) (all forms), unless the
Finished Product is a multi-vitamin, and Finished Products with
 Methyl Donor  claims. Seller may add additional
products to this definition of  Excluded Products , in
its sole discretion, upon written notice to Buyer;  provided ,  that , such added products do
not impair the rights of Buyer to purchase the Product for the
applications set forth on  Exhibit B ." 

-1- 

2.             

  Amend Section 2 of
the Agreement by adding Section 2.3 which states the
following: 

2.3               

   Right to Sell Limitation . For
ninety (90) days from January 8, 2016, Buyer agrees not to have any
discussions with retailers regarding Finished Products. As
consideration for Buyer s agreement, for one (1) year from
the Second Addendum Effective Date, Buyer shall receive
[ *** ] percent
([ *** ]%) of revenue Seller generates from
 NIAGEN    
 sales to
[  *** ].  

3.             

  Amend Exhibit B -
Exclusivity Rights for Finished Products in the First Addendum, as
they pertain to the Product Application for the combination of
 NIAGEN    
 and collagen . The Minimum
Revenues/Obligations  Minimum Revenues  are amended in
that the Minimum Revenue requirement for 2016 is
$[ *** ] instead of $[ *** ]. 

4.             

  Amend Exhibit B -
Exclusivity Rights for Finished Products, as it pertains to the
Product Application for wound healing. The Minimum
Revenues/Obligations  Minimum Revenues  are replaced in
its entirety with the language set forth below and the Term
increased from five (5) to ten (10) years. 

***Confidential Treatment
Requested    

-2- 

EXHIBIT
B 

Exclusivity
Rights 

Product 

Product Application 

Term 

Exclusivity Area/Region 

Minimum 

Revenues/Obligations 

Minimum Revenues  

NIAGEN     

Finished Products for wound healing, including prevention and
treatment, with the exception of cosmetics, prescription drugs
and  Over-the-Counter (OTC) therapeutic category subtopics:
Acne; Dandruff; Seborrheic Dermatitis; Psoriasis; Skin Protectant;
Sunscreen. 

Ten (10) years 

The world 

2016  : Minimum Revenues are
waived but Buyer must continue development and demonstrate proof of
concept to the reasonable satisfaction of Seller by year
end.  

2017  : Minimum Revenues are
waived but Buyer must launch at least one (1) Finished Product
containing the Product.  

2018  : Minimum Revenue of
$[  ***  ]  

2019  : Minimum Revenue of
$[  ***  ]  

2020  : Minimum Revenue of
$[  ***  ]  

2021  : Minimum Revenue of
$[  ***  ]  

2022  : Minimum Revenue of
$[  ***  ]  

2023  : Minimum Revenue of
$[  ***  ]  

2024  : Minimum Revenue of
$[  ***  ]  

2025  : Minimum Revenue of
$[  ***  ]  

Every year thereafter shall be negotiated in good
faith. 

5.              

  Amend Exhibit B -
Exclusivity Rights for Finished Products, as it pertains to the
Product Application for Dietary Supplement in the form of a table
or capsule. Indonesia shall be added as a country for exclusivity.
The Exclusivity Area/Region shall include the language set forth
below. 

***Confidential Treatment
Requested  

-3- 

EXHIBIT B 

Exclusivity Rights 

Product 

Product Application 

Term 

Exclusivity Area/Region 

Minimum 

Revenues/Obligations 

Minimum Revenues  

NIAGEN     

Dietary Supplement in the form of a tablet or capsule 

Seller launches product within 1 year of Effective Date in each
country or loses exclusivity for that specific country 

Philippines, Taiwan, Hong Kong (not all of China), Singapore,
Indonesia 

For 6 months from Second Addendum Effective Date, Minimum Revenues
are waived but Buyer must launch at least one Finished Product
containing the Product: 

$[  ***  ]   for Year 1 (Year 1 begins 6 month after the
Effective Date)  

$[  ***  ] for Year
2  

$[  ***  ] for Year
3  

$[  ***  ] for Year
4  

$[  ***  ] for any
single twelve (12) month period between the Second Addendum
Effective Date and 2020.  

6.             

  Amend Exhibit B -
Exclusivity Rights for Finished Products, by adding a Product
Application for pets. Buyer shall have exclusivity rights to sell
Finished Products to pets, provided that there is also one (1)
third party entitled to sell Finished Products within the Product
Application for pets. 

***Confidential Treatment
Requested  

-4- 

EXHIBIT B 

Exclusivity Rights 

Product 

Product Application 

Term 

Exclusivity Area/Region 

Minimum 

Revenues/Obligations 

Minimum Revenues  

NIAGEN     

Finished Products for pets, with the exception of one (1) third
party who may also sell Finished Products within this Product
Application 

Three (3) years 

The world 

2016  : Minimum Revenues of
$[  ***  ]  

2017  : Minimum Revenues of
$[  ***  ]  

2018  : Minimum Revenue of
$[  ***  ]  

Every year thereafter shall be negotiated in good
faith. 

7.             

  Amend Exhibit B -
Exclusivity Rights for Finished Products, as it pertains to the
Product Application for sports hydration beverages to include
energy drinks and waters, including vitamin waters. 

***Confidential Treatment
Requested  

-5- 

EXHIBIT B 

Exclusivity Rights 

Product 

Product Application 

Term 

Exclusivity Area/Region 

Minimum 

Revenues/Obligations 

Minimum Revenues  

NIAGEN     

Sports hydration beverages, energy drinks, and waters, including
vitamin waters all with a Nutrition Facts label and a net quantity
contents greater than 2 oz. 

1 Year 

United States 

Meet with 1 potential customer and have made meaningful progress
toward deal to the reasonable satisfaction with Seller within 90
days of the Second Addendum Effective Date. 

Exclusivity rights and obligation for each category will be
negotiated in good faith upon signed supply deal. 

8.              

  All other terms and
conditions of the  Agreement and First
Addendum  remain the same. 

9.             

  This
Second Addendum may be executed in two or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Facsimile,
Portable Document Format (PDF) or photocopied signatures of the
Parties will have the same legal validity as original
signatures. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Second Addendum
by their duly authorized representatives for good and valuable
consideration. 

CHROMADEX,
INC.        

NECTAR7
LLC 

By:   /s/ Troy Rhonemus   
  Name:   Troy Rhonemus  

   Title:  COO 

   Date:   1/28/2016  

By:   /s/ David
D Arcangelo  

   Name:   David
D Arcangelo   

   Title:  Manager  
  Date:   1/28/16  

-6- 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 14
 ex10-10.htm
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

SEC Connect 

***Text Omitted and Filed Separately 

with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Confidential Treatment Requested 

Under 17 C.F.R. Sections 200.80(b)(4) and Rule 24b-2 of
the 

Securities Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exhibit 10.10 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO 

CHROMADEX,
INC. - DARTMOUTH EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

THIS
FIRSTAMENDMENT  ( Amendment ) is effective as of
June 13, 2016, by and between the  TRUSTEES OF DARTMOUTH COLLEGE , a
non-profit educational and research institution existing under the
laws of the State of New Hampshire (hereinafter
 Dartmouth ) and  CHROMADEX INC.  having its principal
place of business at 10005 Muirlands Blvd., Suite G, Irvine,
California 92618; hereinafter called  Company.  (hereinafter
 Company ). 

WHEREAS , the parties previously entered
into an Exclusive License Agreement, dated May 16, 2014 (the
 Agreement ); 

WHEREAS , the parties desire to amend
said Agreement as set forth herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the
premises and the covenants herein contained, the parties hereby
agree to amend the Agreement as follows: 

1.  

  Section 5.01(d)
shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following: 

(d) Company
shall pay the following percentages of any consideration received
from each sublicense (e.g., license issue fees, license maintenance
fees, lump sum payments in lieu of royalty payments, stocks, earned
royalty on sublicensee s sales, etc.) received from each
sublicensee of Company for the grant of a sublicense determined by
the date of the sublicense and payable upon Company's receipt of
the consideration thereof: 

i.   Sublicense agreement executed before filing an IND
except as noted in ii below     
                                            
     [ *** ] * % 

ii.   Sublicense agreements executed before filing an IND
in the field of Cockayne Syndrome and Muscular
myopathy [ *** ]% 

iii.  
Following the first dosing of a patient in a Phase I Clinical Trial
and prior to the first dosing of a patient in a Phase II Clinical
Trial [ *** ]% 

iv.   Following the first dosing
of a patient in a Phase II Clinical Trial and prior to the first
dosing of a patient in a Phase III Clinical Trial 
[ *** ]% 

v.   Following the first dosing
of a patient in a Phase III Clinical Trial and prior to the
issuance by the FDA (or foreign equivalent) of approval for
marketing of a Licensed Product 
[ *** ]% 

vi.   After the issuance by the
FDA (or foreign equivalent) of approval for marketing of a Licensed
Product  [ *** ]% 

***Confidential Treatment
Requested  

If the
Company is required to enter into an agreement with a third party
to make, use or sell a Licensed Product, and such agreement
requires that the Company pay a share of sublicense income to such
third party, the percentages set forth in this section shall be
multiplied by the  Sublicense Share Adjustment  which
is calculated as follows: the Sublicense Share Adjustment equals
the fraction A% / (A%+B%), where  A%  equals the
unadjusted percentage of sublicense income payable to Dartmouth,
per the above schedule, and  B%  equals the unadjusted
total percentage of sublicense income payable to such third
parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstances
shall the sublicense share payable to Dartmouth be less than 50% of
the unadjusted share, and the Dartmouth earned royalty on the sale
of Licensed Product by a sublicensee shall not be less than
[ *** ]% of the Net Sales. 

All
other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect. 

This space left intentionally blank. Signatures follow on next
page. 

***Confidential Treatment
Requested  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have
duly executed this Amendment in duplicate originals, by their
respective officers hereunto duly authorized, as of the date herein
written. As agreed by the undersigned, this Amendment may be
executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears
thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the
same instrument. Moreover, delivery of an executed counterpart of a
signature page to this Amendment by facsimile, scan or other means
of electronic image transmission and any printed record made
thereof shall be as effective as delivery of manually executed
counterpart of this Amendment. 

CHROMADEX,
INC.  

TRUSTEES
OF DARTMOUTH COLLEGE 

By:  /s/ Tom Varvaro  

      Name:
Tom Varvaro    

     Title:
CFO 

Date:
6/14/16 

By:  /s/ Nila Bhakuni  

  Name: Nila
Bhakuni 

  Title:
Director, Technology Transfer 

Date:
6/13/16 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-101.INS>
 17
 cdxc-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 cdxc-20161001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 cdxc-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 cdxc-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 cdxc-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 cdxc-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

