<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_924822_0001571049-16-019695_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1767943</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>68247</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>138933</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>321336</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>695266</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>499872</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019695.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109165115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019695
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MILLER INDUSTRIES INC /TN/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000924822
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCK & BUS BODIES [3713]
		IRS NUMBER:				621566286
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14124
		FILM NUMBER:		161984904

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8503 HILLTOP DR
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			OOLTEWAH
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37363
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4232384171

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8503 HILLTOP DR
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			OOLTEWAH
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37363

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019695.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 t1600686_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the transition period from    
       
      to  

MILLER INDUSTRIES, INC.   
 
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

(423) 238-4171   
 
     (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Not Applicable   
 
     (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes  x  
     No      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes  x  
     No      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer     
     Accelerated filer  x   

Non-accelerated filer     
     Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes     
     No  x   

The number of shares
outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value $.01 per share, as of October 31, 2016 was 11,345,560. 

Index  

Page Number   

PART I  
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
       
     2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       
     5  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
       
     6  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
     12  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       
     16  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
       
     16  

PART II  
       
      OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
       
     17  

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
       
     17  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
       
     18  

SIGNATURES   
       
     19  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Certain
statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including but not limited to statements made in Part I, Item
2  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  statements
made with respect to future operating results, expectations of future customer orders and the availability of resources
necessary for our business may be deemed to be forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as  may, 
 will,   should,   could,   continue,   future, 
 potential,   believe,   project,   plan, 
 intend,   seek,   estimate,   predict,   expect, 
 anticipate  and similar expressions, or the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology.
Forward-looking statements also include the assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing statements. Such
forward-looking statements are made based on our management s beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information
currently available to, our management. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
including, the cyclical nature of our industry and changes in consumer confidence; economic and market conditions; our
customers  access to capital and credit to fund purchases, including the ability of our customers to secure floor plan
financing; our dependence on outside suppliers of raw materials; changes in the cost of aluminum, steel and related raw
materials; changes in fuel and other transportation costs, insurance costs and weather conditions; changes in
government regulation; various political, economic and other uncertainties relating to our international operations,
including restrictive taxation and foreign currency fluctuation; competitors could impede our ability to attract or retain
customers; our ability to develop or acquire proprietary products and technology; assertions against us relating to
intellectual property rights; problems hiring or retaining skilled labor; a disruption in our information technology
systems; the effects of new regulation relating to conflict minerals; the catastrophic loss of one of our manufacturing
facilities; environmental and health and safety liabilities and requirements; loss of the services of our key executives;
product warranty or product liability claims in excess of our insurance coverage; an inability to acquire insurance at
commercially reasonable rates; and those other risks referenced herein, including those risks referred to in Part II, Item
1A  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those risks discussed in our other filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those risks discussed under the caption  Risk Factors  in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2015 (as the same may be updated from time to time in subsequent quarterly reports),
which discussion is incorporated herein by this reference. Such factors are not exclusive. We do not undertake to update any
forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by, or on behalf of, our company. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

MILLER INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

(In thousands, except share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

MILLER INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

(In thousands, except per share data)
  
 (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

MILLER INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

(In thousands)   
 (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

MILLER INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

(In thousands)   
 (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

MILLER INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 (Unaudited)  
 (in thousands, except share data and except as otherwise noted)  

1.    BASIS OF PRESENTATION    

The condensed consolidated financial statements
of Miller Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the  Company ) included herein have been prepared by the Company pursuant
to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included
in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Nevertheless, the Company believes that the disclosures
are adequate to make the financial information presented not misleading. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, to present fairly
the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows at the dates and for the periods presented. Cost of
goods sold for interim periods for certain entities is determined based on estimated gross profit rates. Interim results of operations
are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the fiscal year. 

These condensed consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.
The condensed consolidated financial statements include accounts of certain subsidiaries whose fiscal closing dates differ from
December 31 st  by 31 days (or less) to facilitate timely reporting. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified
to conform to current year presentation, with no impact on previously reported shareholders  equity. The Company evaluated
subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued. 

2.    BASIC AND DILUTED INCOME PER SHARE    

Basic income per share is computed by dividing
net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted income per share is calculated by dividing net
income by the weighted average number of common and potential dilutive common shares outstanding. Diluted income per share takes
into consideration the assumed exercise of outstanding stock options resulting in approximately 28,000 and 27,000 potential dilutive
common shares for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 28,000 and 38,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, none of the outstanding
stock options would have been anti-dilutive. 

3.    INVENTORIES    

Inventory costs include materials, labor
and factory overhead. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value), determined on a first-in, first-out
basis. Appropriate consideration is given to obsolescence, valuation and other factors in determining net realizable value. Revisions
of these factors could result in the need for adjustments. Inventories, net of reserves, at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 consisted of the following: 

4.    LONG-LIVED ASSETS  

The Company periodically reviews the carrying
amount of its long-lived assets to determine if those assets may be recoverable based upon the future operating cash flows expected
to be generated by those assets. Management believes that its long-lived assets are appropriately valued. 

Goodwill consists of the excess of cost
of acquired entities over the sum of the amounts assigned to identifiable assets acquired less liabilities assumed. Goodwill is
not amortized. However, the Company evaluates the carrying value of goodwill for impairment at least annually or if an event or
circumstance occurs that would indicate that the carrying amount had been impaired. The Company reviews goodwill for impairment
utilizing a qualitative assessment or a two-step process. If we choose to perform a qualitative analysis of goodwill and determine
that the fair value more likely than not exceeds the carrying value, no further testing is needed. If we choose the two-step approach
or if qualitative analysis determines the carrying value more likely than not exceeds fair value, the first step identifies potential
impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value
the second step is not necessary. If the carrying value is more than the fair value, the second step of testing is performed to
compare the fair value of the goodwill with its carrying value. An impairment loss would be recognized to the extent that the carrying
value of the goodwill exceeds its fair value. 

6.    LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS    

Credit Facility and Other Long-Term Obligations  

Credit Facility   

On April 6, 2010 we entered into a Loan
Agreement with First Tennessee Bank National Association for a $20,000 unsecured revolving credit facility. On December 21, 2011,
the credit facility was renewed and our unsecured revolving credit facility was increased to $25,000. On December 30, 2014, the
credit facility was further renewed to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2017. On June 11, 2015, the credit facility was further
renewed to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2018 and our unsecured revolving credit facility was increased to $30,000. On
June 22, 2016, the credit facility was further increased to $50,000 to give the Company greater flexibility to finance current
capital expenditure projects. The current credit facility contains customary representations and warranties, events of default,
and financial, affirmative and negative covenants for loan agreements of this kind. Covenants under the current credit facility
restrict the payment of cash dividends if the Company would be in violation of the minimum tangible net worth test or the leverage
ratio test in the current loan agreement as a result of the dividend, among various restrictions. 

In the absence of a default, all borrowings
under the current credit facility bear interest at the LIBOR Rate plus 1.50% per annum. The Company will pay a non-usage fee under
the current loan agreement at a rate per annum equal to between 0.15% and 0.35% of the unused amount of the current credit facility,
which fee shall be paid quarterly. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had $20,000 and $0 outstanding borrowings under the credit facility, respectively. 

Interest Rate Risk   

Changes in interest rates affect the interest
paid on indebtedness under the credit facility because outstanding amounts of indebtedness under the credit facility are subject
to variable interest rates. Under the credit facility, the non-default rate of interest was equal to the LIBOR Market Index Rate
plus 1.50% per annum (for a rate of interest of 2.03% at September 30, 2016). At the borrowing level under the credit facility
at September 30, 2016, a one percent change in the interest rate on our variable-rate debt would not have a material impact on
our financial position, results of operations or cash flows for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

Other Long-Term Obligations   

At September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $1,959
in non-cancelable operating lease obligations. 

7.    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION    

The Company did not issue any stock options
during the three months ended September 30, 2016. For additional disclosures related to the Company s stock-based compensation
refer to Notes 2 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no options were exercised in 2016 and 1,000 shares of common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of $5.49 were exercised in 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no options were exercised in 2016 and 34,000 shares of common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of $5.49 were exercised in 2015. 

8.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    

Commitments  

The Company has entered into arrangements
with third-party lenders where it has agreed, in the event of default by a customer, to repurchase from the third-party lender
Company products repossessed from the customer. These arrangements are typically subject to a maximum repurchase amount. The maximum
amount of collateral that the Company could be required to purchase was approximately $46,995 at September 30, 2016, and $38,334
at December 31, 2015. However, the Company s risk under these arrangements is mitigated by the value of the products that
would be repurchased as part of the transaction. The Company considered the fair value at inception of its liability under these
arrangements and concluded that the liability associated with these potential repurchase obligations is not material and not probable
at September 30, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
commitments of approximately $14,571 for construction and acquisition of property, plant and equipment. The Company is in the process
of consolidating and expanding its Pennsylvania manufacturing operations to increase capacity and improve operating efficiencies.
The plan includes consolidating primary manufacturing operations at one location while plans for the remaining plant location continue
to be evaluated. The current estimated costs of this project are approximately $24,712, including machinery and equipment, buildings
and improvements and land. Approximately $20,561 of these costs were incurred as of September 30, 2016 and are included in property,
plant and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets. The remainder of these costs is expected to be incurred during the
fourth quarter of 2016. The timing and costs of the project are subject to change. We do not anticipate any employee severance
costs or any material relocation expense associated with the consolidation since the two existing facilities are very close to
each other. 

The Company also recently began several
capital projects involving machinery and equipment and building improvements at its Ooltewah, Tennessee and Greeneville, Tennessee
facilities that it estimates will cost in total approximately $20,733. Approximately $4,623 of these costs
were incurred as of September 30, 2016,  and the remainder of these costs are expected to be incurred in the last quarter of 2016 and during 2017. In addition, the Company intends to construct an administrative building at its Ooltewah, Tennessee facility. The current estimated costs of such project are approximately $4,000, which are expected to be incurred during 2017. The timing and cost of the project are subject to change.  

Contingencies  

The Company is, from time to time, a party
to litigation arising in the normal course of its business. Litigation is subject to various inherent uncertainties, and it is
possible that some of these matters could be resolved unfavorably to the Company, which could result in substantial damages against
the Company. The Company has established accruals for matters that are probable and reasonably estimable and maintains product
liability and other insurance that management believes to be adequate. Management believes that any liability that may ultimately
result from the resolution of these matters in excess of available insurance coverage and accruals will not have a material adverse
effect on the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Company. 

9.    INCOME TAXES    

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had no unrecognized income tax positions recorded. The Company does not expect its unrecognized tax positions
to change significantly in the next twelve months. If unrecognized tax positions existed, the interest and penalties related to
the unrecognized tax positions would be recorded as income tax expense in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 

The Company is subject to United States
federal income taxes, as well as income taxes in various states and foreign jurisdictions. The Company s 2015 and later tax
years remain open to examination for U.S. federal income taxes. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to state
or non-U.S. income tax examinations prior to 2013. 

10.    SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY    

Dividends  

The Company has paid consecutive quarterly
cash dividends since May 2011. Dividend payments made for 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows: 

On November 7, 2016,
the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.17 per share. The dividend is payable
December 12, 2016 to shareholders of record as of December 5, 2016. 

11.    GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION    

Net sales and long-lived assets (property,
plant and equipment and goodwill and intangible assets) by region were as follows (revenue is attributed to regions based on the
locations of customers): 

12.    CUSTOMER INFORMATION    

No single customer accounted for 10% or
more of consolidated net sales for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

13.    OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE  

Other (income) expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of a foreign currency
transaction gain of $238. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, other (income) expense, net consisted of a foreign currency
transaction gain of $94. 

Other (income) expense, net for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of a foreign currency transaction gain of $451. For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, other (income) expense, net consisted of a foreign currency transaction loss of $227. 

14.     Fair Value of
Financial Instruments   

For assets and liabilities measured at
fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis, a three-level hierarchy of measurements based upon observable and unobservable
inputs is used to arrive at fair value. Observable inputs are developed based on market data obtained from independent sources,
while unobservable inputs reflect our assumptions about valuation based on the best information available in the circumstances.
Depending on the inputs, we classify each fair value measurement as follows: 

Level 1 based upon quoted prices for  identical 
instruments in active markets, 

Level 2 based upon quoted prices for  similar  instruments,
prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, or model-derived valuations, all of whose significant
inputs are observable, and 

Level 3 based upon one or more significant unobservable
inputs. 

The carrying values of cash and temporary
investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities are reasonable estimates of their fair values because
of the short maturity of these financial instruments. 

The fair value of derivative assets and
liabilities are measured assuming that the unit of account is an individual derivative transaction and that each derivative could
be sold or transferred on a stand-alone basis. We classify within Level 2 our forward foreign currency exchange contracts based
upon quoted prices for similar instruments that are actively traded. For more information regarding derivatives, see Note 15,  Derivative
Financial Instruments . 

15.     Derivative
Financial Instruments   

The Company periodically enters into foreign
currency exchange contracts designed to mitigate the impact of foreign currency risk. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company had no outstanding foreign currency exchange contracts. 

16.    RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS    

Recently Issued Standards  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued guidance to change the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to reflect the transfer of goods and services to customers in an amount equal to the consideration the entity receives or expects to receive. The guidance will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact that this new revenue standard will have on its financial statements.  

In July 2015, the FASB issued amendments to the Inventory topic
of the Accounting Standards Codification to require inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Other
than the change in the subsequent measurement guidance from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable
value for inventory, there are no other substantive changes to the guidance on measurement of inventory. The amendments will be
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption
permitted. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB amended the Income Taxes topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments will be effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company will apply the guidance retrospectively. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact that these new amendments will have on its financial statements. 

The FASB's new leases standard Accounting Standard Update ( ASU )
2016-02 Leases (Topic 842) was issued on February 25, 2016 and is intended to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions.
The standard affects all companies and other organizations that lease assets such as real estate, airplanes, and manufacturing
equipment. The standard will require organizations that lease assets referred to as  Lessees  to recognize on the balance
sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. An organization is to provide disclosures
designed to enable users of financial statements to understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases.
These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements concerning additional information about the amounts recorded
in the financial statements. Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with
lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current GAAP, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and
cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. However,
unlike current GAAP which requires only capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet the new standard will require both
types of leases (i.e. operating and capital) to be recognized on the balance sheet. The FASB lessee accounting model will continue
to account for both types of leases. The capital lease will be accounted for in substantially the same manner as capital leases
are accounted for under existing GAAP. The operating lease will be accounted for in a manner similar to operating leases under
existing GAAP, except that lessees will recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all of those leases. 

The standard will be effective for financial statements issued
for annual periods, and interim periods within these annual periods, beginning December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact that this new leasing standard will have on its financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit
Losses on Financial Instruments, as part of its project on financial instruments. The new standard introduces an approach based
on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies the impairment model for
available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets with credit
deterioration since their origination. The standard will be effective for financial statements issued for annual periods, and interim
periods within these annual periods, beginning January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the
process of evaluating the impact that this new standard will have on its financial statements. 

ITEM 2.  
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Executive Overview  

Miller Industries, Inc. is The World s
Largest Manufacturer of Vehicle Towing and Recovery Equipment   , with domestic manufacturing subsidiaries in Tennessee
and Pennsylvania, and foreign manufacturing subsidiaries in France and the United Kingdom. We offer a broad range of equipment
to meet our customers  design, capacity and cost requirements under our Century   , Vulcan   ,
Challenger   , Holmes   , Champion   , Chevron , Eagle   , Titan   ,
Jige  and Boniface  brand names. In this Item 2    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations,  the words  Miller Industries,   the Company,   we, 
 our,   ours  and  us  refer to Miller Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries or any of them. 

Our management focuses on a variety of
key indicators to monitor our overall operating and financial performance. These indicators include measurements of revenue, operating
income, gross margin, earnings per share, capital expenditures and cash flow. 

We derive revenues primarily from product
sales made through our network of domestic and foreign independent distributors. Our revenues are sensitive to a variety of factors
including general economic conditions as well as demand for, and price of, our products, our technological competitiveness, our
reputation for providing quality products and reliable service, competition within our industry, and the cost of raw materials
(including aluminum, steel and petroleum-related products). 

Our industry is cyclical in nature. In recent years, the overall demand for our products and resulting revenues have been positively affected by favorable economic conditions, such as lower fuel prices and positive consumer sentiment in our industry. However, historically, the overall demand for our products and our resulting revenues have at times been negatively affected by: 

wavering levels of consumer confidence;   

volatility and disruption in domestic and international capital and credit markets and the resulting decrease in the availability
of financing, including floor plan financing, for our customers and towing operators;   

significant periodic increases in fuel and insurance costs and their negative effect on the ability of our customers to purchase
towing and related equipment; and   

the overall effects of  global economic conditions.   

We remain concerned about the
effects of these factors on the towing and recovery industry, and we continue to monitor our overall cost structure to see that
it remains in line with business conditions. 

In addition, we have been and will continue
to be affected by changes in the prices that we pay for raw materials, particularly aluminum, steel, petroleum-related products
and other raw materials, which represent a substantial part of our total cost of operations. In the past, as we have determined
necessary, we have implemented price increases to offset higher costs. We also developed alternatives to some of the components
used in our production process that incorporate these raw materials, and our suppliers have implemented these alternatives in the
production of our component parts. We continue to monitor raw material prices and availability in order to more favorably position
the Company in this dynamic market. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had $20,000 and $0 outstanding borrowings under the credit facility, respectively. The borrowings under the credit
facility were primarily used to finance our current capital expenditure projects for our Pennsylvania manufacturing operations
and at our Ooltewah, Tennessee and Greeneville, Tennessee facilities. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our condensed consolidated financial statements
are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require us to make
estimates. Certain accounting policies are deemed  critical,  as they require management s highest degree of
judgment, estimates and assumptions. A discussion of critical accounting policies, the judgments and uncertainties affecting their
application and the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different
assumptions follows: 

Accounts receivable   

We extend credit to customers in the normal
course of business. Collections from customers are continuously monitored and an allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained
based on historical experience and any specific customer collection issues. While such bad debt expenses have historically been
within expectations and the allowance established, there can be no assurance that we will continue to experience the same credit
loss rates as in the past. 

Inventory   

Inventory costs include materials, labor
and factory overhead. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value), determined on a first-in, first-out
basis. Appropriate consideration is given to obsolescence, valuation and other factors in determining net realizable value. Revisions
of these estimates could result in the need for adjustments. 

Long-lived assets   

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be fully recoverable. When a determination
has been made that the carrying amount of long-lived assets may not be fully recovered, the amount of impairment is measured by
comparing an asset s estimated fair value to its carrying value. The determination of fair value is based on projected future
cash flows discounted at a rate determined by management or, if available, independent appraisals or sales price negotiations.
The estimation of fair value includes significant judgment regarding assumptions of revenue, operating costs, interest rates, property
and equipment additions, and industry competition and general economic and business conditions among other factors. We believe
that these estimates are reasonable, however, changes in any of these factors could affect these evaluations. Based on these estimations,
we believe that our long-lived assets are appropriately valued. 

Goodwill   

Goodwill is tested for impairment annually
or if an event or circumstance occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below the carrying
amount. We review goodwill for impairment utilizing a qualitative assessment or a two-step approach. If we choose to perform a
qualitative analysis of goodwill and determine that the fair value more likely than not exceeds the carrying value, no further
testing is needed. If we choose the two-step approach or if qualitative analysis determines the carrying value more likely than
not exceeds fair value, the first step identifies potential impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its
carrying value. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value the second step is not necessary. If the carrying value is more than
the fair value, the second step of testing is performed to compare the fair value of the goodwill with its carrying value. An impairment
loss would be recognized to the extent that the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds its fair value. We cannot predict the occurrence
of certain events or changes in circumstances that might adversely affect the carrying value of goodwill. Such events might include,
but are not limited to, the impact of the economic environment or a material change in a relationship with significant customers. 

Warranty reserves   

We estimate expense for product warranty
claims at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency,
and average cost of warranty claims. We review trends of warranty claims and take actions to improve product quality and minimize
warranty claims. We believe the warranty reserve is adequate; however, actual claims incurred could differ from the original estimates,
requiring adjustments to the accrual. 

Income taxes   

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities
based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. We consider
the need to record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized.
We consider tax loss carryforwards, reversal of deferred tax liabilities, tax planning and estimates of future taxable income in
assessing the need for a valuation allowance. If unrecognized tax positions exist, we record interest and penalties related to
the unrecognized tax positions as income tax expense in our condensed consolidated statement of income. 

Revenues   

Under our accounting policies, revenues
are recorded when the risk of ownership for products has transferred to independent distributors or other customers, which generally
occurs on shipment. From time to time, revenue is recognized under a bill and hold arrangement. Recognition of revenue on bill
and hold arrangements occurs when risk of ownership has passed to the customer, a fixed written commitment has been provided by
the customer, the goods are complete and ready for shipment, the goods are segregated from inventory, no performance obligation
remains, and a schedule for delivery has been established. While we manufacture only the bodies of wreckers, which are installed
on truck chassis manufactured by third parties, we frequently purchase the truck chassis for resale to our customers. Sales of
company-purchased truck chassis are included in net sales. Margins are substantially lower on completed recovery vehicles containing
company-purchased chassis because the markup over the cost of the chassis is nominal. 

Foreign Currency Translation   

The functional currency for our foreign
operations is the applicable local currency. The translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. dollars is performed
for balance sheet accounts using current exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, historical rates for equity and the
weighted average exchange rate during the period for revenue and expense accounts. Foreign currency translation adjustments are
included in shareholders  equity. Intercompany debt denominated in a currency other than the functional currency is remeasured
into the functional currency. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in other income and expense
in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 

Results of Operations Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased 17.0% to $147,597 from $126,205 for the comparable period in 2015. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to strong demand levels in our domestic markets based on positive consumer sentiment accompanied by increases in production levels. Domestic net sales for the period increased from $109,451 to $132,600 offset by a decrease in foreign net sales for the period from $16,754 to $14,997. 

Costs of operations for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 increased 15.1% to $130,481 from $113,409 for the comparable period in 2015, which was
attributable to increased production as a result of the strong demand levels.  Overall, costs of operations decreased as a
percentage of sales from 89.9% to 88.4% primarily due to product mix. 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $8,495 from $7,524 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The increase in expenses was primarily attributable to increased personnel costs related to an increase in staffing levels.  As a percentage of sales, selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased to 5.8% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 6.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to higher sales volume and production levels.  

Total interest expense increased to $359
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $291 in the prior year period. Increases in interest expense were
primarily due to increases in interest on distributor floor planning and on chassis purchases and borrowings under the credit facility. 

Other (income) expense, net relates to
foreign currency translation gains and losses. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 the net gain was $238 compared to
a net gain of $94 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

The provision for income taxes for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 reflects a combined effective U.S. federal, state and foreign tax rate of 35.0%
and 37.6%, respectively. 

Results of Operations Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased 11.9% to $452,525 from $404,530 for the comparable period in 2015. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to strong demand levels in our domestic markets based on positive consumer sentiment accompanied by increases in production levels.  Domestic net sales for the period increased from $348,456 to $405,913, offset by a decrease in foreign net sales for the period from $56,074 to $46,612. 

Costs of operations for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 increased 11.4% to $403,402 from $362,241 for the comparable period in 2015, which was attributable to
increased production as a result of the strong demand levels. Overall, costs of operations decreased as a percentage of sales from
89.6% to 89.1% primarily due to product mix. 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $24,823 from $22,612 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in expenses was primarily attributable to increased personnel costs related to an increase in staffing levels.  As a percentage of sales, selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased from 5.6% to 5.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 due to higher sales volume and production levels. 

Total interest expense increased to $816
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $699 in the prior year period. Increases in interest expense were primarily
due to increases in interest on distributor floor planning and on chassis purchases and borrowings under the credit facility. 

Other (income) expense, net for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was a net gain of $451 relating to foreign currency transaction gains and losses. Other (income)
expense, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was a net loss of $227 relating to foreign currency transaction gains
and losses. 

The provision for income taxes for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 reflects a combined effective U.S. federal, state and foreign tax rate of 35.4% and
35.5%, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Cash used by operating activities was $580
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to cash provided by operating activities of $13,787 for the comparable period
in 2015. Cash used by operating activities for the 2016 period reflects increases in accounts receivable primarily attributable
to the increase in net sales. Certain components of accounts receivable and accounts payable have extended collection and payment
terms. 

Cash used in investing activities was $19,785
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $5,876 for the comparable period in 2015. The cash used in investing activities
for the 2016 period was primarily for the purchase of property, plant and equipment relating to the capital projects described
below. 

Cash provided by financing activities was
$14,214 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to cash used in financing activities of $5,146 for the comparable
period in 2015. The cash provided by financing activities for the 2016 period resulted from borrowings on the credit facility of
$20,000 offset by the cash used to pay dividends for the 2016 period of $5,786. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $32,840, not including $30,000 of unused availability under our credit facility. Our primary cash requirements include working capital, capital expenditures, the funding of any declared cash dividends and principal payments on indebtedness, if any, under our credit facility. At September 30, 2016, the Company had commitments of approximately $14,571 for construction and acquisition of property and equipment. We expect our primary sources of cash to be cash flow from operations and cash and cash equivalents on hand at September 30, 2016, with borrowings under our credit facility being available if needed. We expect these sources to be sufficient to satisfy our cash needs during 2016 and for the next several years. However, our ability to satisfy our cash needs will substantially depend upon a number of factors including our future operating performance, taking into account the economic and other factors discussed above and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, as well as financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, $21,624 and $18,145, respectively, of the Company s cash and temporary investments were held by foreign subsidiaries
and their holdings are generally based in the local currency. Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S.
income taxation on repatriation to the U.S. 

The Company is in the process of consolidating
and expanding its Pennsylvania manufacturing operations to increase capacity and improve operating efficiencies. The plan includes
consolidating primary manufacturing operations at one location while plans for the remaining plant location continue to be evaluated.
The current estimated costs of this project are approximately $24,712, including machinery and equipment, buildings and improvements
and land. Approximately $20,561 of these costs were incurred as of September 30, 2016 and are included in property, plant and equipment,
net on the consolidated balance sheets. The remainder of these costs is expected to be incurred during the fourth quarter of 2016.
The timing and costs of the project are subject to change. We do not anticipate any employee severance costs or any material relocation
expense associated with the consolidation since the two existing facilities are very close to each other. 

The Company also recently began several
capital projects involving machinery and equipment and building improvements at its Ooltewah, Tennessee and Greeneville, Tennessee
facilities that it estimates will cost in total approximately $20,733. Approximately $4,623 of these costs
were incurred as of September 30, 2016, and the remainder of these costs are expected to be incurred in the last quarter of 2016 and during 2017. In addition, the Company intends to construct an administrative building at its Ooltewah, Tennessee facility. The current estimated costs of such project are approximately $4,000, which are expected to be incurred during 2017. The timing and cost of the project are subject to change. 

Credit Facilities and Other Obligations  

Credit Facility   

On April 6, 2010 we entered into a Loan
Agreement with First Tennessee Bank National Association for a $20,000 unsecured revolving credit facility. On December 21, 2011,
the credit facility was renewed and our unsecured revolving credit facility was increased to $25,000. On December 30, 2014, the
credit facility was further renewed to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2017. On June 11, 2015, the credit facility was further
renewed to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2018 and our unsecured revolving credit facility was increased to $30,000. On
June 22, 2016, the credit facility was further increased to $50,000 to give the Company greater flexibility to finance current
capital expenditure projects. The current credit facility contains customary representations and warranties, events of default,
and financial, affirmative and negative covenants for loan agreements of this kind. Covenants under the current credit facility
restrict the payment of cash dividends if the Company would be in violation of the minimum tangible net worth test or the leverage
ratio test in the current loan agreement as a result of the dividends, among various other restrictions. 

In the absence of a default, all borrowings
under the credit facility bear interest at the LIBOR Rate plus 1.50% per annum. The Company will pay a non-usage fee under the
current loan agreement at a rate per annum equal to between 0.15% and 0.35% of the unused amount of the credit facility, which
fee shall be paid quarterly. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had $20,000 and $0 outstanding borrowings under the credit facility, respectively. 

Other Long-Term Obligations   

At September 30, 2016, we had approximately
$1,959 in non-cancelable operating lease obligations. 

ITEM 3.  
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

In the normal course of our business, we
are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our results of
operations and financial position. 

Interest Rate Risk  

Changes in interest rates affect the interest
paid on indebtedness under our credit facility because the outstanding amounts of indebtedness under our credit facility are subject
to variable interest rates. Under our credit facility, the non-default rate of interest was equal to the LIBOR Market Index Rate
plus 1.50% per annum (for a rate of interest of 2.03% at September 30, 2016). At the borrowing level under the credit facility
at September 30, 2016, a one percent change in the interest rate on our variable-rate debt would not have a material impact on
our financial position, results of operations or cash flows for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk  

We are subject to risk arising from changes
in foreign currency exchange rates related to our international operations in Europe. We manage our exposure to our foreign currency
exchange rate risk through our regular operating and financing activities. Additionally, from time to time, we enter into certain
forward foreign currency exchange contracts. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes on our results of operations and cash flows was a net gain of $238
and a net gain of $94, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the impact of foreign currency exchange
rate changes on our results of operations and cash flows was a net gain of $451 and a net loss of $227, respectively. 

Because we report in U.S. dollars on a consolidated basis, foreign currency exchange fluctuations could have
a translation impact on our financial position. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized a $768 decrease in
our foreign currency translation adjustment account because of fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against certain foreign currencies,
including the post-Brexit vote strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the British pound, compared to a $441 increase for the
prior year period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized a $121 increase in our foreign currency translation
adjustment account because of fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against certain foreign currencies compared to a $2,288 decrease
for the prior year period. 

ITEM 4.  
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Within 90 days prior to the filing date
of this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
co-Chief Executive Officers (CEOs) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-14(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon this evaluation, our
CEOs and CFO have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. 

There were no significant changes in our
internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of this evaluation. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

We are, from time to time, a party to litigation
arising in the normal course of our business. Litigation is subject to various inherent uncertainties, and it is possible that
some of these matters could be resolved unfavorably to us, which could result in substantial damages against us. We have established
accruals for matters that are probable and reasonably estimable and maintain product liability and other insurance that management
believes to be adequate. Management believes that any liability that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters
in excess of available insurance coverage and accruals will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position
or results of operations. 

ITEM 1A.  
      RISK FACTORS   

In addition to the other information set
forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  of the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as updated in the Company s quarterly report for the quarter
ended June 30, 2016. 

ITEM 6.  
      EXHIBITS   

* 
     Filed herewith 

Exhibit is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subjected to the liabilities of that Section. This exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any given registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Miller Industries, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MILLER INDUSTRIES, INC.  

By: 
     /s/ J. Vincent Mish  

J. Vincent Mish  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 9, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600686_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATIONS   

I, Jeffrey I. Badgley, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Miller Industries, Inc.   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Jeffrey I. Badgley  

Jeffrey I. Badgley  

Co-Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600686_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

CERTIFICATIONS   

I, William G. Miller II, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Miller Industries, Inc.   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ William G. Miller II  

William G. Miller II  

President and Co-Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 t1600686_ex31-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

CERTIFICATIONS   

I, J. Vincent Mish, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Miller Industries, Inc.   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ J. Vincent Mish  

J. Vincent Mish  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 t1600686_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350   

I, Jeffrey I. Badgley, Co-Chief Executive
Officer of Miller Industries, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 as adopted by  
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report )
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Jeffrey I. Badgley  

Jeffrey I. Badgley  

Co-Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 t1600686_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

I, William G. Miller II, President and Co-Chief
Executive Officer of Miller Industries, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 as adopted
by   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report )
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ William G. Miller II  

William G. Miller II 
         President and Co-Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 t1600686_ex32-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350   

I, J. Vincent Mish, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Miller Industries, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350
as adopted by   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report )
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ J. Vincent Mish  

J. Vincent Mish  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 mlr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mlr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 mlr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mlr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mlr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mlr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

