<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1069394_0001654954-16-003958_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3197789</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>60944</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>205097</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>962022</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1128986</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>764815</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003958.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114160157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003958
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLEXIBLE SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001069394
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		IRS NUMBER:				911922863
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31540
		FILM NUMBER:		161994669

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2614 QUEENSWOOD DR
		CITY:			VICTORIA B C
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V8N 1X5
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2504779969

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2614 QUEENSWOOD DR
		CITY:			VICTORIA BC CANADA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V8N 1X5

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003958.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 fsi_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED
STATES 

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

  Washington, DC
20549 

FORM
10-Q 

[X] QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

[ ]   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission File
Number: 001-31540 

FLEXIBLE SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL INC. 

   (Exact Name
of Issuer as Specified in Its Charter) 

Nevada 

91-1922863 

(State or other
jurisdiction of incorporation 

  or
organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.) 

#206   920
Hillside Ave. 

Victoria, British
Columbia, Canada 

V8T
1Z8 

(Address of
Issuer's Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip
Code) 

Registrant's
telephone number: (250) 477-9969 

N/A   

   (Former name,
former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last
report) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) had
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. 

  Yes
____ X _____                                                                            No
__________ 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [
] 

Indicate by check
mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
One): 

Large accelerated
filer [
]                                                       
Accelerated filer [ ] 

Non-accelerated
filer [
]                                                          Smaller
reporting company [X] 

  (Do not check if a
smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Exchange Act Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

  Yes
________                                                                 No
____ X _____ 

FORM
10-Q 

Index 

PART I. 

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. 

Financial
Statements. 

4 

( a)  

Unaudited
Interim Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. 

4 

(  b)   

Unaudited
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

5 

(c) 

Unaudited
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

6 

(d )  

Unaudited
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

7 

(e) 

Notes to Unaudited  Interim Condensed  Consolidated Financial Statements  for the
Period Ended September 30, 2016. 

8 

Item 2. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operation . 

21 

Item
4. 

Controls
and Procedures. 

25 

PART II. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 6. 

Exhibits. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

27 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
document contains  forward-looking statements  within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact are
 forward-looking statements  for the purposes of the
federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to:
any projections of earnings, revenue or other financials items; any
statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management
for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new
services or developments; any statements regarding future economic
conditions or performance; any statements regarding future economic
conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any
statements of assumptions underlying any of the
foregoing. 

Forward-looking
statements may include the words  may, 
 could,   will,   estimate, 
 intend,   continue, 
 believe,   expect  or
 anticipate  or other similar words. These
forward-looking statements present our estimates and assumptions
only as of the date of this report. Except for our ongoing
obligation to disclose material information as required by the
federal securities laws, we do not intend, and undertake no
obligation, to update any forward-looking statement. 

Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking
statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially
from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking
statements. Our future financial condition and results of
operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject
to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. The factors
impacting these risks and uncertainties include but are not limited
to: 

Increased
competitive pressures from existing competitors and new
entrants; 

Increases in
interest rates or our cost of borrowing or a default under any
material debt agreement; 

Deterioration in
general or regional economic conditions; 

Adverse state or
federal legislation or regulation that increases the costs of
compliance, or adverse findings by a regulator with respect to
existing operations; 

Loss of customers
or sales weakness; 

Inability to
achieve future sales levels or other operating
results; 

The unavailability
of funds for capital expenditures; and 

Operational
inefficiencies in distribution or other systems. 

For a
detailed description of these and other factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any
forward-looking statement, please see  Risk Factors  in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015. 

3 

PART
I  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

  Item
1. Financial Statements. 

FLEXIBLE
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

CONDENSED
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(U.S. Dollars --
Unaudited)  

-- See
Notes to Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements -- 

4 

FLEXIBLE
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

CONDENSED
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS) 

For
the Three Months Ended  September  30, 2016 and 2015 

(U.S.
Dollars -- Unaudited) 

-- See
Notes to Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements -- 

5 

FLEXIBLE
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

CONDENSED
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015  

(U.S. Dollars --
Unaudited)  

-- See
Notes to Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements -- 

6 

FLEXIBLE
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

CONDENSED
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015  

(U.S. Dollars --
Unaudited)  

-- See
Notes to Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements -- 

7 

FLEXIBLE SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

For the Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(U.S.
Dollars -- Unaudited) 

1.              

Basis of Presentation . 

These
unaudited interim condensed consolidated interim financial
statements include the accounts of Flexible Solutions
International, Inc. (the  Company ,  we ,
or  our ), and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Flexible
Fermentation Ltd. ( Flexible Ltd. ), NanoChem Solutions
Inc. ( NanoChem ), Flexible Solutions Ltd., Flexible
Biomass LP, FS Biomass Inc. and Conserve H2O Ltd. All inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated. The company was
incorporated May 12, 1998 in the State of Nevada and had no
operations until June 30, 1998. 

The
Company and its subsidiaries develop, manufacture and market
specialty chemicals which slow the evaporation of water. One of the
Company s product s ,
HEATSAVR , is marketed for use in swimming pools and spas
where its use, by slowing the evaporation of water, allows the
water to retain a higher temperature for a longer period of time
and thereby reduces the energy required to maintain the desired
temperature of the water in the pool. Another product,
WATERSAVR , is marketed for water conservation in irrigation
canals, aquaculture, and reservoirs where its use slows water loss
due to evaporation. In addition to the water conservation products,
the Company also manufactures and markets water-soluble chemicals
utilizing thermal polyaspartate biopolymers (hereinafter referred
to as  TPAs ), which are beta-proteins manufactured
from the common biological amino acid, L-aspartic. TPAs can be
formulated to prevent corrosion and scaling in water piping within
the petroleum, chemical, utility and mining industries. TPAs are
also used as proteins to enhance fertilizers in improving crop
yields and as additives for household laundry detergents, consumer
care products and pesticides. 

These
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of
the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States for interim
financial statements.  These financial statements are
condensed and do not include all disclosures required for annual
financial statements.  The organization and business of
the Company, accounting policies followed by the Company and other
information are contained in the notes to the Company s
audited consolidated financial statements filed as part of the
Company s December 31, 2015 Annual Report on Form
10-K.  This quarterly report should be read in
conjunction with such annual report. 

In the
opinion of the Company s management, these unaudited interim
consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments necessary
to present fairly the Company s consolidated financial
position at September 30, 2016, the consolidated results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for
the entire fiscal year. 

2.             

Significant Accounting Policies. 

These
unaudited consolidated interim financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States applicable to a going concern and
reflect the policies outlined below. 

(a)             

   Cash and Cash Equivalents . 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an
original or remaining maturity of less than three months at the
date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents
are maintained with several financial institutions. 

8 

(b)             

Inventories and Cost of Sales 

The
Company has four major classes of inventory: finished goods, work
in progress, raw materials and supplies. In all classes, inventory
is valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on a
first-in, first-out basis. Cost of sales includes all expenditures
incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale. Inventory
costs and costs of sales include direct costs of the raw material,
inbound freight charges, warehousing costs, handling costs
(receiving and purchasing) and utilities and overhead expenses
related to the Company s manufacturing and processing
facilities. 

(c)            Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts  

The
Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts when management
estimates collectability to be uncertain. Accounts receivable are
continually reviewed to determine which, if any, accounts are
doubtful of collection. In making the determination of the
appropriate allowance amount, the Company considers current
economic and industry conditions, relationships with each
significant customer, overall customer credit-worthiness and
historical experience. 

(d)            Property,
Equipment and Leaseholds . 

The
following assets are recorded at cost and depreciated using the
methods and annual rates shown below: 

Computer
hardware 

30%
Declining balance 

Furniture
and fixtures 

20%
Declining balance 

Manufacturing
equipment 

20%
Declining balance 

Office
equipment 

20%
Declining balance 

Boat 

20%
Declining balance 

Building
and improvements 

10%
Declining balance 

Technology 

20%
Declining balance 

Leasehold
improvements 

Straight-line
over lease term 

Property and
equipment are written down to net realizable value when management
determines there has been a change in circumstances which indicates
its carrying amount may not be recoverable. No write-downs have
been necessary to date. 

(e)            Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets . 

In
accordance with FASB Codification Topic 360,  Property, Plant
and Equipment (ASC 360), the Company reviews long-lived assets,
including, but not limited to, property and equipment, patents and
other assets, for impairment annually or whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate the carrying amounts of assets may not be
recoverable. The carrying value of long-lived assets is assessed
for impairment by evaluating operating performance and future
undiscounted cash flows of the underlying assets. If the expected
future cash flows of an asset is less than its carrying value, an
impairment measurement is indicated. Impairment charges are
recorded to the extent that an asset s carrying value exceeds
its fair value. Accordingly, actual results could vary
significantly from such estimates. There were no impairment charges
during the periods presented. 

(f)             

   Foreign Currency . 

The
functional currency of three of the Company s subsidiaries is
the Canadian Dollar. The translation of the Canadian Dollar to the
reporting currency of the Company, the U.S. Dollar is performed for
assets and liabilities using exchange rates in effect at the
balance sheet date. Revenue and expense transactions are translated
using average exchange rates prevailing during the year.
Translation adjustments arising on conversion of the
Company s financial statements from the subsidiary s
functional currency, Canadian Dollars, into the reporting currency,
U.S. Dollars, are excluded from the determination of income (loss)
and are disclosed as other comprehensive income (loss) in the
condensed interim consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income (loss). 

9 

Foreign
exchange gains and losses relating to transactions not denominated
in the applicable local currency are included in operating income
(loss) if realized during the year and in comprehensive income
(loss) if they remain unrealized at the end of the
year. 

(g)             

   Revenue Recognition . 

Revenue
from product sales is recognized at the time the product is shipped
since title and risk of loss is transferred to the purchaser upon
delivery to the carrier. Shipments are made F.O.B. shipping point.
The Company recognizes revenue when there is persuasive evidence of
an arrangement, delivery to the carrier has occurred, the fee is
fixed or determinable, collectability is reasonably assured and
there are no significant remaining performance obligations. When
significant post-delivery obligations exist, revenue is deferred
until such obligations are fulfilled. To date, there have been no
such significant post-delivery obligations. 

Since
the Company s inception, product returns have been
insignificant; therefore no provision has been established for
estimated product returns. 

Deferred revenues
consist of products sold to distributors with payment terms greater
than the Company s customary business terms due to lack of
credit history or operating in a new market in which the Company
has no prior experience. The Company defers the recognition of
revenue until the criteria for revenue recognition has been met,
and payments become due or cash is received from these
distributors. 

(h)            Stock
Issued in Exchange for Services . 

The
Company s common stock issued in exchange for services is
valued at estimated fair market value based upon trading prices of
the Company s common stock on the dates of the stock
transactions. The corresponding expense of the services rendered is
recognized over the period that the services are
performed. 

(i)            Stock-based
Compensation . 

The Company recognizes compensation expense for
all share-based payments in accordance with FASB Codification Topic
718,   Compensation  
Stock Compensation  , (ASC 718).
Under the fair value recognition provisions of ASC 718, the Company
recognizes share-based compensation expense, net of an estimated
forfeiture rate, over the requisite service period of the
award.  

The
fair value at grant date of stock options is estimated using the
Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. Compensation expense is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the stock option vesting
period based on the estimated number of stock options that are
expected to vest. Shares are issued from treasury upon exercise of
stock options. 

(j)             

   Comprehensive Income
(Loss) . 

Other
comprehensive income refers to revenues, expenses, gains and losses
that under generally accepted accounting principles are included in
comprehensive income, but are excluded from net income as these
amounts are recorded directly as an adjustment to
stockholders  equity. The Company s other comprehensive
income (loss) is primarily comprised of unrealized foreign exchange
gains and losses. 

(k)            Income
Per Share . 

Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to
common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding in the period. Diluted earnings per share are
calculated giving effect to the potential dilution of the exercise
of options and warrants. Common equivalent shares, composed of
incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock
options and warrants are included in diluted net income per share
to the extent that these shares are dilutive. Common equivalent
shares that have an anti-dilutive effect on net income per share
have been excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average
shares outstanding for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

10 

(l)             

   Use of Estimates . 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates and would impact the results of
operations and cash flows. 

Estimates
and underlying assumptions are reviewed at each period end.
Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in
which the estimates are revised and in any future periods
affected. 

Significant
areas requiring the use of management estimates include assumptions
and estimates relating to the asset impairment analysis,
share-based payments and warrants, valuation allowances for
deferred income tax assets, determination of useful lives of
property, plant and equipment, and the valuation of
inventory. 

(m)             

   Financial Instruments . 

The
fair market value of the Company s financial instruments
comprising cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts
payable and accrued liabilities, and short term line of credit were
estimated to approximate their carrying values due to immediate or
short-term maturity of these financial instruments. The Company
maintains cash balances at financial institutions which at times
exceed federally insured amounts. The Company has not experienced
any material losses in such accounts. 

The
Company is exposed to foreign exchange and interest rate risk to
the extent that market value rate fluctuations materially differ
from financial assets and liabilities, subject to fixed long-term
rates. 

(n)            Fair
Value of Financial Instruments  

In August 2009, an update was
made to   Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures    Measuring
Liabilities at Fair Value.    This update permits entities to
measure the fair value of liabilities, in circumstances in which a
quoted price in an active market for an identical liability is not
available, using a valuation technique that uses a quoted price of
an identical liability when traded as an asset, quoted prices for
similar liabilities or similar liabilities when traded as assets or
the income or market approach that is consistent with the
principles of   Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures  . Effective upon issuance, the
Company has adopted this guidance with no material impact to the
Company s consolidated financial
statements  .  

Fair
value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for
an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the
principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants on the
measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value
must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs. The standard describes a fair value hierarchy
based on three levels of inputs described below, of which the first
two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may
be used to measure fair value. 

Level 1
  Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities 

Level 2  
Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or
indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other
inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the assets or
liabilities. 

Level 3  
Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market
activity which is significant to the fair value of the assets or
liabilities. 

11 

The
fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued liabilities and the short term line of
credit for all periods presented approximate their respective
carrying amounts due to the short term nature of these financial
instruments 

(o)            Contingencies  

Certain
conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are
issued which may result in a loss to the Company but which will
only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to
occur. The Company's management and its legal counsel assess such
contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an
exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to
legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or
unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the
Company's legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of any legal
proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of
the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought
therein. 

If the
assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a
material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can
be estimated, the estimated liability would be accrued in the
Company's financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a
potential material loss contingency is not probable but is
reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then
the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate
of the range of possible loss if determinable and material, would
be disclosed. 

Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless
they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be
disclosed. Legal fees associated with loss contingencies are
expensed as incurred. 

(p)                
 Income
Taxes  

Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax
assets are reduced by a valuation allowance so that the assets are
recognized only to the extent that when, in the opinion of
management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will be realized. 

Per
FASB ASC 740  Income taxes  under the liability method,
it is the Company s policy to provide for uncertain tax
positions and the related interest and penalties based upon
management s assessment of whether a tax benefit is more
likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax
authorities. At September 30, 2016, the Company believes it has
appropriately accounted for any unrecognized tax benefits. To the
extent the Company prevails in matters for which a liability for an
unrecognized benefit is established or is required to pay amounts
in excess of the liability, the Company s effective tax rate
in a given financial statement period may be affected. Interest and
penalties associated with the Company s tax positions are
recorded as interest expense in the condensed interim consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income
(loss). 

(q)                 Risk
Management.  

The Company s credit risk is primarily
attributable to its accounts receivable. The amounts presented in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets are net of allowances
for doubtful accounts, estimated by the Company s management
based on prior experience and the current economic
environment.  The Company is exposed to credit-related losses
in the event of non-performance by counterparties to the financial
instruments. Credit exposure is minimized by dealing with only
credit worthy counterparties. Accounts receivable for the
Company s three primary customers totaled $1,416,688 (64%) at
September 30, 2016 (December 31, 2015 - $1,298,821 or
66%).  

12 

The
credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited because the
Company limits its exposure to credit loss by placing its cash and
cash equivalents with major financial institutions. 

The
Company is not exposed to significant interest rate risk to the
extent that the long term debt maintained from the foreign
government agencies is subject to a fixed rate of
interest. 

In
order to manage its exposure to foreign exchange risks, the Company
is closely monitoring the fluctuations in the foreign currency
exchange rates and the impact on the value of cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable. The Company
has not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuations. 

(r)                 Adoption
of new accounting principles  

In June
2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,  Compensation  
Stock Compensation , an update to its accounting guidance
related to share-based compensation. The guidance requires that a
performance target that affects vesting, and that could be achieved
after the requisite service period, be treated as a performance
condition, and therefore not be reflected in determining the fair
value of the award at the grant date. The guidance is effective for
annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015.
Adoption of this guidance did not have any effect on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02, "Consolidation:
Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis." This update improves
targeted areas of the consolidation guidance and reduces the number
of consolidation models. This update is effective for annual and
interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015.
Adoption of this guidance did not have any effect on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

(s)                 Recent
Accounting Pronouncements  

On May
28, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the
 FASB ) and the International Accounting Standards
Board (the  IASB ) issued substantially converged final
standards on revenue recognition. The FASB's Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606), was issued in three parts: (a) Section A,
 Summary and Amendments That Create Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606) and Other Assets and Deferred
Costs-Contracts with Customers (Subtopic 340-40),  (b)
Section B,  Conforming Amendments to Other Topics and
Subtopics in the Codification and Status Tables  and (c)
Section C,  Background Information and Basis for
Conclusions.  The standard outlines a single comprehensive
model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from
contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue
recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The new
revenue recognition guidance becomes effective for the Company on
December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. Entities
have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified
approach to adopt the guidance in the ASU. The Company has not yet
selected a transition method and is currently evaluating the effect
that the updated standard will have on its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In
August 2014, the FASB issued new guidance on determining when and
how to disclose going -concern uncertainties in the financial
statements. The new guidance requires management to perform interim
and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as
a going concern within one year of the date the financial
statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures
if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. The guidance is effective for
annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods
thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. Upon adoption, the Company
does not believe this guidance will have a material impact on its
consolidated results of operations or financial
position. 

13 

In July
2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the
Measurement of Inventory.  Under this ASU, inventory will be
measured at the  lower of cost and net realizable
value  and options that currently exist for  market
value  will be eliminated. The ASU defines net realizable
value as the  estimated selling prices in the ordinary course
of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation.  No other changes were made to
the current guidance on inventory measurement. ASU 2015-11 is
effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. Adoption of this guidance
is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The
FASB issued the update to require the recognition of lease assets
and liabilities on the balance sheet of lessees for all leases with
the exception of short term leases at the commencement date. The
standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within such fiscal
years. The ASU requires a modified retrospective transition method
with the option to elect a package of practical expedients. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect the new
guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock
Compensation (Topic 718), which simplifies the accounting for the
taxes related to stock-based compensation, including adjustments to
how excess tax benefits and a company's payments for tax
withholdings should be classified. The standard will be effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including
interim periods within such fiscal years. The Company is currently
evaluating the new guidance and does not expect it to have a
material impact on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In
April 2016, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU
2016-10) related to identifying performance obligations and
licensing. This pronouncement is meant to clarify the guidance in
FASB ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
Specifically, the guidance addresses an entity s
identification of its performance obligations in a contract, as
well as an entity s evaluation of the nature of its promise
to grant a license of intellectual property and whether or not that
revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time. The
pronouncement has the same effective date as the new revenue
standard, which is effective for fiscal years, and for interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,
2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the
accounting update on its consolidated financial
statements. 

3.           Accounts
Receivable. 

4.           Inventory. 

14 

5.          Property,
Plant   equipment. 

Amount
of depreciation expense for 2016: $393,630 (2015:
$418,274). 

6.          
Patents. 

In
fiscal 2005, the Company started the patent process for additional
WATER$AVR  products. Patents associated with these costs were
granted in 2006 and they have been amortized over their legal life
of 17 years. 

15 

Increase in 2016
cost was due to currency conversion. 2016 cost in Canadian dollars
- $265,102 (2015 - $265,102 in Canadian dollars). 

Amount
of amortization for 2016 - $11,556 (2015 - $12,073) 

Estimated
amortization expense over the next five years is as
follows: 

7.           Long
Term Deposits. 

The
Company has reclassified certain security deposits to better
reflect their long term nature. Long term deposits consist of
damage deposits held by landlords and security deposits held by
various vendors. 

8.           
Short-Term Line of Credit. 

In May
2016, the Company signed a new agreement with Harris Bank
( the Bank ) to renew the expiring credit line. The
revolving line of credit is for an aggregate amount of up to the
lesser of (i) $3,000,000, or (ii) 75% of eligible domestic accounts
receivable and certain foreign accounts receivable plus 40% of
inventory. The loan has an annual interest rate of
4.0%. 

The
Revolving Line of Credit contains customary affirmative and
negative covenants, including the following: compliance with laws,
provision of financial statements and periodic reports, payment of
taxes, maintenance of inventory and insurance, maintenance of
operating accounts at the Bank, the Bank s access to
collateral, formation or acquisition of subsidiaries, incurrence of
indebtedness, dispositions of assets, granting liens, changes in
business, ownership or business locations, engaging in mergers and
acquisitions, making investments or distributions and affiliate
transactions. The covenants also require that the Company maintain
a minimum ratio of qualifying financial assets to the sum of
qualifying financial obligations. As of September 30, 2016, Company
was in compliance with all loan covenants. 

To
secure the repayment of any amounts borrowed under the Revolving
Line of Credit, the Company granted the Bank a security interest in
substantially all of the assets of NanoChem Solutions Inc.,
exclusive of intellectual property assets. 

Short-term
borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Line as of September 30,
2016 were $250,000 (December 31, 2015 - $200,000). 

9.           Long
Term Debt. 

In
September 2014, NanoChem Solutions Inc. signed a $1,005,967
promissory note with 

16 

Harris
Bank with a rate of prime plus 0.5% to be repaid over 5 years with
equal monthly installments plus interest. This money was used to
retire the previously issued and outstanding debt obligations. The
balance owing at September 30, 2016 was $603,580 (December 31, 2015
- $754,475). 

The
Company has committed to the following repayments: 

As of
September 30, 2016, Company was in compliance with all loan
covenants. 

10.         Stock
Options. 

The Company adopted
a stock option plan ("Plan").  The purpose of this Plan is to
provide additional incentives to key employees,
officers, directors and consultants of the Company and
its subsidiaries in order to help attract and
retain the best available personnel
for positions of responsibility and otherwise
promote the success of its business.  It is intended that
options issued
under this Plan constitute non-qualified stock
options. The general terms of awards under the
option plan are that 100% of the options granted will vest the
year following the grant. 
The maximum term of options granted is 5
years. 

The
Company may issue stock options to provide incentives to directors,
key employees and other persons who contribute to the success of
the Company. The exercise price of all incentive options cannot be
less than fair market value at the date of grant. 

17 

The
following table summarizes the Company s stock option
activity for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016: 

The
fair value of each option grant is calculated using the following
weighted average assumptions: 

The
Company did not grant any options during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. Vesting of options granted in previous years
resulted in expenses in the amount of $8,910 for consultants and
$23,013 for employees during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

During the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 the Company granted 60,000 options
to consultants that resulted in $17,673 expenses for the nine month
period. During the same period, 99,000 options were granted to
employees, resulting in $29,160 in expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Options granted in previous quarters
resulted in additional expenses in the amount of $2,511 for
consultants and $3,443 for employees during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015.   

As of
September 30, 2016, there was approximately $8,340 of compensation
expense related to non-vested awards. This expense is expected to
be recognized over a weighted average period of .25
years. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of vested options outstanding at
September 30, 2016 is $529,960. 

11.         
 Capital
Stock . 

The
Company issued 9,000 shares upon the exercise of employee stock
options in August 2016 and issued 15,000 shares upon the exercise
of consultant stock options in September 2016. 

On
January 6, 2016, the Company repurchased 1,750,000 shares of its
common stock at $0.90 per share for a total purchase price of
$1,575,000. The shares were returned to treasury and
cancelled. 

The
Company issued 8,000 shares upon the exercise of employee stock
options in July 2015. 

18 

12.         
 Segmented, Significant
Customer Information and Economic Dependency . 

The
Company operates in two segments: 

(a)
Development and marketing of two lines of energy and water
conservation products (as shown under the column heading
 EWCP  below), which consists of a (i) liquid swimming
pool blanket which saves energy and water by inhibiting evaporation
from the pool surface, and (ii) food-safe powdered form of the
active ingredient within the liquid blanket and which is designed
to be used in still or slow moving drinking water
sources. 

(b)
Manufacture of biodegradable polymers ( BCPA s ),
used by the petroleum, chemical, utility and mining industries to
prevent corrosion and scaling in water piping. This product can
also be used in detergents to increase biodegradability and in
agriculture to increase crop yields by enhancing fertilizer
uptake. 

The
accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described
in Note 2,  Significant Accounting
Policies . The Company evaluates performance based on profit
or loss from operations before income taxes, not including
nonrecurring gains and losses and foreign exchange gains and
losses. 

The
Company s reportable segments are strategic business units
that offer different, but synergistic products and services. They
are managed separately because each business requires different
technology and marketing strategies. 

Nine
months ended September 30, 2016: 

Nine
months ended September 30, 2015: 

19 

The
sales generated in the United States and Canada are as
follows: 

The
Company s property, equipment, leasehold and patents are
located in Canada and the United States as follows: 

Three
customers accounted for $7,154,393 (59%) of sales during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 (2015 - $7,586,641 or 62%). Three
customers accounted for $1,416,688 of accounts receivable (64%) at
September 30, 2016 (December 31, 2015   $1,298,821 or
66%). 

13.         
 Commitments . 

The
Company is committed to minimum rental payments for property and
premises aggregating approximately $296,561 over the term of two
leases, the last expiring on December 31, 2020. 

Commitments in the
next five years are as follows: 

14.         
 Comparative
Figures . 

Certain
of the comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with
the current period s presentation. 

20 

Item
2.  

  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. 

Overview 

The
Company develops, manufactures and markets specialty chemicals that
slow the evaporation of water. The Company also manufactures and
markets biodegradable polymers which are used in the oil, gas and
agriculture industries. 

Results of Operations 

The
Company has two product lines: 

Energy
and Water Conservation products - The Company s
HEAT$AVR  product is used in swimming pools and spas. 
The product forms a thin, transparent layer on the water s
surface.  The transparent layer slows the evaporation of
water, allowing the water to retain a higher temperature for a
longer period of time and thereby reducing the energy required to
maintain the desired temperature of the water. 
WATER$AVR , a modified version of HEAT$AVR , can be used
in reservoirs, potable water storage tanks, livestock watering
ponds, canals, and irrigation ditches. 

BCPA
products - The Company s second class of products,
TPA s (i.e. thermal polyaspartate biopolymers), are
biodegradable polymers used by the petroleum, chemical, utility and
mining industries to prevent corrosion and scaling in water piping.
TPA s can also be used in detergents to increase
biodegradability and in agriculture to increase crop yields by
enhancing fertilizer uptake. 

Material changes in
the Company s Statement of Operations for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 are discussed below: 

Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 

Item    

Increase (I) or 

Decrease
(D)     

Reason    

Sales 

      EWCP
products 

I  

Addition of new
customers. 

BPCA
products 

D  

Lower customer
orders. 

Gross Profit, as a
%   of
sales 

I  

Lower oil prices
reduced aspartic acid costs. 

Administrative
salaries   and
benefits 

I  

Increased to retain
employees. 

Interest 

D  

Reduction in amount
borrowed. 

Rent 

D  

Relocation to new
premises. 

Consulting 

D  

Reduced since the
Taber plant is no longer operational. 

Professional
fess 

I  

Increased legal and
accounting costs. 

Travel 

I  

Increased to build
future client base. 

Commissions 

D  

Uncommissionable
sales increased against commissionable sales. 

21 

Three months ended September 30, 2015 

Item   

Increase (I) or 

Decrease
(D)     

Reason  

Sales 

      EWCP
products 

D  

Lower customer
orders 

BPCA
products 

D 

Lower
customer orders. 

Administrative
salaries 

     and
benefits 

I  

Increased to retain
employees. 

Office and
miscellaneous 

D 

Reduced since the
Taber plant is no longer operational. 

Rent 

D 

Relocation to new
premises. 

Consulting 

D 

Reliance on
employees over consultants. 

Professional
fess 

I 

Increased legal and
accounting costs. 

Travel 

I 

Increased to build
future client base. 

Commissions 

D 

Uncommissionable
sales increased against commissionable sales. 

Three customers
accounting for 68% of our sales during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 (2015   73%) and 59% of our sales during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (2015 - $62%). The amount
of revenue attributable to each customer is shown
below. 

22 

Customers with
balances greater than 10% of our receivables as of September 30,
2016 and 2015 are shown below: 

In
2007, we began construction of a plant in Taber, AB, Canada. The
plant came online during 2012 and we began depreciating the plant
and related equipment effective January 2012. 

The
plant was designed to manufacture aspartic acid which is the major
component of TPAS. Previously, we bought aspartic acid from China
where the base raw material is oil. The plant uses sugar as the
base raw material. We believed that using aspartic acid
manufactured from sugar would reduce our raw material costs, reduce
price fluctuations generated by oil prices and reduce shipping
costs. 

In
February 2014, we suspended production of aspartic acid at our
Taber plant. The suspension was due to the fact that since
construction of the plant began in 2008, economic conditions in
Alberta and worldwide have changed significantly. In particular,
plant operating costs increased and the price of aspartic acid
derived from oil was less than forecast. 

Although we
continue to believe in the technical and economic viability of
using sugar in the aspartic acid process that we have pioneered, we
are unable to fund the equipment and personnel increases needed to
reach break-even levels on our own. Accordingly, a partner is
required to build on the technical successes achieved to date and
reach profitable production levels. 

While
we are actively seeking a partner to complete process development,
staffing at the Taber plant has been reduced to levels needed to
maintain the intellectual property and the process equipment we
have developed. 

We
expect that the suspension of the operations at the Taber plant
will save us approximately $800,000 per year in plant operating
costs and general and administrative expenses. 

Other
factors that will most significantly affect future operating
results will be: 

the sale price of
crude oil which is used in the manufacture of aspartic acid we
import from China. Aspartic acid is a key ingredient in our BCPA
product; 

activity in the oil
and gas industry, as we sell our BCPA product to oil and gas
companies; and 

drought conditions,
since we also sell our BCPA product to farmers. 

Other
than the foregoing we do not know of any trends, events or
uncertainties that have had, or are reasonably expected to have, a
material impact on our revenues or expenses. 

23 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 

The
Company s sources and (uses) of cash for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are shown below: 

The
Company has sufficient cash resources to meets its future
commitments and cash flow requirements for the coming year. As of
September 30, 2016, working capital was $6,570,408 (December 31,
2015 - $6,411,236) and the Company has no substantial commitments
that require significant outlays of cash over the coming fiscal
year. 

The
Company is committed to minimum rental payments for property and
premises aggregating approximately $296,561 over the term of two
leases, the last expiring on December 31, 2020. 

Commitments in the
next five years are as follows: 

Other
than as disclosed above, the Company does not anticipate any
capital requirements for the twelve months ending December 31,
2016. 

Other
than as disclosed in Item 2 of this report, the Company does not
know of any trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties
that will result in, or that are reasonable likely to result in,
its liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material
way. 

Other
than as disclosed in Item 2 of this report, the Company does not
know of any significant changes in its expected sources and uses of
cash. 

The
Company does not have any commitments or arrangements from any
person to provide it with any equity capital. 

See
Note 2 to the financial statements included as part of this report
for a description of the Company s significant accounting
policies. 

24 

Item
4.                  
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the direction and with the participation of our management,
including our Principal Executive and Financial Officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September
30, 2015. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations, and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive and financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Our disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance of reaching
desired disclosure control objectives. Based on the evaluation, our
Principal Executive and Financial Officer concluded that these
disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September
30, 2016. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, with the participation of our Principal Executive and
Financial Officer, evaluated whether any change in our internal
control over financial reporting occurred during the three months
ended September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, it was
concluded that there has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting during the three months ended September
30, 2016 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

25 

PART
II 

  Item
6.                       
Exhibits. 

______________ 

*     
Filed with this report. 

(1)  
Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Registration
Statement on Form 10-SB (SEC File. No. 000-29649) filed February
22, 2000. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

November 14,
2016 

Flexible Solutions International, Inc 

By:   

/s/  
 Daniel
B. O Brien 

Name: 

Daniel B.
O Brien 

Title: 

President and
Principal Executive Officer 

By:   

/s/  
 Daniel
B. O Brien 

Name: 

Daniel B.
O Brien 

Title: 

Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fsi_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Daniel O Brien, certify that: 

1.      
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q of Flexible Solutions International, Inc.; 

2.            Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.            Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4.            The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)           designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b)           designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or cause such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c)           evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)           disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5.            The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)           all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)           any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

November
14,
2016                                                                       
 /s/ Daniel B.
O Brien                                                         

Daniel
O Brien 

Principal Executive
Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fsi_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Daniel O Brien, certify that: 

1.      
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q of Flexible Solutions International, Inc.; 

2.            Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.            Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4.            The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)           designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b)           designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or cause such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c)           evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)           disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5.            The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)           all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)           any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

November
14,
2015                                                                       
 /s/ Daniel B.
O Brien                                                                   

Daniel
O Brien 

Principal Financial
Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 fsi_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Solely
for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
I, the undersigned Principal Executive and Financial Officer of
Flexible Solutions International, Inc. (the  Company ),
hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

November
14, 2016 

/s/ Daniel B. O Brien  

Daniel
B. O Brien 

Principal
Executive and Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 fsi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fsi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fsi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fsi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fsi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fsi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

