<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161021_10-Q_edgar_data_1674760_0001193125-16-742946_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>219761</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80145</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>107662</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>12</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-742946.hdr.sgml : 20161021
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161020180903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-742946
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161021
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161020

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674760
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55660
		FILM NUMBER:		161945054

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10298-2198
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-902-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10298-2198

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-742946.txt : 20161021

10-Q
 1
 d204108d10q.htm
 GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549       
      FORM 10-Q   
           
    For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016   
  or   
    Commission file number 000-55660       
      Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market
Credit LLC      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   
           
    Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (212) 902-0300   
  Not Applicable      Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, If Changed Since Last Report.       
     Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    YES         NO  X  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    YES         NO       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer: 

Accelerated filer: 

Non-accelerated filer:  
   
 X 
    
 Smaller reporting company: 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).     YES         NO  X    The number of the
registrant s limited liability company common units outstanding at October 20, 2016 was 1,681,503.      

GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC   

2  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these
statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   expect,   anticipate,   project,   target,   estimate,   intend, 
 continue  or  believe  or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our plans, strategies, prospects and
expectations concerning our business, operating results, financial condition and other similar matters. We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. Our forward-looking statements include information in
this report regarding general domestic and global economic conditions, our future financing plans, our ability to operate as a business development company ( BDC ) and the expected performance of, and the yield on, our portfolio companies.
There may be events in the future, however, that we are not able to predict accurately or control. The factors listed under  Risk Factors  in Post-effective Amendment No.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on
September 19, 2016, as well as any cautionary language in this report, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking
statements. The occurrence of the events described in these risk factors and elsewhere in this report could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial position. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this
report speaks only as of the date of this report. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ, from our forward-looking statements may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. You are
advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Under Section 21E(b)(2)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 do not apply to statements made in periodic reports we file under the Exchange Act, such as this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.  
 The following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements:

our future operating results;     

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting
the financial and capital markets;     

uncertainty surrounding the strength of the U.S. economic recovery;     

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies;     

the impact of investments that we expect to make;     

the impact of increased competition;     

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;     

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we
invest;     

the ability of our prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;     

the relative and absolute performance of our investment adviser;     

our expected financings and investments;     

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments;     

our ability to make distributions;     

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital;     

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies;     

the impact of future acquisitions and divestitures;     

the effect of changes in tax laws and regulations and interpretations thereof;     

our ability to maintain our status as a BDC and a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;     

actual and potential conflicts of interest with Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates;

the ability of our investment advisor to attract and retain highly talented professionals; and

the impact on our business from new or amended legislation or regulations.     
      3  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Statement of Financial Condition   
  (unaudited)       
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited financial statements.   
      4  

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Statement of Operations   
  (unaudited)       
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited financial statements.   
      5  

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Statement of Changes in Members  Capital   
  (Unaudited)       
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited financial statements.   
      6  

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Statement of Cash Flows   
  (Unaudited)       

For the period from   June 9, 2016   (inception) to   June 30, 2016   

Cash flows from operating activities:  

Net investment loss 
    
 $ 
 (338,063 
 )   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net decrease in Member s Capital resulting from operations to net cash used for operating
activities:  

Increase in organization costs  

338,063 

Net cash provided used for operating activities  
    
 $ 

Cash flows from financing activities:  

Proceeds from issuance of common units  
    
 $ 
 100 

Net cash provided by financing activities  
    
 $ 
 100 

Net increase in cash 

100 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 
    
 $ 
 100 

Supplemental and non-cash financing activities  

Accrued but unpaid deferred financing costs 
    
 $ 
 303,373 

Accrued but unpaid deferred offering costs 
    
 $ 
 1,186,659 
     
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited financial statements.   
      7  

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Notes to the Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
  ORGANIZATION       Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC (the  Company )
was initially established on December 23, 2015 as Private Middle Market Credit LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and was converted to a Delaware limited liability company on April 4, 2016. The Company intends to elect to be treated as a
business development company (a  BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ). In addition, the Company intends to elect to be treated as a regulated investment company
( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), commencing with its taxable year ending December 31, 2016. As of June 30, 2016, the Company had not commenced investment operations.
   The Company s investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation. The Company will
seek to achieve this objective primarily through investing in first lien, first lien/last-out unitranche and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments, primarily through direct
originations.    Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. ( GSAM ), a Delaware limited partnership and an affiliate of Goldman,
Sachs   Co., is the investment adviser (the  Investment Adviser ) of the Company. The term  Goldman Sachs  refers to the Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., together with Goldman, Sachs   Co., GSAM and its other
subsidiaries.    Credit Alternatives GP LLC (the  Initial Member ), an affiliate of the Investment Adviser, made a capital
contribution to the Company of $100 on June 9, 2016 (inception) and served as the sole initial member of the Company as of June 30, 2016.  
 On May 6, 2016 (the  Initial Closing Date ), the Company began accepting subscription agreements ( Subscription
Agreements ) from investors acquiring units in the Company s private offering. Under the terms of the Subscription Agreements, investors are required to make capital contributions up to the undrawn amount of their capital commitment to
purchase units each time the Company delivers a drawdown notice. The final date on which the Company will accept Subscription Agreements will occur no later than six months following the Initial Closing Date (the  Final Closing Date ),
provided that the board of directors (the  Board of Directors ) of the Company may extend the Final Closing Date by up to an additional six-month period in its discretion.  
 The investment period will commence on the Initial Closing Date and will continue until the second anniversary of the Final Closing Date,
provided that it may be extended by the Board of Directors, in its discretion, for one additional six-month period, and, with the approval of a majority-in-interest of the unitholders, for up to one additional year thereafter. In addition, the Board
of Directors may terminate the investment period at any time in its discretion.    The term of the Company will be seven years from the
Final Closing Date, subject to the Board of Directors  right to liquidate the Company at any time and to extend the term of the Company for up to two successive one-year periods. Upon the request of the Board of Directors and the approval of a
majority-in-interest of the unitholders, the term of the Company may be further extended.      

2.  
  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES        Basis of Presentation   
 The Company s functional currency is U.S. dollars and these financial statements have been prepared in that currency. The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and pursuant to Regulation S-X. This requires the Company to make certain estimates and
assumptions that may affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These financial statements reflect adjustments that in the opinion of the Company are necessary for the fair statement of the results for the
periods presented. Actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions included in the financial statements.    The financial
information reflects all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the information for the period presented. The results for the period ended June 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for
the full fiscal year, any other interim period or any future year or period.      As an investment company, the Company applies the
accounting and reporting guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 946,    Financial Services   Investment Companies    ( ASC 946 )   .     
      8  

Cash     Cash
consists of deposits held at a custodian bank. As of June 30, 2016, the Company held $100 in cash.     Foreign Currency Translation   
 Amounts denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars on the following basis: (i) investments and other assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based upon currency exchange rates effective on the date of valuation; and (ii) purchases and sales of investments and income and expense items denominated in
foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based upon currency exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates.    The Company
will not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of securities held. Such fluctuations will be included within the net
realized and unrealized gains or losses on investment transactions.     Income Taxes   
 As of June 30, 2016, the Company was a single member limited liability company, which was a disregarded entity for U.S. tax purposes. As
such, the Company has adopted an accounting policy of not recording a tax provision.    The Company intends to elect to be treated as a RIC
under the Code. So long as the Company maintains its status as a RIC, it generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes at least annually to its stockholders as dividends.
Rather, any tax liability related to income earned by the Company represents obligations of the Company s investors and will not be reflected in the Statement of Financial Condition of the Company.  
  Distributions     Distributions from net
investment income and net realized capital gains are determined in accordance with U.S. federal income tax regulations, which may differ from those amounts determined in accordance with GAAP. The Company may pay distributions in excess of its
taxable net investment income. This excess would be a tax-free return of capital in the period and reduce the unitholder s tax basis in its units. These book/tax differences are either temporary or permanent in nature. To the extent these
differences are permanent they are charged or credited to paid-in capital in excess of par, accumulated undistributed net investment income or accumulated net realized gain (loss), as appropriate, in the period that the differences arise. Temporary
and permanent differences are primarily attributable to differences in the tax treatment of certain loans and the tax characterization of income and non-deductible expenses. These differences are generally determined in conjunction with the
preparation of the Company s annual RIC tax return. Distributions to common unitholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. The amount to be paid out as a distribution is determined by the Board of Directors each quarter and is generally
based upon the earnings estimated by the Investment Adviser. The Company may pay distributions to unitholders in a year in excess of its net ordinary income and capital gains for that year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may
constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company intends to timely distribute to its unitholders substantially all of its annual taxable income for each year, except that the Company may retain certain net capital
gains for reinvestment and, depending upon the level of the Company s taxable income earned in a year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax.
The specific tax characteristics of the Company s distributions will be reported to unitholders after the end of the calendar year. All distributions will be subject to available funds, and no assurance can be given that the Company will be
able to declare such distributions in future periods.    As of June 30, 2016, no dividends or distributions had been declared or paid by the Company.
    Organization Costs     Organization
costs include costs relating to the formation and organization of the Company. These costs are expensed as incurred. Upon the initial drawdown date, unitholders will bear such costs. Unitholders making capital commitments after the Initial Drawdown
Date will bear a pro rata portion of such costs at the time of their first investment in the Company.     Deferred Offering Costs   
 Offering costs in connection with the continuous private offering of common units of the Company consist primarily of fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the offering of units, including legal, printing and other costs, as well as costs associated with the preparation and filing of the Company s registration statement on Form 10. Prior to the initial drawdown date,
offering costs are recognized as a deferred charge and will be amortized on a straight line basis over 12 months beginning on the date of commencement of investment operations.  
      9  

Deferred Financing Costs   
 In connection with the Company s preparation of entering into a revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ), the
Company has incurred certain legal fees, which have been recorded as deferred financing costs on the Statement of Financial Condition. These costs are recognized as a deferred charge and will be amortized over the life of the Revolving Credit
Facility, beginning on the date the Company enters into the Revolving Credit Facility.      

3.  
  SIGNIFICANT AGREEMENTS AND RELATED PARTIES        Investment Advisory Agreement   
 The Company entered into an investment advisory agreement effective as of April 11, 2016 (the  Investment Advisory Agreement )
with the Investment Adviser, pursuant to which the Investment Adviser manages the Company s investment program and related activities.     Management
Fee     The Company pays the Investment Adviser a management fee (the  Management Fee ), payable quarterly in arrears, equal to
0.375% (i.e., an annual rate of 1.50%) of the average net asset value ( NAV ) of the Company (including un-invested cash and cash equivalents) at the end of the then-current quarter and the prior calendar quarter (and, in the case of the
Company s first quarter, the Company s NAV as of such quarter-end). The Management Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated.  
 No Management Fee had been accrued or paid as of June 30, 2016.  
  Incentive Fee     Pursuant to the Investment
Advisory Agreement, the Company pays to the Investment Adviser an Incentive Fee (the  Incentive Fee ) as follows:      

a) 
   First, no Incentive Fee will be payable to the Investment Adviser until the Company has made cumulative
distributions pursuant to this clause (a) equal to aggregate Contributed Capital (as defined below);         

b) 
   Second, no Incentive Fee will be payable to the Investment Adviser until the Company has made cumulative
distributions pursuant to this clause (b) equal to a 7% return per annum, compounded annually, on aggregate unreturned Contributed Capital, from the date each capital contribution is made through the date such capital has been returned;

c) 
   Third, subject to clauses (a) and (b), the Investment Adviser will be entitled to an Incentive Fee equal
to 100% of all amounts designated by the Company as proceeds intended for distribution and Incentive Fee payments, until such time as the cumulative Incentive Fee paid to the Investment Adviser pursuant to this clause (c) is equal to 15% of the
amount by which the sum of (i) cumulative distributions to unitholders pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) above and (ii) the cumulative Incentive Fee previously paid to the Investment Adviser pursuant to this clause exceeds
Contributed Capital; and         

d) 
   Fourth, at any time that clause (c) has been satisfied, the Investment Adviser will be entitled to an
Incentive Fee equal to 15% of all amounts designated by the Company as proceeds intended for distribution and Incentive Fee payments.     
 The Incentive Fee is calculated on a cumulative basis and the amount of the Incentive Fee payable prior to a proposed distribution will be
determined and, if applicable, paid in accordance with the foregoing formula each time amounts are to be distributed to the unitholders. The Incentive Fee is a fee owed by the Company to the Investment Adviser and is not paid out of distributions
made to unitholders.    In no event will an amount be paid with respect to the Incentive Fee to the extent it would cause the aggregate
amount of the Company s capital gains paid in respect of the Incentive Fee to exceed 20% of the Company s realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation, in each case determined on a
cumulative basis from inception of the Company through the date of the proposed payment (the  Incentive Fee Cap ).  
      10  

Contributed Capital  is the aggregate amount of capital contributions that have been
made by all unitholders in respect of their units to the Company. All distributions (or deemed distributions), including investment income (i.e. proceeds received in respect of interest payments, dividends and fees) and proceeds attributable to the
repayment or disposition of any Investment, to unitholders will be considered a return of Contributed Capital. Unreturned Contributed Capital equals aggregate Contributed Capital minus cumulative distributions, but is never less than zero.  
 The term  proceeds intended for distribution and Incentive Fee payments  includes proceeds from the full or partial realization of
the Company s Investments and income from investing activities and may include return of capital, ordinary income and capital gains.  
 If, at the termination of the Company, the Investment Adviser has received aggregate payments of Incentive Fees in excess of the amount the
Investment Adviser would have received had the Incentive Fees been determined upon such termination, then the Investment Adviser will reimburse the Company for the difference between the amount of Incentive Fees actually received and the amount
determined at termination (the  Investment Adviser Reimbursement Obligation ). However, the Investment Adviser will not be required to reimburse the Company an amount greater than the aggregate Incentive Fees paid to the Investment
Adviser, reduced by the excess (if any) of (a) the aggregate federal, state and local income tax liability the Investment Adviser incurred in connection with the payment of such Incentive Fees (assuming the highest marginal applicable federal
and New York city and state income tax rates applied to such payments), over (b) an amount equal to the U.S. federal and state tax benefits available to the Investment Adviser by virtue of the payment made by the Investment Adviser pursuant to
its Investment Adviser Reimbursement Obligation (assuming that, to the extent such payments are deductible by the Investment Adviser, the benefit of such deductions will be computed using the then highest marginal applicable federal and New York
city and state income tax rates).    If the Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated prior to the termination of the Company (other than
the Investment Adviser voluntarily terminating the agreement), the Company will pay to the Investment Adviser a final Incentive Fee payment (the  Final Incentive Fee Payment ). The Final Incentive Fee Payment will be calculated as of the
date the Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated and will equal the amount of Incentive Fee that would be payable to the Investment Adviser if (a) all Investments were liquidated for their current value (but without taking into account any
unrealized appreciation of any Investment), and any unamortized deferred Investment-related fees would be deemed accelerated, (b) the proceeds from such liquidation were used to pay all the Company s outstanding liabilities, and
(c) the remainder was distributed to unitholders and paid as Incentive Fee in accordance with the Incentive Fee waterfall described above for determining the amount of the Incentive Fee, subject to the Incentive Fee Cap. The Company will make
the Final Incentive Fee Payment in cash on or immediately following the date the Investment Advisory Agreement is so terminated. The Investment Adviser Reimbursement Obligation will be determined as of the date of the termination of the Investment
Advisory Agreement for purposes of the Final Incentive Fee Payment.    No Incentive Fee had been accrued or paid as of June 30, 2016.  
  Expense Limitation     Pursuant to the
Investment Advisory Agreement, Company expenses borne by the Company in the ordinary course on an annual basis (excluding Management Fee, Incentive Fee, organizational and start-up expenses and leverage-related expenses) will not exceed an amount
equal to 0.5% of the aggregate amount of commitments to the Company by holders of its common units; provided, however, that expenses incurred outside of the ordinary course, including litigation and similar expenses, are not subject to such cap.
   There was no reimbursement from the Investment Adviser as of June 30, 2016.  
  Administration and Custodian Fees     The
Company has entered into an administration agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company (the  Administrator ) under which the Administrator provides various accounting and administrative services to the Company. The Company pays the
Administrator fees for its services as it determines are commercially reasonable in its sole discretion. The Company also reimburses the Administrator for all reasonable expenses. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions,
the Administrator pays any compensation associated with such functions. The Administrator also serves as the Company s custodian (the  Custodian ).  
 No administration and custodian fees had been accrued or paid as of June 30, 2016.  
  Transfer Agent Fees     State Street Bank
and Trust Company serves as the Company s transfer agent ( Transfer Agent ), registrar and disbursing agent. No transfer agent fees had been accrued or paid as of June 30, 2016.  
      11  

4.  
  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES        Capital Commitments   
 As of June 30, 2016, the Company had aggregate capital commitments and undrawn capital commitments from investors as follows:  
   
    Contingencies   
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts that provide a variety of general indemnifications. Any exposure of the
Company under these arrangements could involve future claims that may be made against the Company. Currently, no such claims exist or are expected to arise and, accordingly, the Company has not accrued any liability in connection with such
indemnifications.      

5.  
  EARNINGS PER UNIT       The following information sets forth the computation of basic and
diluted earnings per unit for the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to June 30, 2016:      

Numerator for basic and diluted earnings per unit - decrease in net assets resulting from operations 
    
 $ 
 (338,063) 

Denominator for basic and diluted earnings per unit - weighted average units outstanding 

1 

Basic and diluted earnings per unit 
    
 $ 
 (338,063) 
     
   Diluted earnings per unit equal basic earnings per unit because there were no unit equivalents outstanding
during the period presented.      

6.  
  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS       Below is the schedule of financial highlights of the Company for the period from
June 9, 2016 (inception) to June 30, 2016:      

(1)   
   
   Total return based on net asset value is calculated as the change in net asset value per unit during the
period.     

(2)   
   
   Not annualized.     
      12  

7.  
  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS       Subsequent events after the Statement of Financial Condition date
have been evaluated through the date the unaudited financial statements were available to be issued. Other than the items discussed below, the Company has concluded that there is no impact requiring adjustment or disclosure in the financial
statements.    On July 1, 2016, the Company formally commenced investment operations upon entry into its first investment commitment to a portfolio
company.    On July 13, 2016, the Company elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act.  
 On September 11, 2016, the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 became effective and the Company became subject to the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), including the rules and regulations thereunder. These rules require the Company, among other things, to file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and the Company will be required to comply with all other obligations of the Exchange Act applicable to issuers filing registration
statements to register securities pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act.     Members  Capital   
 On July 1, 2016, and July 12, 2016, the Company entered into subscription agreements with investors providing additional capital commitments of
$45.85 million and $10.00 million, respectively. When combined with capital commitments made to the Company as of June 30, 2016, total capital commitments were $785.90 million.  
 The Company cancelled the Initial Member s unit on July 12, 2016.  
  Capital Drawdowns     The following table
summarizes the total common units issued and proceeds received related to capital drawdowns delivered pursuant to the Subscription Agreements subsequent to June 30, 2016:  
   
    Revolving Credit Facility   
 The Company entered into a Revolving Credit Facility on July 18, 2016 with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent (the
 Administrative Agent ), lead arranger, letter of credit issuer and lender. The maximum principal amount of the Revolving Credit Facility is $250 million, subject to availability under the  Borrowing Base.  The Borrowing Base is
calculated based on the unfunded capital commitments of the investors meeting various eligibility requirements (subject to investor concentration limits) multiplied by specified advance rates. The Company has the ability to increase the maximum
principal amount of the Revolving Credit Facility up to $750 million, subject to increasing commitments of existing lenders and/or obtaining commitments of new lenders and certain other conditions. The Revolving Credit Facility will mature on
July 17, 2018, subject to extension with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the extending lenders, and certain other conditions.  
 Interest rates on obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are based on either (i) the prevailing London Interbank Offered Rate
( LIBOR ) for one, two, three or six months plus 2.25% per annum or (ii) an alternate base rate (the greater of the prime rate of such commercial bank, the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, and LIBOR plus 1.00%) plus 1.25% per
annum. The Company has the ability to elect either LIBOR or the alternative base rate at the time of draw-down, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. The Company pays a fee of 0.25% per
annum on committed but undrawn amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility, payable quarterly in arrears.    Amounts drawn under the
Revolving Credit Facility may be prepaid at any time without premium or penalty, subject to applicable breakage costs. Loans are subject to mandatory prepayment for amounts exceeding the Borrowing Base or the lenders  aggregate commitment and
to the extent required to comply with the Investment Company Act, as applied to BDCs. Transfers of interests in the Company s common units by investors are subject to certain restrictions and may trigger mandatory prepayment obligations.  
 The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by a perfected first priority security interest in the unfunded capital commitments of the
Company s investors (with certain exceptions) and the proceeds thereof, including assignment of the right to make capital calls, receive and apply capital contributions, and enforce remedies and claims related thereto, and a pledge of the
collateral account into which capital call proceeds are deposited. Additionally, under the Revolving Credit Facility, the lenders can directly require investors to fund their capital commitments, but lenders cannot seek recourse against a unitholder
in excess of such unitholder s obligation to contribute capital to the Company.    The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary
representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants, including without limitation treatment as a  regulated investment company  under the Code and as a  business development company  under the Investment Company
Act and restrictions on certain operations, including without limitation, certain distributions. The Revolving Credit Facility includes customary conditions precedent to draw-down of loans and customary events of default.  
      13  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  The following discussion and other parts of this report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and
uncertainties. References to  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company,  mean Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC, unless otherwise specified. The discussion and analysis contained in this section refers
to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. Please see  Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with this discussion and analysis. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking
information due to factors discussed under  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  appearing elsewhere in this report.   
  OVERVIEW     We were formed
as a Delaware limited partnership on December 23, 2015, and we converted to a Delaware limited liability company on April 4, 2016. We are conducting a private offering of our units to investors in reliance on exemptions from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). We have elected to be regulated as a business development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ). We also intend to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code ) commencing with our taxable year ending December 31, 2016. As a BDC and a RIC, we will be required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. As of June 30, 2016, we had not commenced investment operations.  
 Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. ( GSAM ), a Delaware limited partnership and an affiliate of Goldman,
Sachs   Co., is our investment adviser (the  Investment Adviser ). The term  Goldman Sachs  refers to the Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., together with Goldman, Sachs   Co., GSAM and its other subsidiaries.  
 Credit Alternatives GP LLC (the  Initial Member ), an affiliate of the Investment Adviser, made a capital
contribution to us of $100 on June 9, 2016 and served as our sole initial member as of June 30, 2016.    We seek to
generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through direct originations of secured debt, including first lien, first lien/last-out unitranche and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as
well as through select equity investments. The securities in which we invest will generally not be rated by any rating agency, and if they were rated, they would be below investment grade (rated lower than  Baa3  by Moody s Investors
Service and lower than  BBB-  by Fitch Ratings or Standard   Poor s Ratings Services). These securities, which may be referred to as  junk bonds,   high yield bonds  or  leveraged loans,  have
predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal.  
  Unitranche  loans are first lien loans that may extend deeper in a company s capital structure than
traditional first lien debt and may provide for a waterfall of cash flow priority between different lenders in the unitranche loan. From time to time, we may find another lender to provide the  first out  portion of such loan and retain a
 last out  portion of the loan, in which case, the  first out  portion of the loan would generally receive priority with respect to payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder over the  last
out  portion that we would continue to hold. The term  mezzanine  refers to a loan that ranks senior only to a borrower s equity securities and ranks junior in right of payment to all of such borrower s other
indebtedness.    We expect to invest, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of our net assets (plus any borrowings for
investment purposes), directly or indirectly in private middle-market credit obligations and related instruments. We define  credit obligations and related instruments  for this purpose as any fixed-income instrument, including loans
to, and bonds and preferred stock of, portfolio companies and other instruments that provide exposure to such fixed-income instruments.  Middle market  is used to refer to companies with earnings before interest expense, income tax
expense, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) of between $5 million and $75 million annually. While, as a result of fluctuations in the net asset value ( NAV ) of one asset relative to another asset, private middle-market
credit obligations and related instruments may represent less than 80% of our net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) at any time, we may not invest, under normal circumstances, more than 20% of our net assets (plus any borrowings
for investment purposes) in securities and other instruments that are not private middle-market credit obligations and related instruments. To the extent we determine to invest indirectly in private middle-market credit obligations and related
instruments, we may invest through certain synthetic instruments, including derivatives, that have similar economic characteristics to private middle-market credit obligations. For purposes of determining compliance with our 80% policy, each
applicable derivative instrument will be valued based upon its market value. We will notify unitholders at least 60 days prior to any change to the 80% investment policy described above.  
 We expect to directly or indirectly invest at least 70% of our total assets in middle-market companies domiciled in the United
States. However, we may from time to time invest opportunistically in large U.S. companies, non-U.S. companies, stressed or distressed debt, structured products, private equity or other opportunities, subject to limits imposed by the Investment
Company Act.  
      14  

While our investment program is expected to focus primarily on debt investments,
our investments may include equity features, such as a direct investment in the equity or convertible securities of a portfolio company or warrants or options to buy a minority interest in a portfolio company. Any warrants we may receive with
debt securities will generally require only a nominal cost to exercise, so as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from these equity investments. We may structure the warrants to provide
provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as puts, or rights to sell such securities back to the portfolio company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also obtain registration rights in
connection with these equity investments, which may include demand and  piggyback  registration rights.     KEY COMPONENTS OF OPERATIONS
      Investments    
 We expect that our level of investment activity will vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors,
including the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle-market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies, the general economic environment, the amount of capital we have available to us and the
competitive environment for the type of investments we make.    As a BDC, we will not acquire any assets other than
 qualifying assets  specified in the Investment Company Act, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70% of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in
 eligible portfolio companies.  Pursuant to rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ),  eligible portfolio companies  include certain companies that do not have any securities listed on a
national securities exchange and public companies whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange but whose market capitalization is less than $250 million.  
   Revenues      We
expect to generate revenue in the form of interest income on debt investments and, to a lesser extent, capital gains and distributions, if any, on equity securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Some of our investments may provide for
deferred interest payments or payment-in-kind interest. The principal amount of the debt investments and any accrued but unpaid interest generally becomes due at the maturity date.  
 We expect to generate revenues primarily through receipt of interest income from the investments we hold. In addition, we may
generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and consulting fees. Portfolio company fees (directors  fees, consulting fees, administrative fees, tax advisory
fees and other similar compensation) will be paid to us, unless, to the extent required by applicable law or exemptive relief, if any, therefrom, we receive our allocable portion of such fees when invested in the same portfolio company as other
Accounts (as defined below), which other Accounts could receive their allocable portion of such fee. We do not expect to receive material fees as it is not our principal investment strategy. We record contractual prepayment premiums on loans and
debt securities as interest income.      Expenses    
 We expect our primary operating expenses to include the payment of the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee to GSAM, legal and
professional fees, interest and credit facility expenses and other operating and overhead related expenses. The Management Fee and Incentive Fee compensate our Investment Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and
monitoring our investments. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, Company expenses borne by us in the ordinary course on an annual basis (excluding the Management Fee, Incentive Fee, organizational and start-up expenses and leverage-related
expenses) will not exceed an amount equal to 0.5% of the aggregate amount of commitments to us by holders of our common units; provided, however, that expenses incurred outside of the ordinary course, including litigation and similar expenses, are
not subject to such cap. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions in accordance with our Investment Management Agreement and Administration Agreement, including those relating to:  

our operational and organizational expenses;     

fees and expenses, including travel expenses, incurred by our Investment Adviser or payable to third parties
related to our investments, including, among others, professional fees (including the fees and expenses of consultants and experts) and fees and expenses from evaluating, monitoring, researching and performing due diligence on investments and
prospective investments;         

interest, fees and other expenses payable on indebtedness for borrowed money (including through the issuance
of notes and other evidence of indebtedness), other indebtedness, financings or extensions of credit, if any, incurred by us;         

fees and expenses incurred by us in connection with membership in investment company organizations;
    
      15  

brokers  commissions;     

fees and expenses associated with calculating our NAV (including the costs and expenses of any independent
valuation firm);         

legal, auditing or accounting expenses;     

taxes or governmental fees;     

the fees and expenses of our administrator, transfer agent, or sub-transfer agent;     

the cost of preparing unit certificates or any other expenses, including clerical expenses of issue or
repurchase of our units;         

the expenses of and fees for registering or qualifying our units for sale and of maintaining our registration
or qualifying and registering us as a broker or a dealer;         

the fees and expenses of our directors who are not affiliated with our Investment Adviser;

the cost of preparing and distributing reports, proxy statements and notices to our unitholders, the SEC and
other regulatory authorities;         

costs of holding unitholder meetings;     

the fees or disbursements of custodians of our assets, including expenses incurred in the performance of any
obligations enumerated by limited liability company agreement or other organizational documents insofar as they govern agreements with any such custodian;         

insurance premiums; and     

costs incurred in connection with any claim, litigation, arbitration, mediation, government investigation or
dispute in connection with our business and the amount of any judgment or settlement paid in connection therewith, or the enforcement of our rights against any person and indemnification or contribution expenses payable by us to any person and other
extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of our business.       The Investment Adviser will
not be required to pay expenses of activities which are primarily intended to result in sales of units.    We expect our
general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or decline as a percentage of total assets during periods of asset growth and to increase during periods of asset declines. Costs relating to future offerings of securities would be
incremental.      Leverage    
 We may from time to time in the future, borrow funds for a variety of purposes, subject to the limitations of the Investment
Company Act following our election to be regulated as a BDC, including to bridge fundings for investments in advance of drawdowns, as part of our investment program, to meet other short-term liquidity needs, including to pay the Management Fee, and
to facilitate our hedging activities. Sources of leverage include the issuance of senior securities (including preferred units) and other credit facilities (secured by Investments and/or pledges of Undrawn Commitments).  
 In connection with obtaining leverage, we may assign and/or pledge to the provider of such leverage the unitholders 
undrawn commitments (including our right to make drawdowns and to enforce the unitholders  funding obligations). If we pledge to the provider of leverage undrawn commitments and the amount of such undrawn commitments decreases as drawdowns are
made by us, we may be required to make additional drawdowns, use distributable proceeds or otherwise reduce our outstanding borrowings. In addition, the use of borrowed funds will result in us paying interest as well as financing, transaction and
other fees and costs to the lender, which will reduce the actual cash returns realized by the unitholders as compared to situations in which there was no borrowing or in which the borrowed funds were repaid at an earlier date. Gains made with
borrowed funds generally will increase the returns realized by unitholders. However, losses incurred with borrowed funds will magnify the losses realized by unitholders. For the avoidance of doubt, we may exclude from such pledge all or a portion of
the undrawn commitment of any investors that are officers, directors, or certain significant investors of the Company, and certain other persons, to the extent restricted under, or considered by the Board of Directors to be necessary or desirable to
facilitate compliance with, applicable laws or regulations, including ERISA, the Investment Company Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
      16  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
   Revenues      As we had
not commenced investment operations, there were no revenues earned during the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) through June 30, 2016.  
   Expenses      Expenses
from June 9, 2016 (inception) to June 30, 2016, consisted of $338,063 in organization costs, which include costs related to our formation and organization. Upon the initial drawdown date, unitholders as of such date will bear such costs
initially. Unitholders making capital commitments after the initial drawdown date will bear a pro rata portion of such costs at the time of their first investment.  
 Deferred offering costs shown on our Statement of Financial Condition as of June 30, 2016 were $1,186,659. Prior to the
initial drawdown date, offering costs in connection with the continuous offering of our common units are recognized as a deferred charge and will be amortized on a straight line basis over 12 months beginning on the date of commencement of
investment operations.    Deferred financing costs shown on our Statement of Financial Condition as of June 30, 2016
were $303,373. In connection with our preparation of entering into a Revolving Credit Facility, we incurred certain legal fees. These costs are recognized as a deferred charge and will be amortized over the life of the Revolving Credit Facility,
beginning on the date we enter into the Revolving Credit Facility.     FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
 As we had not yet commenced investment operations as of June 30, 3016, the only transactions through such date were the receipt
of an initial capital contribution of $100 from our Initial Member, in exchange for one unit.    The primary use of funds
raised in the future is expected to be for our investments in portfolio companies, cash distributions to our unitholders or for other general corporate purposes, including paying for operating expenses or debt service to the extent we borrow or
issue senior securities.    We expect to generate cash primarily from the net proceeds of any future offerings of
securities, future borrowings and cash flows from operations. To the extent we determine that additional capital would allow us to take advantage of additional investment opportunities, if the market for debt financing presents attractively priced
debt financing opportunities, or if our Board of Directors otherwise determines that leveraging our portfolio would be in our best interest and the best interests of our unitholders, we may enter into credit facilities in addition to our Revolving
Credit Facility as discussed below, or issue other senior securities. We would expect any such credit facilities may be secured by certain of our assets and may contain advance rates based upon pledged collateral. The pricing and other terms of any
such facilities would depend upon market conditions when we enter into any such facilities as well as the performance of our business, among other factors. In accordance with applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations, as a BDC, with certain
limited exceptions, we are only permitted to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least 2 to 1 after such borrowing. As of June 30, 2016, we did not have any debt.  
 We may raise capital by securitizing certain of our investments, including through the formation of one or more collateralized
loan obligations or asset based facilities, while retaining all or most of the exposure to the performance of these investments. This would involve contributing a pool of assets to a special purpose entity, and selling debt interests in such entity
on a non-recourse or limited-recourse basis to purchasers. We may also pursue other forms of debt financing, including potentially from the Small Business Administration through a future small business investment company subsidiary.  
   Contractual Obligations    
 We have entered into certain contracts under which we have future commitments. Payments under the Investment Management
Agreement, pursuant to which GSAM has agreed to serve as our Investment Adviser, are equal to (1) a percentage of our average net asset value and (2) an Incentive Fee based on investment performance. Under the Administration Agreement,
pursuant to which State Street Bank and Trust Company has agreed to furnish us with the administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations, we pay our administrator such fees as may be agreed between us and our administrator that
we determine are commercially reasonable in our sole discretion. Either party may terminate the Investment Management Agreement without penalty with at least 60 days  written notice to the other party. Either party may terminate the
Administration Agreement without penalty upon at least 30 days  written notice to the other party.  
      17  

HEDGING   
 Subject to applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act and applicable Commodity Futures Trading Commission
( CFTC ) regulations, we may enter into hedging transactions in a manner consistent with SEC guidance. Such hedging may utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors
to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. The CFTC and the SEC have issued final rules establishing that certain swap transactions
are subject to CFTC regulation. Engaging in such swap transactions may cause us to fall within the definition of a  commodity pool  under the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the  Commodity Exchange Act ), and related CFTC
regulations. The Investment Adviser has claimed no-action relief from CFTC regulation as a commodity pool operator pursuant to a CFTC staff no-action letter (the  BDC CFTC No-Action Letter ) with respect to our operations, which means
that we will be limited in our ability to use futures contracts or options on futures contracts or engage in swap transactions. Specifically, the BDC CFTC No-Action Letter imposes strict limitations on using such derivatives other than for hedging
purposes, whereby the use of derivatives not used solely for hedging purposes is generally limited to situations where (i) the aggregate initial margin and premiums required to establish such positions does not exceed five percent of the
liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such contracts it has entered into; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of such derivatives does not exceed 100% of the
liquidation value of our portfolio. Moreover, we anticipate entering into transactions involving such derivatives to a very limited extent solely for hedging purposes or otherwise within the limitations of the BDC CFTC No-Action Letter.  
 As of June 30, 2016, no hedging arrangements were used.  
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 We may become a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of our business to fund
investments and to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the
balance sheet. As of June 30, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.     RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   
 On July 1, 2016, we formally commenced investment operations upon our entry into our first investment commitment to a
portfolio company.    On July 13, 2016, we elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act.  
 On September 11, 2016, our Registration Statement on Form 10 became effective and we became subject to the requirements
of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), including the rules and regulations thereunder. These rules require us, among other things, to file with the SEC annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and we will be required to comply with all other obligations of the Exchange Act applicable to issuers filing registration statements to register securities pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act.     Members  Capital   
 On July 1, 2016, and July 12, 2016, we entered into subscription agreements with investors providing additional capital
commitments of $45.85 million and $10.00 million, respectively. When combined with capital commitments made to us as of June 30, 2016, total capital commitments were $785.90 million.  
 We cancelled the Initial Member s unit on July 12, 2016.  
  Capital Drawdowns     The
following table summarizes the total common units issued and proceeds received, subsequent to June 30, 2016, related to capital drawdowns delivered pursuant to the subscription agreements from investors acquiring units in our private offering, which
we began accepting on May 6, 2016:      
 
      18  

Revolving Credit Facility   
 We entered into a Revolving Credit Facility on July 18, 2016 with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent (the
 Administrative Agent ), lead arranger, letter of credit issuer and lender. The maximum principal amount of the Revolving Credit Facility is $250 million, subject to availability under the  Borrowing Base.  The Borrowing Base is
calculated based on the unfunded capital commitments of the investors meeting various eligibility requirements (subject to investor concentration limits) multiplied by specified advance rates. We have the ability to increase the maximum principal
amount of the Revolving Credit Facility up to $750 million, subject to increasing commitments of existing lenders and/or obtaining commitments of new lenders and certain other conditions. The Revolving Credit Facility will mature on July 17,
2018, subject to extension with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the extending lenders, and certain other conditions.  
 Interest rates on obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are based on either (i) the prevailing London Interbank
Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) for one, two, three or six months plus 2.25% per annum or (ii) an alternate base rate (the greater of the prime rate of such commercial bank, the federal funds rate plus 0.5%, and LIBOR plus 1.00%) plus
1.25% per annum. We have the ability to elect either LIBOR or the alternative base rate at the time of draw-down, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. We will pay a fee of
0.25% per annum on committed but undrawn amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility, payable quarterly in arrears.  
 Amounts drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility may be prepaid at any time without premium or penalty, subject to applicable
breakage costs. Loans are subject to mandatory prepayment for amounts exceeding the Borrowing Base or the lenders  aggregate commitment and to the extent required to comply with the Investment Company Act, as applied to BDCs. Transfers of
interests in our common units by investors are subject to certain restrictions and may trigger mandatory prepayment obligations.  
 The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by a perfected first priority security interest in the unfunded capital commitments
of our investors (with certain exceptions) and the proceeds thereof, including assignment of the right to make capital calls, receive and apply capital contributions, and enforce remedies and claims related thereto, and a pledge of the collateral
account into which capital call proceeds are deposited. Additionally, under the Revolving Credit Facility, the lenders can directly require investors to fund their capital commitments, but lenders cannot seek recourse against a unitholder in excess
of such unitholder s obligation to contribute capital to us.    The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary
representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants, including without limitation treatment as a RIC under the Code and as a BDC under the Investment Company Act and restrictions on certain operations, including without limitation,
certain distributions. The Revolving Credit Facility includes customary conditions precedent to draw-down of loans and customary events of default.  
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition to the
discussion below, our critical accounting policies are further described in the notes to the financial statements.      Distribution Policy    
 We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our unitholders out of assets legally available for distribution. Future quarterly
distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors. All distributions will be subject to lawfully available funds therefor, and no assurance can be given that we will be able to declare distributions in future periods.  
 We intend to elect to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, commencing with our
taxable year ending December 31, 2016. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, timely distribute to our unitholders at least 90% of our investment company taxable income for each taxable year. We intend to timely distribute to our
unitholders substantially all of our annual taxable income for each year, except that we may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment and, depending upon the level of taxable income earned in a year, we may choose to carry forward taxable
income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. The distributions we pay to our unitholders in a year may exceed our net ordinary income and capital gains for that year and, accordingly, a portion of
such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The specific tax characteristics of our distributions will be reported to unitholders after the end of the calendar year. Unitholders should read carefully
any written disclosure regarding a distribution from us and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our net ordinary income or capital gains.  
   Federal Income Taxes    
 As a RIC, we generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that
we timely distribute to our unitholders as dividends. To maintain our RIC status, we must meet specified source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to our unitholders at least 90% of our investment company taxable
income for each year. Depending upon the level of taxable income earned in a year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. We generally will be required to
pay such U.S. federal excise tax if our distributions during a calendar year do not exceed the sum of (1) 98% of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2% of our capital
gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding years that were not distributed during such
years.    Because federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may
differ from net investment income and realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified among capital accounts in the financial statements to reflect their
tax character. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. Differences in classification may also result from the treatment of short-term gains as ordinary income for tax
purposes.  
      19  

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       As of
June 30, 2016, we had not commenced investment operations. When investing commences, we will be subject to financial market risks, most significantly changes in interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings that
may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we expect to fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is expected to be affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate
at which we borrow. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. We will regularly measure our exposure to interest rate risk. We will
assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities.  
 We may, in the future, hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options
and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates
with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates.      

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures . As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our current disclosure
controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to us that is required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the
benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.     Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting . There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.       PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
 From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings
relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us.
      Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
 An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. There have been no material changes to the risk factors
previously reported under Item 1A:  Risk Factors  of Post-effective amendment no. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 which was filed with the SEC on September 19, 2016. Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial may materially affect its business, financial condition and/or operating results.  
      20  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
 As of June 30, 2016, the Initial Member, an affiliate of the Investment Adviser, was the sole owner of our units, having
acquired a single unit for $100 on June 9, 2016 in reliance upon the available exemption from registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.  
    Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
 Not applicable.      
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.     Not applicable.  
    Item 5. Other Information.   
 Not applicable.      
 Item 6. Exhibits.     The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Index
to Exhibits, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
      21  

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC  

Date: October 20, 2016 

/s/ Brendan McGovern  

Brendan McGovern   Chief Executive Officer and
President   (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: October 20, 2016 

/s/ Jonathan Lamm  

Jonathan Lamm   Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer   (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   
 
      22  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

23  

<EX-99.(31)(1)>
 2
 d204108dex99311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act 

Exhibit 31.1   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Brendan McGovern, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC.;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:         

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(c) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: October 20, 2016  

/s/ Brendan McGovern  
 
 Brendan McGovern  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-99.(31)(1)>

<EX-99.(31)(2)>
 3
 d204108dex99312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act 

Exhibit 31.2   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Jonathan Lamm, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:         

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(c) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: October 20, 2016  

/s/ Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-99.(31)(2)>

<EX-99.(32)>
 4
 d204108dex9932.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit 32   
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   
  Pursuant to      18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002     In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Brendan
McGovern, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Jonathan Lamm, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that, to the best of his knowledge:    1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date: October 20, 2016  

/s/ Brendan McGovern  
 
 Brendan McGovern  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: October 20, 2016  

/s/ Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-99.(32)>

