<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1171012_0001493152-16-014738_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4147234</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>244923</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>256767</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1042696</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1512994</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1002528</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>73</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014738.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110162007
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014738
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Uni-Pixel
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001171012
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		IRS NUMBER:				752926437
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34998
		FILM NUMBER:		161988308

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4699 OLD IRONSIDE DRIVE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		281-825-4500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4699 OLD IRONSIDE DRIVE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REAL ESTATEFOR LEASE COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020411

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014738.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

For
the Quarterly Period Ended  September 30, 2016    

or   

For
the Transition Period from__________ to __________   

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER:  0-49737    

UNI-PIXEL,
INC.    

  (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

DELAWARE    
         
        75-2926437     
 
       (State
or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
                                         Employer   
                                          Identification No.)     

4699
Old Ironsides Drive, Suite 300   

    Santa
Clara, California 95054    

  (Address
of Principal Executive Offices)  

(281)
825-4500    

  (Issuer s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] Yes  [  ]  No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No  [  ]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  [  ]
 No [X]  

As
of October 31, 2016, the issuer had 45,043,730 shares of issued and outstanding common stock, par value $0.001 per share.  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  [  ]   
         
      Accelerated
    filer  [  ]    

Non-accelerated
    filer  [  ]   
         
      Smaller
    reporting company [X]   
 
      (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS    

Page    
 
      Part
    I.  
        Financial
    Information    
         
      3   

Item
    1.  
        Condensed
    Consolidated Financial Statements    
         
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015    
         
     3  

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Operations Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and September 30, 2015 (unaudited)    
         
       4   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and September 30, 2015 (unaudited)    
         
        5  

Notes
    to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
         
      6   

Item
    2.  
        Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
         
      19   

Item
    3.  
        Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
         
      25   

Item
    4.  
        Controls
    and Procedures    
         
      25   

Part
    II.  
        Other
    Information    
         
      26   

Item
    1.  
        Legal
    Proceedings    
         
      26   

Item
    1A.  
        Risk
    Factors    
         
      26   

Item
    6.  
        Exhibits    
         
      29   

Table of Contents    

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.    

Uni-Pixel,
Inc.   

      Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets    

   (In
thousands, except per share data)   

See
accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Table of Contents    

Uni-Pixel,
Inc.   

      Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations    

   (In
thousands, except per share data)   

  (unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Table of Contents    

Uni-Pixel,
Inc.   

      Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

   (In
thousands, except per share data)   

  (unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Table of Contents    

Uni-Pixel,
Inc.   

      Notes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

Note
1   Basis of Presentation, Business and Organization   

Uni-Pixel,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, is the parent company of Uni-Pixel Displays, Inc., its wholly-owned operating subsidiary. As used
herein,  Uni-Pixel,   the Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to
Uni-Pixel, Inc. and Uni-Pixel Displays, Inc. Our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, is quoted on The NASDAQ Capital Market
under the ticker symbol  UNXL.   

On
April 16, 2015 we acquired certain assets and licenses related to the manufacture of XTouch touch sensors from Atmel Corporation
and CIT Technology Ltd. and we closed a private offering consisting of $15 million in principal amount of our Senior Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes together with warrants. On April 22, 2015 we terminated the Manufacturing Facility Installation and Supply Agreement
dated April 15, 2013 which was entered into by Uni-Pixel Displays, Inc. and Eastman Kodak Company.  

Our
decision to change the focus of our business from developing and manufacturing InTouch sensors to manufacturing and selling XTouch
touch sensors was based on, among other things, the pressure of declining prices and margin compression in the touch sensor market.
We believe that our acquisition of the XTouch technology will provide us with a stand-alone, go-to-market strategy that we expect
to provide a better economic model and lead to a scalable business in a more rapid time frame.  

In
addition to the flexible electronic films described above, we are developing a hard coat resin that can be applied using film,
spray or inkjet coating methods for applications as protective cover films, a cover lens replacement or a conformal hard coat
for plastic components. We plan to sell our hard coat resin and optical films under the Diamond Guard  brand.  

Our
strategy is to further develop our proprietary Performance Engineered Film  technology around the vertical markets that
we have identified as high growth profitable market opportunities. These markets include touch sensors, antennas, automotive and
lighting.  

As
of September 30, 2016, Uni-Pixel had accumulated a total deficit of $171.3 million from operations in pursuit of these objectives.  

As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $6.5 million. Our long-term viability is dependent upon our ability
to successfully operate our business, develop our manufacturing process, develop our products, establish the business relationships
we need to manufacture and market our products. On October 24, 2016, we entered into a $2.5 million loan and security agreement
with Western Alliance Bank where we can borrow up to 90% of eligible accounts receivable at a rate of prime plus 1.25%.  

The
Company is subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to, whether it can successfully integrate the XTouch operations;
whether the manufacture and sale of the XTouch touch sensors will ultimately prove to be profitable; whether the Company will
be able to raise capital when it needs to do so; whether the Company can successfully compete in the industry, particularly against
larger organizations with greater financial and other resources; whether the Company will continue to receive the services of
its key personnel; whether its intellectual property is adequately protected; and other risks related to the electronics market
industry.  

Basis
of Presentation   

The
condensed consolidated financial statements presented in this quarterly report include Uni-Pixel, Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiary,
Uni-Pixel Displays, Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.  

Note
2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Interim
financial information   

The
condensed consolidated financial statements included herein, which have not been audited pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, reflect all adjustments which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair
presentation of financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods on a basis consistent with the
annual audited statements. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. The results of operations for interim periods
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other interim period or for a full year. Certain information,
accounting policies and footnote disclosures normally included in condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations,
although we believe that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. These condensed consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Form 10-K,
for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016 (the  2015 Form
10-K ).  

Table of Contents    

The
accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and to the practices
within the technology industry. There have been no significant changes in the Company s significant accounting policies
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to what was previously disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K. The consolidated
financial information as of December 31, 2015 included herein has been derived from the Company s audited consolidated financial
statements as of, and for the fiscal year ended, December 31, 2015.  

Significant
Accounting Policies   

Use
of estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Examples include provisions for bad debts, useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets, the valuation
of derivative liability, the potential impairment of property and equipment and intangible assets, deferred taxes, the valuation
of non-cash equity awards, and the provision for and disclosure of litigation. Actual results may differ materially from those
estimates.  

Statement
of cash flows   

For
purposes of the statements of cash flows, we consider all highly liquid investments (i.e., investments which, when purchased,
have original maturities of three months or less) to be cash equivalents.  

Concentration
of credit risk   

We
maintain our cash with major U.S. domestic banks. The amounts held in interest bearing accounts periodically exceed the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insured limit of $250,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. We have
not incurred losses related to these deposits.  

Restricted
cash   

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 we had restricted cash of $0 and $4.1 million, respectively. At December 31, 2015,
the $4.1 million of restricted cash represented the amount we were required to maintain on our balance sheet in accordance with
the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement entered into on April 16, 2015 for the sale of our Senior Secured Convertible Promissory
Notes. This amount was released from restriction in the first quarter of 2016 upon conversion of the Senior Secured Promissory
Notes.  

Accounts
Receivable   

The
carrying value of our accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, represents their estimated net realizable value.
We estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts based on type of customer, age of outstanding receivable, historical collection
trends, and existing economic conditions. If events or changes in circumstances indicate that a specific receivable balance may
be unrealizable, further consideration is given to the collectability of those balances, and the allowance is adjusted accordingly.
Receivable balances deemed uncollectible are written off against the allowance. We had $0.7 million and $0.3 million accounts
receivable at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

Property
and equipment   

Property
and equipment, consisting primarily of production equipment, lab equipment, computer equipment, software, leasehold improvements,
and office furniture and fixtures is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization
for financial reporting purposes is provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of three to five years.
Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the remaining lease term or the life of the asset, whichever
is shorter. The cost of repairs and maintenance is charged as an expense as incurred. Gains or losses related to retirements or
dispositions of fixed assets are recognized in the period incurred.  

Convertible
debt   

The
Company accounts for its convertible debt as equal to its proceeds, less unamortized discounts. The Company records discounts
on its convertible debt for the fair value of freestanding and embedded derivatives as well as beneficial conversion features
associated with the issuance of the debt. Discounts are amortized over the life of the convertible debt.  

Table of Contents    

Inventory   

Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using standard cost, which approximates the first-in, first-out method.
Adjustments to reduce the carrying value of inventory to its net realizable value are made for estimated excess, obsolete or impaired
balances. These adjustments are measured as the excess of the cost of the inventory over its market value based upon assumptions
about future demand and charged to cost of revenue. At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory
is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration of the original cost basis
or increases in the newly established cost basis.  

Derivative
liabilities   

In
accordance with ASC 815-40-25 and ASC 815-10-15 Derivatives and Hedging and ASC 480-10-25 Liabilities-Distinguishing from Equity,
the Company s convertible notes are accounted for net, outside of shareholders  equity and warrants are accounted
for as liabilities at their fair value during periods where the full ratchet anti-dilution provision is in effect.  

The
warrants are accounted for a liability at their fair value at each reporting period. The value of the derivative warrant liability
will be re-measured at each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded as earnings or losses. To derive an estimate
of the fair value of these warrants, a binomial model is utilized that computes the impact of share dilution upon the exercise
of the warrant shares. This process relies upon inputs such as shares outstanding, estimated stock prices, strike price and volatility
assumptions to dynamically adjust the payoff of the warrants in the presence of the dilution effect.  

Revenue
recognition   

We
recognize revenue over the period the service is performed. In general, this requires that four basic criteria must be met before
revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, (2) delivery has occurred or services have been
rendered, (3) the fee is fixed and determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured.  

Advance
payments are deferred until shipment of product has occurred or the service has been rendered.  

Revenue
from licenses and other up-front fees are recognized on a ratable basis over the term of the respective agreement.  

Revenue
on certain fixed price contracts where we provide research and development services are recognized over the contract term based
on achievement of milestones. When the contracts provide for milestone or other interim payments, the Company will recognize revenue
under the milestone method. The milestone method requires the Company to deem all milestone payments within each contract as either
substantive or non-substantive. That conclusion is determined based upon a thorough review of each contract and the Company s
deliverables committed to in each contract. For substantive milestones, the Company concludes that upon achievement of each milestone,
the amount of the corresponding defined payments is commensurate with the effort required to achieve such milestone or the value
of the delivered item. The payment associated with each milestone relates solely to past performance and is deemed reasonable
upon consideration of the deliverables and the payment terms within the contract. For non-substantive milestones, including advance
payments, the recognition of such payments are pro-rated to the substantive milestones.  

Loss
per share data   

Basic
loss per share is calculated based on the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share
also gives effect to the dilutive effect of stock options, warrants (calculated based on the treasury stock method), convertible
notes and convertible preferred stock.  

At
September 30, 2016, 1,260,000 restricted shares and options and warrants to purchase 11,675,251 shares of common stock at exercise
prices ranging from $0.55 to $38.70 per share were outstanding, and were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per
share as their effect would be anti-dilutive.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

ASC
Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures , defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for
an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. This topic also establishes a fair value hierarchy,
which requires classification based on observable and unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy
distinguishes between assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and an entity s own assumptions (unobservable
inputs). The hierarchy consists of three levels:  

Level
1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;  

Level
2   Inputs other than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable; and  

Level
3   Unobservable inputs developed using estimates and assumptions, which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect
those assumptions that a market participant would use.  

Our
financial instruments consist of accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, a derivative liability and accounts payable. We believe
the fair values of our accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and accounts payable reflect their respective carrying amounts given
the short term nature of these instruments. The derivative liability is measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  

Table of Contents    

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements   

In
February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-02 Leases (Topic). This ASU requires a lessee to recognize
a right-of-use asset and a lease liability under most operating leases in its balance sheet. For public companies, the ASU is
effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the effects that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

Accounting
Guidance Not Yet Effective   

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize revenue
to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, the guidance provides that an
entity should apply the following steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations
in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the
contract; and (5) recognize revenue when, or as, the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company expects to adopt ASU
2014-09 for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017 and will continue to assess the impact on its financial statements.  

Other
accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have
a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  

Note
3   Commitments and Contingencies   

In
conjunction with the acquisition of the XTouch technology, the Company entered into a lease for office and production facilities
for approximately 28,918 square feet at 1150 E. Cheyenne Mountain Boulevard, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80906 under a third party
non-cancelable operating lease through April 15, 2017. In July 2015, the company entered into a lease for office space for 4,478
square feet at 4699 Old Ironsides Drive, Ste. 300, Santa Clara, CA 95054 through July 14, 2018. In addition, the company leases
approximately 7,186 square feet at 3400 Research Forest Drive, Suite B2, The Woodlands, TX that expires on May 31, 2018. Future
minimum lease commitments as of September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Eco-System
Partner Royalty Obligation   

In
April 2013, we entered into an agreement with Intel Corporation ( Intel ) (the  Capacity License Agreement )
whereby we were to receive $10 million of cash proceeds to assist us in increasing our production capacity. Under the terms of
the Capacity License Agreement, there were two milestones with related contingent consideration of $5 million for each milestone
plus certain commissions as described below. The Capacity License Agreement required us to purchase certain equipment, which we
purchased in 2013 and which we consider not a substantive milestone. The Capacity License Agreement required us to have the capability
to produce at least 1 million sensor units per month (as defined in the Capacity License Agreement) by April 2014, which we consider
a substantive milestone. We received $5 million in May 2013, which is non-refundable and was recorded as deferred revenue in the
consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2014. Upon achieving the deliverables of the Capacity License Agreement, we would have
paid a commission to Intel of 10% on revenue derived from the sales of InTouch  Sensors jointly developed with Kodak made
directly to Designated Customers. The commission amount was to be paid until the aggregate commissions paid equaled the commission
cap of $18.5 million. The term of the Capacity License Agreement is the later of 3 years or the full payment of the commission
cap. If the Company committed a material breach of the license agreement, certain equipment of the Company with an original cost
of approximately $10.1 million would be assigned to Intel to make them whole on any remaining amounts due under the commission
cap of $18.5 million.  

In
April 2014, we entered into the First Amendment to the Capacity License Agreement with Intel (the  Amended Capacity License
Agreement ). The Amended Capacity License Agreement modified the original Capacity License Agreement terms as follows: 1)
the inability of the Company to reach, by April 2014, the minimum production capability and the required quality standards specified
in the Capacity License Agreement will no longer constitute a material breach to the Capacity License Agreement; 2) the total
amount of cash proceeds to be received was reduced from $10 million to $5 million, which included the $5 million we received in
May 2013; 3) the cap on the commission amount was reduced from $18.5 million to $6.25 million; 4) the term  commission 
is defined as 10% of gross revenue from the sale of all sensors sold by the Company, which includes sales of InTouch  Sensors
to all customers including, but not limited to, Intel and its Designated Customers; 5) if the Company becomes the subject of any
proceeding under any bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation law, the Company will assign all title and ownership to the Equipment
to Intel; and 6) if the Company materially breaches the Amended Capacity License Agreement, which breach is not cured within 30
days after receipt of notice from Intel, the Company may choose to either (A) pre-pay the cap on the commission to Intel (less
the total of all previously paid commissions) or (B) assign all title and ownership to the Equipment to Intel. The only remaining
milestone of the Amended Capacity License Agreement is the capability to produce at least 1 million sensors units per month. The
Capacity License Agreement pertained to the InTouch  Sensor technology that was jointly developed with Kodak pursuant to
an agreement that was terminated after the acquisition of the XTouch sensor technology in 2015 and the Company has abandoned this
InTouch  Sensor technology.  

Table of Contents    

In
the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company recorded a $5.0 million gain on relief of deferred revenue liability for discontinued
operations. The $5 million was originally received in 2013 and under the terms of the Capacity License Agreement, pertained to
the Capacity License Agreement that was based on the InTouch  Sensor technology which is no longer used.  

In
March 2016, Intel requested that the Company refund over time the $5 million discussed above that the Company had received from
Intel in May 2013. The Company declined to refund the money as the payment was not refundable under the Amended Capacity License
Agreement or otherwise due to Intel. As noted above, the agreement with Intel pertained to a technology that the Company abandoned
when it terminated its joint development agreement with Kodak in 2015. Intel requested that the refund be accomplished by the
Company paying Intel commissions on XTouch sensor revenue until the $5 million was refunded. The Company responded that no commissions
are owed under the Amended Capacity License Agreement because it is not selling the abandoned InTouch  Sensors or otherwise
using the technology covered by the Amended Capacity License Agreement in its current products. The only products the Company
has recognized revenue on are based on the XTouch sensor technology acquired from Atmel Corporation and CIT Technology Ltd. in
April of 2015. No litigation or other legal proceeding has commenced on Intel s request. The Company has engaged in discussions
with Intel regarding formulation of a mutually agreeable commercial relationship. While it is not possible to predict the outcome
of these discussions with certainty at the present time, if the Company is unable to reach an acceptable relationship, it intends
to vigorously contest any claim that Intel might make.  

Securities
and Exchange Commission Complaint against former Officers of the Company and Settlement with the Company   

On
November 19, 2013, the Company learned that the Fort Worth Regional Office of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) issued subpoenas concerning the Company s agreements related to our InTouch  Sensors. The Company
cooperated fully with the SEC regarding this non-public, fact-finding inquiry, which resulted in a complaint filed by the SEC
on March 9, 2016 naming the Company and two of the Company s former executive officers as defendants. The allegations of
the SEC in this complaint against the two former executive officers, Reed Killion and Jeffrey Tomz, who were respectively the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company during the relevant periods of time at issue in the SEC s
complaint, include that they made more than $2 million in personal profits from selling their own shares of the Company s
common stock following disclosures regarding the Company s agreement related to our InTouch  Sensors.  

On
March 16, 2016, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas on March 16, 2016 signed a final judgment on this complaint
pursuant to our consent (the  Final Judgment ), which the Company gave without admitting or denying the allegations
of the SEC s complaint. Without admitting or denying the allegations of the SEC s complaint, we consented to the Final
Judgment, which permanently enjoins us from violating Sections 10(b) and 13(b)(2)(A) and (B) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the  Exchange Act ), Rule 10b-5 of the SEC and Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933. The Final Judgment
also permanently enjoins the filing with the SEC any periodic report pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 13a-1,
13a-11, 13a-13 and 12b-20 of the SEC, which contains any untrue statement of material fact, or which omits to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
or which fails to comply in any material respect with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. The Final Judgment also provides for a civil penalty in the amount of $750,000 to be paid in accordance
with the following schedule:  

(1)
$20,000, within 14 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (2)
$20,000, within 104 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (3)
$30,000, within 194 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (4)
$45,000, within 284 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (5)
$60,000, within 374 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (6)
$70,000, within 464 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (7)
$80,000, within 554 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (8)
$80,000, within 644 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (9)
$80,000, within 734 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (10)
$85,000, within 824 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (11)
$90,000, within 914 days of entry of the Final Judgment;  

  (12)
$90,000, within 1004 days of entry of the Final Judgment  

The
$750,000 settlement was recorded in other expense on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31,
2015. As of September 30, 2016, the remaining settlement accrual is reflected in current liabilities of $255,000 and $425,000
in long-term liabilities.  

Table of Contents    

Complaint
by former Officers of the Company for Advancement of Expenses   

The
Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws contain provisions regarding indemnification and advancement of expenses actually
and reasonably incurred by the Company s officers in connection with civil, criminal, administrative or investigative matters
provided that such officers acted in good faith and in a manner such officers reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reason or cause to believe such
officer s conduct was unlawful. The advancement of expenses is expressly conditioned upon receipt of an undertaking by the
officer to repay all such amounts so advanced in the event that it shall ultimately be determined that the officer is not entitled
to be indemnified by the Company. The Company, or its insurance company, has paid as agreed all invoices for all years through
the end of 2015 for the defense of Messrs. Killion and Tomz in the investigation by the SEC that resulted in the filing of the
complaint against them by the SEC. A portion of payments for 2016 invoices have has also been made, but the Company has disputed
other 2016 invoices totaling approximately $265,000 as containing expenses that have not been reasonably incurred by Messrs. Killion
and Tomz in defense of the SEC s complaint. Through the course of 2016, the Company has been in discussions with counsel
to Messrs. Killion and Tomz of resolving counsels  charges on these invoices. Notwithstanding those discussions, on August
22, 2016, Messrs. Killion and Tomz filed an action against the Company for advancement of expenses in the Delaware Chancery Court.
The Company has contested the claims made by Messrs. Killion and Tomz that it has not advanced expenses reasonably incurred by
them in the underlying action brought by the SEC. In October 2016, the Chancery Court appointed a former Vice Chancellor of the
Delaware Chancery Court to act as a Special Master to determine whether expenses are reasonably incurred to the extent that the
Company and Messrs. Killion and Tomz are not capable to resolve the dispute concerning whether expenses have been reasonably incurred
without the assistance of the judicial process.  

Note
4  Equity, Stock Plan and Warrants   

Common
Stock   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we (1) issued 833,252 shares of common stock to directors and employees; (2) issued
1,595,000 shares related to exercise of warrants; (3) issued 6,152,500 shares and received proceeds of $8.4 million, net of issuance
costs of $0.8 million.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we (1) issued 12,500 shares of common stock for cash in connection with the exercise
of stock options; (2) issued 105,017 shares of common stock to various directors, officers and employees as stock awards; (3)
issued 20,833 shares of common stock for the settlement of the derivative lawsuit; (4) issued 430,000 shares of common stock for
the settlement of the class action lawsuit; and (5) issued 6,548,225 shares of common stock to convert $8.1 million of principal
and $0.3 million of interest into shares of common stock.  

Restricted
Stock   

Total
compensation expense recognized for restricted stock was approximately $1.0 million and $1.1 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company has recorded approximately $1.0 million, $15,000 and $15,000
of restricted stock expense in selling, general and administrative expenses, research and development expense and cost of revenue
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively and approximately $0.9 million and $0.2 million of restricted stock
expense in selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development expense for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, respectively.  

In
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company granted 1,260,000 restricted stock units ( RSUs ) with a grant-date
fair value of approximately $1.9 million or $1.50 per share.  

RSUs
are converted into shares of the Company s common stock upon vesting on a one-for-one basis. Typically, vesting of RSUs
is subject to the employee s continuing service to the Company. RSUs generally vest over a period of three years and are
expensed ratably on a straight line basis over their respective vesting period net of estimated forfeitures. The fair value of
the RSUs granted is the product of the number of shares granted and the grant date fair value of the Company s common stock.
The RSUs that will vest in future periods will be net-share settled such that the Company will withhold shares with value equivalent
to the employees  minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash
to the appropriate taxing authorities. The total shares to be withheld will be based on the value of the RSUs on their vesting
date as determined by the Company s closing stock price.  

At
September 30, 2016, there was $2.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested shares of restricted
stock which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.23 years. There were 429,938 shares of restricted
stock, net that became vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Stock
Incentive Plans   

The
Company has adopted four stock incentive plans: the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, the 2010 Stock Incentive
Plan and the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (collectively, the  Stock Incentive Plans ). The Stock Incentive Plans allow
for an aggregate of up to 5,500,001 shares of our common stock to be awarded through incentive and non-qualified stock options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, performance shares and other types of awards.  

Table of Contents    

Our
Stock Incentive Plans are administered by our Board of Directors, which has the sole discretion to select participants who will
receive the awards and to determine the type, size and terms of each award granted. As of September 30, 2016, there were 482,553
shares available for issuance under the Stock Incentive Plans.  

The
following disclosures provide information regarding the Company s stock-based compensation awards, all of which are classified
as equity awards:  

Total
compensation expense recognized for options was approximately $0.4 million and $1.3 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company has recorded approximately $0.2 million, $0.8 million and $66,000 of
stock compensation expense in selling, general and administrative expenses research and development expense and cost of revenue
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and approximately $0.5 million, 0.8 million and $46,000 of stock compensation expense
in selling, general and administrative expenses, research and development expense and cost of revenue for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015.  

A
summary of the changes in the total stock options outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 follows:  

The
fair values of the Company s options were estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the
following weighted-average assumptions:  

At
September 30, 2016, there was $0.8 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards which
is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.01 years. There were approximately 0.5 million, net options that
became vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Common
Stock Warrants   

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company has 9,475,360 common stock warrants outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $1.61
per share. Information regarding outstanding warrants as of September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

(1)  
      The
    exercise price of the warrants and the number of shares for which the warrants are exercisable are subject to certain adjustments
    if the Company issues or sells additional shares of common stock or common stock equivalents at a price per share less than
    the exercise price then in effect, or without consideration.   

Table of Contents    

Note
5   Property and Equipment and Inventory   

A
summary of the components of property and equipment (in thousands) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:  

Depreciation
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was approximately $0.8 million and $3.6 million, respectively.  

A
summary of the components of inventory at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands):  

Note
6   Senior Secured Convertible Notes and Warrants   

Concurrent
with the consummation of the XTouch acquisition, on April 16, 2015 (the  Effective Date ), and pursuant to a Securities
Purchase Agreement, we sold $15 million in Senior Secured Convertible Notes, together with warrants for the purchase of 1,151,121
shares of our common stock (the  Warrants ), to two accredited investors (the  Investors ). In addition,
we sold an additional $0.5 million Convertible Note to one of these Investors in November 2015, and the Warrant issued to that
Investor was adjusted for an additional 38,371 shares of common stock. The number of shares of common stock subject to the Warrants
equaled 65% of the number of shares of common stock the Investors would receive if the Convertible Notes were converted at the
Conversion Price (as defined below) on the trading day immediately prior to the Effective Date.  

The
Convertible Notes accrue simple interest at the rate of 9% per year ( Interest ). On November 23, 2015, the Interest
was reduced to 4%. The Convertible Notes together with all accrued and unpaid Interest were due and payable on April 16, 2016
(the  Maturity Date ). The Investors may, at any time, elect to convert the Convertible Notes into shares of our common
stock at the conversion price, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations. The conversion price is the lesser of $8.47
per share (the  Conversion Price ), subject to adjustment as set forth in the Convertible Notes for stock splits,
dividends, recapitalizations and similar events, which equaled 110% of the last closing price of our common stock prior to the
execution and delivery of the Securities Purchase Agreement and 85% of the lowest closing sale price during the prior 30 trading
day period. As of February 16, 2016, the Convertible Note had been fully repaid.  

The
Warrants when issued had a five-year term and a per share exercise price of $9.63, subject to adjustment as set forth in the Warrants,
which equaled 125% of the closing price of our common stock prior to the Effective Date. If, after the Effective Date, we issue
or sell, or are deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of common stock (with the exception of certain Excluded Securities,
as those are defined in the Warrants) for a consideration per share less than a price equal to the exercise price of the Warrants
in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) (a  Dilutive Issuance ), then immediately
after the Dilutive Issuance, (x) if the Dilutive Issuance occurs prior to the one year anniversary of the Effective Date, then
the exercise price then in effect will be reduced to an amount equal to the product of (A) the exercise price in effect immediately
prior to the Dilutive Issuance and (B) the quotient determined by dividing (1) the sum of (I) the product derived by multiplying
the exercise price in effect immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance and the number of Common Shares Deemed Outstanding (as
defined in the Warrants) immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance plus (II) the consideration, if any, received by us on such
Dilutive Issuance, by (2) the product derived by multiplying (I) the exercise price in effect immediately prior to the Dilutive
Issuance by (II) the number of Common Shares Deemed Outstanding immediately after the Dilutive Issuance and (y) if the Dilutive
Issuance occurs after the one year anniversary of the Effective Date but within five years of the Effective Date, the exercise
price then in effect will be reduced to an amount equal to the price of the shares of common stock issued in the Dilutive Issuance.
The Warrants will be exercisable for cash, but if a prospectus covering the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants is
not available, the Investors may exercise the Warrants using a cashless exercise provision. The Warrants may not be exercised
if, after giving effect to the exercise, the Investor would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% or 9.99% of the outstanding shares
of common stock, depending on the Investor. At the Investor s option, the cap applicable to the exercise of the Warrants
may be raised or lowered to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99%, except that any increase will only be effective upon
61-days  prior notice to us.  

Table of Contents    

As
per the terms of the November 2015 equity transaction, the 1,189,492 Warrants were exchanged for new warrants to purchase an equivalent
number of shares of common stock in the same form and same terms as the warrants issued in such equity transaction, including
a repricing to $1.50 per share exercise price. The exercise price of the Warrants and the number of shares for which the Warrants
are exercisable are subject to certain adjustments if the Company issues or sells additional shares of common stock or common
stock equivalents at a price per share less than the exercise price then in effect, or without consideration. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, there will be no adjustment to the exercise price of the Warrants or number of warrant shares issuable upon exercise
in connection with the issuance of common stock upon Board of Director-approved employee benefit plans or upon the conversion,
exercise or payment of certain outstanding, excluded securities.  

Pursuant
to a Pledge and Security Agreement (the  Security Agreement ) we entered into in favor of Hudson Bay Fund LP as Collateral
Agent, the Convertible Notes are secured by a perfected first priority security interest in all of our assets and are senior in
right of payment to all of our existing and future indebtedness, subject to Permitted Liens, as defined in the Convertible Notes.
With the exception of Permitted Liens, we have agreed that we will not grant a security interest in our assets so long as the
Convertible Notes remain outstanding and that we will not incur any new debt except for Permitted Indebtedness, as that term is
defined in the Convertible Notes.  

In
conjunction with the issuance of the Convertible Notes and the Warrants, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement pursuant
to which we agreed to file a registration statement covering the sum of (i) 200% of the maximum number of shares underlying the
Convertible Notes and (ii) the maximum number of shares underlying the Warrants (the  Registrable Securities ). We
have agreed to keep any registration statement we file pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement effective until the earlier
of (i) the date as of which the Investors may sell all of the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration. Statement without
restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor
thereto) or (ii) the date on which the Investors shall have sold all of the securities covered by such Registration Statement.  

We
were to use our reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within 90 days after the Effective
Date (the  Registration Statement Effective Date ). If we failed to register the Registrable Securities or the registration
statement is not declared effective by the SEC before the Registration Statement Effective Date, or if on any day after the Registration
Statement Effective Date, sales of the Registrable Securities required to be included on the Registration Statement cannot be
made (collectively, a  Registration Default ), we will pay to each Investor an amount in cash equal to 1% of the aggregate
Purchase Price (as that term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) of the Investor s Registrable Securities,
whether or not the Registrable Securities were included in the registration statement, and 1% per month (or a portion thereof
pro rata) that the Registration Default continues to exist. We are not required to make these payment if, when a Registration
Default occurs, the Investors can freely sell our common stock pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction or limitation. We filed
the registration statement within 90 days and therefore did not have to make any payments to the Investors.  

Investors
in the offering have the right to participate for no less than 35% of any future offering of our equity or equity equivalent securities
until the second anniversary of the Effective Date when the Convertible Notes were purchased.  

We
had agreed to keep at least $6.0 million of restricted cash on our balance sheet at all times until the Maturity Date or until
the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes is less than $6.0 million, at which time the amount of restricted cash
we are required to keep on our balance sheet will be adjusted downward, dollar for dollar. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the restricted cash was $0 and $4.1 million, respectively.  

As
additional security for repayment of the Convertible Notes, Uni-Pixel Displays, Inc. entered into to a Guarantee Agreement in
favor of the Investors.  

Cowen
and Company, LLC acted as our financial advisor in the acquisition of the assets and as our placement agent in the financing transaction.
We paid Cowen and Company, LLC approximately $1.7 million for these services.  

On
April 16, 2015, the Company determined that the Convertible Notes had a carrying amount of $3.1 million. The Company utilized
a binomial model in determining the fair market value of the Warrants of $6.0 million.  

Table of Contents    

The
Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between
the effective exercise price and the market price at the time of conversion of $6.0 million. The BCF was included in additional
paid in capital. As a result of the down-round protection on the warrants, they have been accounted for as a derivative liability
upon issuance and at December 31, 2015.  

At
inception, the Convertible Notes balance (in thousands) and unamortized discount in millions were as follows:  

As
of September 30, 2016, the Investors were issued an aggregate of 13,984,411 shares of common stock on the conversion of $11.6
million of principal and $0.3 million of interest As of September 30, 2016 the convertible note balances were $0.  

The
following table summarizes the charges to interest, amortization and other expense, net for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 (in thousands):  

Note
7   Agreements with Atmel Corporation and CIT Technology LTD.   

Atmel
Corporation Asset Acquisition and License Agreements   

On
April 16, 2015 (the  Effective Date ), Uni-Pixel Displays, Inc. ( Displays ) acquired from Atmel Corporation
( Atmel ), pursuant to the terms of a Purchase and Sale Agreement, a Patent License Agreement, an IP License Agreement,
a Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement and two leases for real property, certain assets used for the production
of capacitive touch sensors comprised of fine lines of copper metal photo lithographically patterned and plated on flexible plastic
film (the  Touch Sensors ). $450,000 was paid for the machinery, parts and equipment needed to manufacture the Touch
Sensors and the existing inventory on hand. Displays paid this amount with a secured promissory note due on or before the earlier
of (i) the second anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the sale of equity and/or debt securities after the Effective Date
pursuant to which Displays or any affiliate of our receives gross proceeds of no less than $5 million. Interest accrues on the
unpaid principal amount at a rate equal to 2% per annum compounded semi-annually and is to be paid in arrears semi-annually, commencing
with the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date. Displays has granted to Atmel a security interest in the purchased assets
and all accounts receivable subsequently arising from Display s manufacture and sale of Touch Sensors and all proceeds therefrom.
Pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, Displays assumed certain liabilities of Atmel, including open purchase and supply
orders, related to the Touch Sensor business. In April 2016, the $450,000 promissory note was fully repaid.  

Through
the Patent License Agreement, Atmel licensed to Displays a non-sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-bearing license under its Touch
Sensors patents to make or have made, use, offer for sale, sell, and import the Touch Sensors. In consideration for this license,
Displays agreed to pay an annual royalty fee during the initial five year term of the license (the  Initial Term )
of the greater of $3.25 million or 3.33% of the total net sales (as defined in the Patent License Agreement) of the Touch Sensors
during the Initial Term. Displays has the right to renew the license for a term of 10 years. If Displays exercises this right,
the annual royalty fee will consist of 2.5% of the total net sales of the Touch Sensors until it reaches a total of $16.75 million,
at which time no further annual royalty fees will be due. Upon execution of the Patent License Agreement, Displays paid a non-refundable,
non-returnable prepayment of minimum annual royalty fees of $9.33 million (the  Royalty Prepayment ). The Royalty
Prepayment will be applied to the annual royalty fees Displays owes under the Patent License Agreement. If, during the Initial
Term, Displays  cash balances as of the quarter end immediately prior to the date of the royalty period to which an unpaid
annual royalty relates is less than $30 million, it may pay the annual royalty fee with a secured promissory note. Atmel has agreed
that it will not enter into a license agreement for the licensed patents that is effective prior to the second anniversary of
the Effective Date.  

Through
the IP License Agreement, Atmel licensed to Displays a non-sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free license to the intellectual
property necessary to make or have made, use, offer for sale, sell, and import the Touch Sensors. The term of the IP License Agreement
is co-extensive with the term of the Patent License Agreement. Atmel has agreed that it will not enter into a license agreement
for the licensed intellectual property that is effective prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date.  

Table of Contents    

As
part of the business combination acquisition, Displays also entered into leases with Atmel Corporation for Building 2 and Building
4, both of which are located at 1150 E. Cheyenne Mountain Boulevard, Colorado Springs, Colorado. The term of each lease is 18
months (the  Primary Lease Term ). The term of each lease may be extended for two additional six month periods. During
the Primary Lease Term, the initial base rent for each of Building 2 and Building 4 will be $100 per month. During the first renewal
term, the monthly base rent for Building 2 will be $5,625 and during the second renewal term the monthly base rent will be $8,437.
During the first renewal term, the monthly base rent for Building 4 will be $39,375 and during the second renewal term the monthly
base rent will be $59,062. Aside from the base rent, Displays is responsible for the payment of its share of operating expenses
attributable to the buildings, real estate taxes attributable to the buildings, sales and personal property taxes, utilities and
additional services provided by Atmel (as defined in the leases). The Company extended the lease until April 15, 2017.  

Transition
Services Agreement   

In
conjunction with the above-described transaction, Displays and Atmel entered into a Transition Services Agreement. Pursuant to
the Transition Services Agreement, Atmel agreed to provide the following services for the periods described: (i) quality assurance
and failure analysis services for the XTouch Touch Sensors for a period of six months starting from the Effective Date, (ii) operations
services for a period of 30 days starting from the Effective Date and (iii) other services, as those are defined in the Transition
Services Agreement, for a period of three months starting from the Effective Date. In exchange for the services, Displays has
agreed to pay reasonable and documented direct costs incurred by Atmel in performing the services together with actual out-of-pocket
third-party expenses reasonably incurred by Atmel in providing the services. The service fees include, but are not limited to,
(a) the actual out-of-pocket employment costs (base salary, payroll taxes and out-of-pocket medical benefits) for the individuals
performing the services (based on the actual time expended by such individuals in performing the services), (b) costs of materials,
(c) the actual out-of-pocket third-party expenses reasonably incurred by Atmel in providing the services, and (d) direct supervisory
and management expenses incurred by Atmel in providing the services. On the Effective Date, we paid $0.4 million to Atmel and
was applied against certain designated services. The transition services have been completed.  

CIT
Technology Ltd. License Agreements and Manufacturing and Technology Transfer Agreement   

On
the Effective Date Displays entered into an FLT (Fine Line Technology) Patent License Agreement (the  CIT Patent License
Agreement ), an FLT (Fine Line Technology) Intellectual Property License Agreement (the  CIT IP License Agreement )
and a Manufacturing and Technology Transfer Agreement (the  Manufacturing Agreement ) with CIT Technology Ltd. ( CIT ).  

Through
the CIT Patent License Agreement, CIT licensed to Displays a non-sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-bearing license under its fine
line technology ( FLT ) patents to make or have made, use, offer for sale, sell, and import licensed FLT products
(the  Licensed Products ), which are defined as capacitive touch sensors comprising fine lines of copper metal printed
on flexible plastic film. In consideration for this license, Displays agreed to pay an annual royalty fee during the initial five
year term of the license (the  Initial License Term ) of the greater of $1.65 million or 1.67% of the total net sales
(as defined in the CIT Patent License Agreement) of the Licensed Products during the Initial License Term. Displays has the right
to renew the license for a term of 10 years. If Displays exercises this right, the annual royalty fee will consist of 1.67% of
the total net sales of the Licensed Products until it reaches a total of $8.25 million, at which time no further annual royalty
fees will be due. Further, the total royalty fees payable for the initial 5 year term and the subsequent 10 year term is capped
at $30 million. Upon execution of the CIT Patent License Agreement, Displays paid a non-refundable, non-returnable prepayment
of minimum annual royalty fees of $4.67 million (the  CIT Royalty Prepayment ). The CIT Royalty Prepayment will be
applied to the annual royalty fees Displays owes under the CIT Patent License Agreement. If, during the Initial License Term,
Displays  cash balances as of the quarter end immediately prior to the date of the royalty period to which an unpaid annual
royalty relates is less than $30 million, Displays may pay the annual royalty fee with a secured promissory note. CIT has agreed
that it will not enter into a license agreement for the licensed patents as they relate to the Licensed Products that is effective
prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date.  

Through
the CIT IP License Agreement, CIT licensed to Displays a non-sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free license to the intellectual
property necessary to make or have made, use, offer for sale, sell, and import the Licensed Products. The term of the CIT IP License
Agreement is co-extensive with the term of the CIT Patent License Agreement. CIT has agreed that it will not enter into a license
agreement for the licensed intellectual property as it relates to the Licensed Products that is effective prior to the second
anniversary of the Effective Date.  

The
Manufacturing Agreement had a term of six months, where Displays agreed that for a period of 16 consecutive weeks it will order,
on a weekly basis, 11,500 linear meters of coated film manufactured by CIT at a cost of $7.90 per linear meter. The agreement
had been completed and the process was transferred to the Colorado Springs facility in fiscal year 2015.  

Table of Contents    

The
following unaudited pro-forma financial information presents the Company s condensed financial results (in thousands) for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as if the acquisitions had occurred as of January 1, 2015:  

These
pro-forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations
that actually would have resulted had the acquisitions been effective at the beginning of 2015 and are not necessarily representative
of future results. The pro-forma results include the following adjustments:  

Note
8   Loss on Discontinued Operations   

On
April 22, 2015 Displays exercised its right to terminate the Manufacturing Facility Installation and Supply Agreement dated April
15, 2013 (the  Supply Agreement ), which was entered into by Displays and Eastman Kodak Company ( Kodak ).  

Displays
did not renew that certain Joint Development Agreement dated February 5, 2013, also with Kodak, which was related to flexible
patterned conductive films.  

In
connection with the discontinued operations, the Company took a $7.6 million write down on equipment in the second quarter of
2015.  

Note
9   Fair Value Measurements   

Liabilities
measured at fair value (in thousands) on a recurring basis are summarized as follows:  

As
described further in Note 6, the derivative liability is related to warrants to purchase 1,189,492 shares of common stock issued
by the Company in connection with our Convertible Note, which included a down-round protection on the warrants. These warrants
were not issued with the intent of effectively hedging any future cash flow, fair value of any asset, liability or any net investment
in a foreign operation. The fair value of these warrants were $6.0 million at inception. The Company recognized $0.9 million of
other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, resulting
from the increase in the fair value of the derivative liability at September 30, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015. The derivative
liability will continue to be measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings, until the warrants are
exercised, expire or are otherwise extinguished.  

Note
10   Revenue and Credit Concentrations   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, revenues (in thousands) by customers with more than 10% of revenue were as
follows:  

Table of Contents    

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 customers with more than 10% of accounts receivables balances (in thousands) were
as follows:  

Note
11   Subsequent Event   

On
October 24, 2016, the Company entered into a $2.5 million two year loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank. The
agreement allows the Company to borrow up to 90% of its gross eligible trade receivables at an interest rate of prime plus 1.25%.
The line is secured by all the assets of the Company, including intellectual property.  

Table of Contents    

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

Forward
Looking Statements   

This
report, including the documents that we incorporate by reference, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).  

Forward-looking
statements in or incorporated by reference in this report include, without limitation, statements related to our plans, strategies,
objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, the possibility that we will be unable to successfully combine the XTouch business
and operations with our business and operations, the development of technologies superior to our technologies, the loss of key
customers of the XTouch products, our inability to achieve cost savings following the acquisition of the XTouch business, the
imposition of unanticipated liabilities as a result of the acquisition of the XTouch business, the rate and degree of market acceptance
of our products, our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products, our ability to obtain financing as and when we need
it, competition from existing and new products and our ability to effectively react to other risks and uncertainties described
from time to time in our SEC filings, such as fluctuation of quarterly financial results, reliance on third party manufacturers
and suppliers, litigation or other proceedings, government regulation and stock price volatility.  

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   should, 
 could,   expects,   plans,   intends,   anticipates,   believes, 
 estimates,   predicts,   potential,  or  continue   or the negative of
such terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements
are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date such statements are made. We do not
undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement.  

Recent
Acquisition, Financing and Change in Business Strategy   

On
April 16, 2015 we acquired certain assets and licenses related to the manufacture of XTouch touch sensors from Atmel Corporation
and CIT Technology Ltd. and we closed a private offering consisting of $15 million in principal amount of our Senior Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes (the  Notes ) together with warrants. A more complete discussion of these transactions is included
in Note 7 to our financial statements, which are included at Item 1 of Part I of this report, and in the Current Report on Form
8-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2015.  

On
April 22, 2015 we terminated the Manufacturing Facility Installation and Supply Agreement dated April 15, 2013 which was entered
into by our wholly owned subsidiary, Uni-Pixel Displays, Inc., and Eastman Kodak Company. A more complete discussion of this matter
is included in Note 8 to our financial statements, which are included at Item 1 of Part I of this report, and in the Current Report
on Form 8-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2015.  

Our
decision to change the focus of our business from developing and manufacturing InTouch sensors to manufacturing and selling XTouch
touch sensors was based on, among other things, the pressure of declining prices and margin compression in the touch sensor market.
We believe that our acquistion of the XTouch technology will provide us with a stand-alone, go-to-market strategy that we expect
to provide a better economic model and lead to a scalable business in a more rapid time frame.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

In
preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
and pursuant to the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that can have a
significant impact on our net income/(loss) and affect the reported amounts of certain assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses,
and related disclosures. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that
we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. On a regular basis, we evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates. We also discuss our critical
accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.  

We
believe that the assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for revenue recognition, income taxes, and long-lived
assets, have the greatest impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting
policies. Historically, our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to our critical accounting policies have not differed
materially from actual results.  

Table of Contents    

There
have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in   Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   included in our 2015 Form 10-K.  

Derivative
liabilities:  The Company, in accordance with ASC 815-40-25 and ASC 815-10-15 Derivatives and Hedging and ASC 480-10-25 Liabilities-Distinguishing
from Equity, convertible preferred shares are accounted for net, outside of shareholder s equity and warrants are accounted
for as liabilities at their fair value during periods where the full ratchet anti-dilution provision is in effect.  

The
warrants are accounted for a liability at their fair value at each reporting period. The value of the derivative warrant liability
will be re-measured at each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded as earnings. To derive an estimate of the fair
value of these warrants, a binomial model is utilized that computes the impact of share dilution upon the exercise of the warrant
shares. This process relies upon inputs such as shares outstanding, estimated stock prices, strike price and volatility assumptions
to dynamically adjust the payoff of the warrants in the presence of the dilution effect.  

Revenue
Recognition:  The Company sells its products to original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and distributors and
recognizes revenue when the rights and risks of ownership have passed to the customer, when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, the product has been delivered, the price is fixed or determinable, and collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably
assured. Allowances for sales returns and other credits are recorded at the time of sale.  

Contracts
and customer purchase orders are used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents are used to verify delivery.
The Company assesses whether the price is fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the transaction and
whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. The Company assesses collectability based primarily on the creditworthiness
of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as the customer s payment history. Sales terms do not
include post-shipment obligations except for product warranty.  

Advance
payments are deferred until shipment of product has occurred or the service has been rendered.  

Revenue
from licenses and other up-front fees are recognized on a ratable basis over the term of the respective agreement.  

Revenue
on certain fixed price contracts where we provide research and development services is recognized over the contract term based
on achievement of milestones. When the contracts provide for milestone or other interim payments, the Company will recognize revenue
under the milestone method. The milestone method requires the Company to designate all milestone payments within each contract
as either substantive or non-substantive. That conclusion is determined based upon a thorough review of each contract and the
deliverables to be made by the Company pursuant to each contract. For substantive milestones, the Company concludes that upon
achievement of each milestone, the amount of the corresponding defined payments is commensurate with the effort required to achieve
such milestone or the value of the delivered item. The payment associated with each milestone relates solely to past performance
and is deemed reasonable upon consideration of the deliverables and the payment terms within the contract. For non-substantive
milestones, including advance payments, the recognition of such payments is pro-rated to the substantive milestones.  

In
April 2013, we entered into an agreement with Intel (the  Capacity License Agreement ), whereby we were to receive
$10 million of cash proceeds to assist us in increasing our production capacity. Under the terms of the Capacity License Agreement,
there were two milestones with related contingent consideration of $5 million for each milestone plus certain commissions as described
below. The Capacity License Agreement required us to purchase certain equipment, which we purchased in 2013 and which we considered
not a substantive milestone. The Capacity License Agreement required us to have the capability to produce at least 1 million sensor
units per month (as defined in the Capacity License Agreement) by April 2014, which we considered a substantive milestone. We
received $5 million in May 2013, which was non-refundable. Upon achieving the deliverables of the Capacity License Agreement,
we would have paid a commission to Intel of 10% on revenue derived from the sales of InTouch  Sensors made directly to Intel
or to those of Intel s manufacturing partners that use Intel s Preferred Price and Capacity License Agreement ( Designated
Customers ). The commission amount was to be paid until the aggregate commissions paid equaled the commission cap of $18.5
million. The term of the Capacity License Agreement is the later of 3 years or the full payment of the commission cap. If the
Company committed a material breach of the license agreement, certain equipment of the Company with an original cost of approximately
$10.1 million would be assigned to Intel to make Intel whole on any remaining amounts due under the commission cap of $18.5 million.  

In
April 2014, we entered into the Amended Capacity License Agreement with Intel (the  Amended Capacity License Agreement ).
The Amended Capacity License Agreement modified the original Capacity License Agreement terms as follows: 1) the inability of
the Company to reach, by April 2014, the minimum production capability and the required quality standards specified in the Capacity
License Agreement will no longer constitute a material breach to the Capacity License Agreement; 2) the total amount of cash proceeds
to be received was reduced from $10 million to $5 million, which included the $5 million we received in May 2013; 3) the cap on
the commission amount was reduced from $18.5 million to $6.25 million; 4) the term  commission  is defined as 10%
of gross revenue from the sale of all sensors sold by the Company, which includes sales of sensors to all customers including,
but not limited to, Intel and its Designated Customers; 5) if the Company becomes the subject of any proceeding under any bankruptcy,
insolvency or liquidation law, the Company will assign all title and ownership to certain designated equipment (the  Equipment )
to Intel; and 6) if the Company materially breaches the Amended Capacity License Agreement, which breach is not cured within 30
days after receipt of notice from Intel, the Company may choose to either (A) pre-pay the cap on the commission to Intel (less
the total of all previously paid commissions) or (B) assign all title and ownership to the Equipment to Intel.  

Table of Contents    

As
the Company has discontinued its joint development activities with Kodak to develop, manufacture and market touch sensors based
on the InTouch technology (Note 8), the Company is currently in discussions with Intel regarding the Capacity License Agreement.  

Cost
of Revenues, Selling, General and Administrative Expenses and Research and Development Expenses:  The primary purpose of our
facilities in Colorado Spring, Colorado and The Woodlands, Texas is for manufacturing, to conduct research on the development,
testing and delivery of our prototype devices, and to pursue the commercialization of our products.  

If,
in the future, the purposes for which we operate our facilities in Colorado Springs, Colorado and in The Woodlands, Texas, or
any new facilities we open, changes, the allocation of the costs incurred in operating that facility between cost of sales and
research and development expenses could change to reflect such operational changes.  

Research
and Development Expenses:  Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and include salaries and benefits, costs
paid to third-party contractors for research, development and manufacturing of materials and devices, and a portion of facilities
cost. Prototype development costs are a significant component of research and development expenses and include costs associated
with third-party contractors. Invoicing from third-party contractors for services performed can lag several months. We accrue
the costs of services rendered in connection with third-party contractor activities based on our estimate of management fees,
site management and monitoring costs and data management costs. Actual costs may differ in some cases from estimated costs and
are adjusted for in the period in which they become known.  

Stock-Based
Compensation:  We measure stock-based compensation expense for all share-based awards on the estimated fair value of those
awards at grant-date. The fair values of stock option awards are estimated using a Black-Scholes valuation model. The compensation
costs are recognized net of any estimated forfeitures on a straight-line basis over either the employee s requisite service
period, or other such vesting requirements as are stipulated in the stock option award agreements. No compensation cost is recognized
for equity instruments for which employees do not render the requisite service. Forfeiture rates are estimated at grant date based
on historical experience and adjusted in subsequent periods for any differences in actual forfeitures from those estimates.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

See
Note 2 of our accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements
and our expectation of their impact, if any, on our results of operations and financial condition.  

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS   

Comparison
of the nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015   

REVENUES.
Revenues were $2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $2.9 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were mainly comprised of sales of XTouch sensors.  

COST
OF REVENUES. Cost of revenues include all direct expenses associated with the delivery of services and costs of manufacturing
including internal labor costs and materials. Cost of revenues was $11.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and $8.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We recorded cost of revenue expenses for the full nine months in
2016 compared to only six months in 2015 as we did not begin to ship products until the second quarter of 2015.  

SELLING,
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 33% or approximately $2.8 million,
to $5.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $8.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
major changes to selling, general and administrative expenses are as follows:  

a)
Salaries and benefits decreased by approximately $0.2 million to $2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to the following: a decrease in severance to approximately $8,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015; a decrease
in stock compensation expense to $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.5 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015; and an increase in restricted stock expense to $1.0 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015;  

b)
Legal expense decreased by approximately $0.1 million to $0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015;  

c)
Contractor expense increased by approximately $0.1 million to $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015;  

Table of Contents    

d)
Travel and office expense increased by approximately $0.3 million to $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased travel visiting potential customers;  

e)
Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by approximately $3.0 million to $0.2 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $3.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT. Research and development expenses decreased by approximately $0.6 million, or 11%, during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 to $5.1 million from $5.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The major changes to research
and development expenses are as follows:  

a)
Salaries and benefits attributable to research and development decreased by approximately $1.3 million to $1.6 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to the
following: a decrease in salaries to $1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.5 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015; a decrease in severance to $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.1
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015; a decrease in stock compensation expense to $0.2 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015; and a decrease in restricted stock
expense to approximately $15,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.2 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015;  

b)
License amortization expense attributable to research and development increased by approximately $0.5 million to $0.5 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 related to the patents
acquired from Atmel Corporation;  

c)
Mask expense increased by approximately $0.6 million to $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 related to the new product introduction programs;  

c)
Research and development manufacturing labor expense increased by approximately $0.4 million to $0.4 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015;  

d)
Lab and material expense decreased by approximately $0.9 million to $1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015;  

b)
Consulting expense attributable to research and development increased by approximately $0.2 million to $0.4 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015; and  

d)
Travel expense decreased by approximately $0.1 million to $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to offsite management of research and development activities.  

OTHER
INCOME (EXPENSE), NET.  

Debt
issuance expense decreased from $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $0.5 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, primarily due to the offering of the Notes completed in April 2015 and the decreased balance of debt outstanding.  

Gain
or loss on change in warrant liability decreased from a $5.0 million gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately
$0.9 million loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, due to the offering of the Notes completed in April 2015 and the
decrease in stock price in 2015 and increase in stock price in 2016.  

Accretion
on convertible notes expense decreased from $7.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately $1.3 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the offering of the Notes completed in April 2015.  

Interest
expense, net, decreased to approximately $12,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to expense of $0.4 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to the interest expense associated with the offering of the Notes
completed in April 2015.  

NET
LOSS. Net loss from continuing operations was $22.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to a net
loss from continuing operations of $22.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Loss on discontinued operations
was $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to a loss on discontinued operations of $8.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net loss was $22.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to
a net loss of $31.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Table of Contents    

Comparison
of the three months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015   

REVENUES.
Revenues were $0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1.5 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were mainly comprised of sales of XTouch sensors.  

COST
OF REVENUES. Cost of revenues include all direct expenses associated with the delivery of services and costs of manufacturing
including internal labor costs and materials. Cost of revenues were $3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and $4.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The major changes to cost of revenues are as follows:  

a)
Materials and chemicals decreased by approximately $0.5 million to $0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015;  

b)
Warranty expense decreased by approximately $0.4 million to approximately $48,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015;  

c)
Facility expense decreased by approximately $0.2 million to $0.3 million for the three months September 30, 2016 compared to $0.5
million for the three months ended September 30, 2015;  

d)
Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by approximately $0.3 million to $0.9 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015;  

SELLING,
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 12% or approximately $0.2 million,
to $1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
The major changes to selling, general and administrative expenses are as follows:  

a)
Legal expense increased by approximately $0.2 million to $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
approximately $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015;  

b)
Travel expense expense increased by approximately $64,000 to approximately $128,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to approximately $64,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased travel visiting existing
and potential customers;  

c)
Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by approximately $41,000 to approximately $55,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT. Research and development expenses increased by approximately $1.6 million, or 107%, during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 to $3.1 million from $1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The major changes to research
and development expenses are as follows:  

a)
Salaries and benefits attributable to research and development decreased by approximately $0.2 million to $0.6 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to
the following: a decreased in stock compensation expense to approximately $43,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015;  

b)
Lab expense increased by approximately $0.2 million to $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015;  

c)
Research and development manufacturing labor expense increased by approximately $0.4 million to $0.4 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2015;  

d)
License amortization expense increased by approximately $0.5 million to $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2015; and  

e)
Mask expense increased by approximately $0.6 to $0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 for
the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

OTHER
INCOME (EXPENSE), NET.  

Debt
issuance expense decreased to $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 compared to $0.5 for the three months ended September
30, 2015 due to the offering of Notes completed in April 2015.  

Gain
or loss on change in warrant liability decreased from a gain of $1.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to a loss of
approximately $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to the offering of the Notes completed
in April 2015 and the decrease in stock price in 2015 and increase in stock price in 2016.  

Table of Contents    

Accretion
on convertible notes expense decreased from $4.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately $0 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 due to the offering of the Notes completed in April 2015 being fully repaid during 2016.  

Interest
expense, net, decreased to an expense of approximately $3,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared from an
expense of $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to the decreased interest expense associated
with the offering of Notes completed in April 2015.  

NET
LOSS. Net loss was $7.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to a net loss from continuing operations
of $10.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Transactions   

We
do not engage in material off-balance sheet transactions.  

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

We
have historically financed our operations primarily through the issuance of equity and debt securities and by relying on other
commercial financing. Until our products begin to earn enough revenue to support our operations, which may never happen, we will
continue to be highly dependent on financing from third parties, including through further offerings of our debt and equity securities.
On April 16, 2015, we sold $15 million in principal amount of our Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes. As of September
30, 2016 the Notes have been fully repaid. On November 30, 2015, we sold 9,625,871 shares for net proceeds of approximately $7.2
million. On June 2, 2016, we sold 6,152,500 shares for net proceeds of approximately $8.4 million. In addition, we received cash
proceeds of $2.4 million in connection with warrant exercises in the first half of 2016, and as we have approximately 9.5 million
warrants outstanding, it is possible that additional cash proceeds could be received as a result of the exercise of such warrants.
We expect the proceeds from the sale of our common stock, together with our cash on hand, to support our operations through December
31, 2016. Furthermore, as noted above in Note 11   Subsequent Events to our financial statements on October 24, 2016, we
entered into a two year $2.5 million loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank where we can borrow up to 90% of eligible
accounts receivable at an interest rate of prime plus 1.25%. Based on the proceeds raised from the sale of our common stock, potential
borrowing on our loan agreement, possible warrant exercises and our cash on hand, we expect to support our operations over the
next 12 months.  

Operating
Activities   

Cash
used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $12.9 million as compared to cash used in operating
activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $13.7 million. Cash used in operating activities are primarily due
to net loss in operations.  

Investing
Activities   

Cash
used for investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.3 million as compared to $14.6 million of
cash used for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The use of cash for investing activities during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was related to purchases of equipment. The use of cash for investing activities during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 was primarily attributable to the purchase of prepaid licenses.  

Investing
Activities   

Historically,
we have financed our operating and investing activities primarily from the proceeds of private placements and public offerings
of common stock, convertible investor notes, and a preferred stock offering. However, in 2015 the Company began recording revenue
from shipments and expects this to continue in the future.  

The
total net cash provided by financing activities was $12.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which was comprised
of proceeds from issuance of common stock of $8.4 million, $2.4 million from the exercise of warrants, $4.1 million of release
of restricted cash offset by $2.9 million of payments on notes payable.  

The
total net cash provided by financing activities was $6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which was comprised
of increase of $6.0 million in cash restricted for note payable, $0.1 million of net proceeds from the exercise of stock options
and $13.2 million in net proceeds from the issuance of a convertible note, less debt issuance costs offset by $0.5 million of
payments on notes payable.  

Table of Contents    

Working
Capital   

We
have historically financed our operations primarily through the issuance of equity and debt securities and by relying on other
commercial financing. Until our products begin to earn enough revenue to support our operations, which may never happen, we will
continue to be highly dependent on financing from third parties. In the second quarter of 2016, we received $2.4 million from
exercise of warrants. On June 2, 2016, we sold 6,152,500 shares for net proceeds of approximately $8.4 million. We expect the
proceeds from the exercise of warrants, proceeds from our sale of shares and our revenue shipments, together with our cash on
hand, and potential borrowings under our loan agreement to support our operations over the next 12 months.  

As
of September 30, 2016, we had a cash balance of approximately $6.5 million and working capital of $8.5 million.  

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.    

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.    

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

As
of September 30, 2016, management, including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer
(principal financial and accounting officer), performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based
on their evaluation, management concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms.  

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

We
maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting that is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Based on the most recent evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer have determined that no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred
during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably like to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.  

Table of Contents    

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

Securities
and Exchange Commission Complaint against former Officers of the Company   

On
November 19, 2013, the Company learned that the Fort Worth Regional Office of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) issued subpoenas concerning the Company s agreements related to our InTouch  Sensors. The Company
cooperated fully with the SEC regarding this non-public, fact-finding inquiry, which resulted in a complaint filed by the SEC
on March 9, 2016 naming the Company and two of the Company s former executive officers as defendants. The U.S. District
Court for the Southern District of Texas on March 16, 2016 signed a final judgment, providing for, among other things, a civil
penalty in the amount of $750,000 on this complaint pursuant to our consent (the  Final Judgment ), which the Company
gave without admitting or denying the allegations of the SEC s complaint.  

The
allegations of the SEC in this complaint against the two former executive officers, Reed Killion and Jeffrey Tomz, who were respectively
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company during the relevant periods of time at issue in the SEC s
complaint, include that they made more than $2 million in personal profits from selling their own shares of the Company s
common stock following disclosures regarding the Company s agreement related to our InTouch  Sensors. The Company s
Amended and Restated Bylaws contain provisions regarding indemnification and advancement of expenses actually and reasonably incurred
by the Company s officers in connection with civil, criminal, administrative or investigative matters provided that such
officers acted in good faith and in a manner such officers reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reason or cause to believe such officer s conduct
was unlawful. The advancement of expenses is expressly conditioned upon receipt of an undertaking by the officer to repay all
such amounts so advanced in the event that it shall ultimately be determined that the officer is not entitled to be indemnified
by the Company.  

Complaint
by former Officers of the Company for Advancement of Expenses   

The
Company, or its insurance company, has paid as agreed all invoices for all years through the end of 2015 for the defense of Messrs.
Killion and Tomz in the investigation by the SEC that resulted in the filing of the complaint against them by the SEC. A portion
of payments for 2016 invoices have has also been made, but the Company has disputed other 2016 invoices totaling approximately
$265,000 as containing expenses that have not been reasonably incurred by Messrs. Killion and Tomz in defense of the SEC s
complaint. Through the course of 2016, the Company has been in discussions with counsel to Messrs. Killion and Tomz of resolving
counsels  charges on these invoices. Notwithstanding those discussions, on August 22, 2016, Messrs. Killion and Tomz filed
an action against the Company for advancement of expenses in the Delaware Chancery Court. The Company has contested the claims
made by Messrs. Killion and Tomz that it has not advanced expenses reasonably incurred by them in the underlying action brought
by the SEC. In October 2016, the Chancery Court appointed a former Vice Chancellor of the Delaware Chancery Court to act as a
Special Master to determine whether expenses are reasonably incurred to the extent that the Company and Messrs. Killion and Tomz
are not capable to resolve the dispute concerning whether expenses have been reasonably incurred without the assistance of the
judicial process.  

Intel
Corporation   

The
Company s Capacity License Agreement with Intel, as amended by the Amended Capacity License Agreement, provided for a payment
of a commission to Intel of ten percent of gross revenue from the sale InTouch  Sensors jointly developed by the Company
and Kodak. In March 2016, Intel requested that the Company refund over time the $5 million paid to the Company in May 2013 pursuant
to the terms of the Capacity License Agreement. The Company declined to refund the money as the payment was not refundable under
the Amended Capacity License Agreement or otherwise due to Intel. The agreement with Intel pertained to a technology that the
Company abandoned when it terminated its joint development agreement with Kodak in 2015. Intel requested that the refund be accomplished
by the Company paying Intel commissions on XTouch sensor revenue until the $5 million was refunded. The Company responded that
no commissions are owed under the Amended Capacity License Agreement because it is not selling the abandoned InTouch  Sensors
or otherwise using the technology covered by the Amended Capacity License Agreement in its current products. The only products
the Company has recognized revenue on are based on the XTouch sensor technology acquired from Atmel Corporation and CIT Technology
Ltd. in April 2015. No litigation or other legal proceeding has commenced on Intel s request. The Company is engaged in
discussions with Intel regarding formulation of a mutually agreeable commercial relationship. While it is not possible to predict
the outcome of these discussions with certainty at the present time, if the Company is unable to reach an acceptable commercial
relationship, it intends to vigorously contest any claim that Intel might make.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS    

We
incorporate herein by reference the risk factors included in the 2015 Form 10-K, which we filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on March 30, 2016. The following are risks set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K which are reiterated and updated
below as well as certain new risks related to our business.  

Table of Contents    

Expansion
into new markets may increase the complexity of our business, cause us to increase our research and development expenses to develop
new products and technologies or cause our capital expenditures to increase, and if we are unable to successfully adapt our business
processes and product offerings as required by these new markets, our ability to grow will be adversely affected.    

As
we expand our product lines to sell into new markets, such as automotive, the overall complexity of our business may increase
at an accelerated rate and we may become subject to different market dynamics. These dynamics may include, among other things,
different demand volume, seasonality, product requirements, sales channels, and warranty and return policies. In addition, expansion
into other markets may result in increases in research and development expenses and substantial investments in manufacturing capability
or technology enhancements. If we fail to successfully expand into new markets with products that we do not currently offer, we
may lose business to our competitors or new entrants who offer these products.  

If
we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced solutions on a timely basis, our ability to attract and retain customers could
be impaired, and our revenues and competitive position may be harmed.    

The
markets for our products are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions, changes in customer
requirements and evolving industry standards, all with an underlying pressure to reduce cost and meet stringent reliability and
qualification requirements. In order to compete effectively, we must continually introduce new products or enhance existing products
and accurately anticipate customer requirements for new and upgraded products. The introduction of new products by our competitors,
the market acceptance of solutions based on new or alternative technologies, or the emergence of new industry standards could
render our existing or future solutions obsolete. Our failure to anticipate or timely develop new or enhanced solutions or technologies
in response to technological shifts or changes in customer requirements could result in decreased revenues and an increase in
design wins by our competitors.  

New
product development or the enhancement of existing products is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. We may experience
difficulties with solution design, manufacturing or otherwise that could delay or prevent the introduction of new or enhanced
solutions. Alternatively, even if technical engineering hurdles can be overcome, we must successfully anticipate customer requirements
regarding features and performance, the new or enhanced products must be competitively priced, and they must become available
during the window of time when customers are ready to purchase our solutions.  

Even
after new or enhanced products are developed, we must be able to successfully bring them to market. The success of new product
introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, timely and successful product development, market
acceptance, our ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues, the effective management of
purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate
quantities and costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early
stages of introduction. Ramping of production capacity also entails risks of delays which can limit our ability to realize the
full benefit of new product introduction. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify, develop, manufacture, market
or support new or enhanced products successfully, if at all, or on a timely basis. Accordingly, we cannot determine in advance
the ultimate effect of new product introductions and transitions, and any failure to manage new product introduction risks could
adversely affect our revenues and therefore our business.  

We
are a company with a limited operating history, our future profitability is uncertain and we anticipate future losses and negative
cash flow, which may limit or delay our ability to become profitable.    

We
are a company with a limited operating history and little revenues to date. We may never be able to produce material revenues
or operate on a profitable basis. As a result, we have incurred losses since our inception and expect to experience operating
losses and negative cash flow for the foreseeable future. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated total deficit of $171.3
million.  

We
anticipate our losses will continue to increase from current levels because we expect to incur additional costs and expenses related
to prototype development, consulting costs, laboratory development costs, marketing and other promotional activities, the addition
of engineering and manufacturing personnel, and the continued development of relationships with strategic business partners. Moreover,
planned products based upon our Performance Engineered Film  technology may never become commercially viable and thus may
never generate any revenues. Even if we find commercially viable applications for our Performance Engineered Film  technology
and materials, we may never recover our research and development expenses.  

We
have had a history of losses and may require additional capital to fund our operations, which capital may not be available on
commercially attractive terms or at all.    

We
have experienced substantial net losses in each fiscal period since our inception. These net losses resulted from a lack of substantial
revenues and the significant costs incurred in the development and acceptance of our technology. We may in the future require
sources of capital in addition to cash on hand to continue operations and to implement our business plan. We project that we have
sufficient liquid assets to continue operating for at least the next twelve months. However, if our operations do not become cash
flow positive, we may be forced to seek credit line facilities from financial institutions, equity investments, or debt arrangements.
No assurances can be given that we will be successful in obtaining such additional financing on reasonable terms, or at all. If
adequate funds are not available when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to adequately fund our business
plan, which could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.  

Table of Contents    

Restrictive
covenants under our credit facility with Western Alliance Bank may adversely affect our operations.    

If
we utilize our loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank, it contains a number of restrictive covenants that will
impose significant operating and financial restrictions on our ability to, without prior written consent from Western Alliance
Bank:  

Convey,
    sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of or permit any of the Company or its subsidiaries to transfer, all or any part
    of any of their business or property, other than: (i) transfers of inventory in the ordinary course of business; (ii) transfers
    of non-exclusive licenses and similar arrangements for the use of the property of the Company or its subsidiaries in the ordinary
    course of business; or (iii) transfers of worn-out or obsolete equipment which was not financed by Western Alliance Bank;   

Merge
    or consolidate, or permit any of the Company or its subsidiaries to merge or consolidate, with or into any other business
    organization, or acquire, or permit any of their subsidiaries to acquire, all or substantially all of the capital stock or
    property of another person or suffer or permit a change in control;   

Create,
    incur, assume or be or remain liable with respect to any indebtedness, or permit any of their subsidiaries so to do, other
    than indebtedness permitted under the loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank;   

Create,
    incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien with respect to any of the property of either of them (including without limitation,
    their intellectual property), other than liens permitted under the loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank;   

Pay
    any dividends or make any other distribution or payment on account of or in redemption, retirement or purchase of any capital
    stock, or permit any of their subsidiaries to do so other than as permitted under the loan and security agreement with Western
    Alliance Bank;   

Directly
    or indirectly acquire or own, or make any investment in or to any person, or permit any of their subsidiaries so to do, other
    than investments permitted under the loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank;    

Make
    or contract to make, without Western Alliance Bank s prior written consent, capital expenditures (including leasehold
    improvements) or incur liability for rentals of property (including both real and personal property) in an aggregate amount
    in any fiscal year in excess of $500,000; and   

Make
    any material changes to the Company s organizational structure or identity.   

We
have a significant number of outstanding warrants and options, and future sales of the underlying shares of common stock could
adversely affect the market price of our common stock.    

As
of September 30, 2016, we had outstanding warrants and options exercisable for an aggregate of 11,675,251 shares of common stock
at a weighted average exercise price of $2.31 per share. Upon exercise of these warrants or options, we would issue additional
shares of our stock. As a result, our current stockholders as a group would own a substantially smaller interest in us and may
have less influence on our management and policies than they now have. Furthermore, the holders may sell these shares in the public
markets from time to time, without limitations on the timing, amount or method of sale. As our stock price rises, the holders
may exercise more of their warrants and options and sell a large number of shares. This could cause the market price of our common
stock to decline.  

In
addition, warrants covering 9,625,871 shares which were issued in November 2015 have an exercise price of $1.50 per share and
have a term of five years from the date of issuance. In the second quarter of 2016, 1,595,000 warrants were exercised and as of
September 30, 2016, 8,030,871 of such warrants are still outstanding. The exercise price of the warrants and the number of shares
for which the warrants are exercisable are subject to certain adjustments if we issue or sell additional shares of common stock
or common stock equivalents at a price per share less than the exercise price then in effect, or without consideration. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, there will be no adjustment to the exercise price of these warrants or number of warrant shares issuable upon exercise
in connection with the issuance of common stock upon Board of Director-approved employee benefit plans or upon the conversion,
exercise or payment of certain outstanding, excluded securities.  

We
may be required to raise additional financing by issuing new securities with terms or rights superior to those of our existing
stockholders, which could adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock and our business.    

We
may require additional financing to fund future operations, including expansion in current and new markets, development and acquisition,
capital costs and the costs of any necessary implementation of technological innovations or alternative technologies. We may not
be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, if at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, the percentage
ownership of our current stockholders will be reduced, and the holders of the new equity securities may have rights superior to
those of the holders of shares of common stock, which could adversely affect the market price and the voting power of shares of
our common stock. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, the holders of these debt securities would similarly
have some rights senior to those of the holders of shares of common stock, and the terms of these debt securities could impose
restrictions on operations and create a significant interest expense for us which could have a materially adverse effect on our
business.  

Table of Contents    

The
market price of our common stock has been volatile, and the value of stockholders  investments could decline significantly.    

The
trading price for our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile. The price at which our common stock trades depends
upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include our historical and anticipated operating
results, our financial situation, announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors, customer
and vendor relationships, our ability or inability to raise the additional capital we may need and the terms on which we raise
it, changes in earnings estimates by analysts and general market and economic conditions. Further, broad market fluctuations may
lower the market price of our common stock and affect our trading volume.  

We
may not be able to successfully integrate the production of the XTouch Touch Sensors into our ongoing business operations, which
may result in our inability to fully realize the intended benefits of the asset acquisition and license transactions, or may disrupt
our current operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and/or results of operations.    

We
are in the process of integrating the production of the XTouch Touch Sensors into our business, and this process may absorb significant
management attention, produce unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may not produce the favorable business and
market opportunities the asset acquisition and license transactions were intended to provide. If we fail to successfully integrate
the XTouch business into our business, our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected.  

Provisions
in our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide for indemnification of officers and directors in certain circumstances, which could
require us to direct funds away from our business.    

Our
Amended and Restated Bylaws contain provisions regarding indemnification and advancement of expenses actually and reasonably incurred
by any person who is or was a party to a threatened, pending, or completed civil, criminal, administrative or investigative matter
by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company, provided that such person
acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company,
and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reason or cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The
advancement of expenses is expressly conditioned upon receipt of an undertaking by the director, officer, employee, or agent to
repay all such amounts so advanced in the event that it shall ultimately be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified
by the Company. Funds so advanced or paid in fulfillment of our indemnification obligations (including satisfaction of defense
costs, judgments, fines and expenses) may be funds we need for the operation and growth of our business.  

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS.    

Exhibit
    No.   
         
       Description
    of Document    

10.1  
         
      Loan
    and Security Agreement by and between Uni-Pixel, Inc., Uni-Pixel Displays, Inc., and Western Alliance Bank, dated October
    18, 2016 and entered into on October 24, 2016.   

31.1  
         
      Certification
    of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of Uni-Pixel, Inc.,Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002 (2)   

31.2  
         
      Certification
    of the Chief Financial Offer of Uni-Pixel, Inc., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (2)   

32.1  
         
      Certification
    of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of Uni-Pixel, Inc.,Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002 (2) (3)   

32.2  
         
      Certification
    of the Chief Financial Offer of Uni-Pixel, Inc., pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (2) (3)   

(1)
    Filed herewith. Previously filed as an exhibit to our Form 8-K, filed on October 28, 2016 and re-filed herewith to correct
    a typographical error in the previously filed exhibit.   

(2)
    Filed herewith   

(3)
    The certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 accompany this Quarterly Report on From 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
    Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, shall not be deemed  filed 
    by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

Table of Contents    

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

UNI-PIXEL,
    INC.    

Date:
    November 10, 2016   
      By:  
       /s/
    Jeff A. Hawthorne     

Jeff
    A. Hawthorne, Chief Executive Officer and President   

By:  
       /s/
    Christine A. Russell     

Christine
    A. Russell, Chief Financial Officer   

Table of Contents    

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1.htm

Exhibit
10.1   

UNI-PIXEL,
INC.  

  UNI-PIXEL
DISPLAYS, INC.  

WESTERN
ALLIANCE BANK  

LOAN
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT  

This
  Loan And Security Agreement   is entered into as of October 18, 2016, by and
between WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK ( Bank ) and UNI-PIXEL, INC. ( Parent ), and UNI-PIXEL DISPLAYS, INC. ( Uni-Pixel
Displays ). Parent and Uni-Pixel Displays are each referred to herein as a ( Borrower , and collectively, as
the  Borrowers ).  

Recitals   

Borrowers
wish to obtain credit from time to time from Bank, and Bank desires to extend credit to Borrowers. This Agreement sets forth the
terms on which Bank will advance credit to Borrowers, and Borrowers will repay the amounts owing to Bank.  

Agreement   

The
parties agree as follows:  

1.
  Definitions and Construction.  

1.1
Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following definitions:  

Accounts 
means all presently existing and hereafter arising accounts, contract rights, payment intangibles, and all other forms of obligations
owing to a Borrower arising out of the sale or lease of goods (including, without limitation, the licensing of software and other
technology) or the rendering of services by a Borrower, whether or not earned by performance, and any and all credit insurance,
guaranties, and other security therefor, as well as all merchandise returned to or reclaimed by a Borrower and such Borrower s
Books relating to any of the foregoing.  

Affiliate 
means, with respect to any Person, any Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly such Person, any Person that controls
or is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, and each of such Person s senior executive officers, directors,
and partners.  

Atmel
Intellectual Property License Agreement  means that certain XSense Intellectual Property License Agreement dated as of April
16, 2015 by and between Atmel Corporation and Uni-Pixel Displays.  

Atmel
Patent License Agreement  means that certain XSense Patent License Agreement dated as of April 16, 2015 by and between Atmel
Corporation and Uni-Pixel Displays.  

Bank
Expenses  means all: costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) incurred in connection
with the preparation, negotiation, administration, and enforcement of the Loan Documents; Collateral audit fees; and Bank s
reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses incurred in amending, enforcing or defending the Loan Documents (including fees
and expenses of appeal), incurred before, during and after an Insolvency Proceeding, whether or not suit is brought.  

Borrower
Agreement  means the Export-Import Bank of the United States Working Capital Guarantee Program Borrower Agreement between
Bank and Borrowers.  

Borrower s
Books  means all of a Borrower s books and records including: ledgers; records concerning a Borrower s assets
or liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition; and all computer programs, or tape files, and the
equipment, containing such information. 

Business
Day  means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which banks in the State of California are authorized
or required to close.  

Change
in Control  shall mean a transaction in which (i) any  person  or  group  (within the meaning of
Section 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule
13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of a sufficient number of shares of all classes of stock
then outstanding of a Borrower ordinarily entitled to vote in the election of directors, empowering such  person 
or  group  to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of a Borrower, who did not have such power before such transaction,
or (ii) Parent ceases to own all of the capital stock of Uni-Pixel Displays, Inc.  

CIT
Intellectual Property License Agreement  means that certain FLT Intellectual Property License Agreement dated as of April
16, 2015 by and between CIT Technology Ltd and Uni-Pixel Displays.  

CIT
Patent License Agreement  means that certain FLT Patent License Agreement dated as of April 16 2015 by and between CIT Technology
Ltd and Uni-Pixel Displays, Inc.  

Closing
Date  means the date of this Agreement.  

Code 
means the California Uniform Commercial Code.  

Collateral 
means the property described on  Exhibit A  attached hereto.  

Contingent
Obligation  means, as applied to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with
respect to (i) any indebtedness, lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation of another; (ii) any obligations with respect
to undrawn letters of credit, corporate credit cards, or merchant services issued or provided for the account of that Person;
and (iii) all obligations arising under any agreement or arrangement designed to protect such Person against fluctuation in interest
rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices; provided, however, that the term  Contingent Obligation  shall
not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation
shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent
Obligation is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined
by Bank in good faith; provided, however, that such amount shall not in any event exceed the maximum amount of the obligations
under the guarantee or other support arrangement.  

Copyrights 
means any and all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work or authorship
and derivative work thereof.  

Credit
Extension  means each EXIM Advance, use of the International Sublimit, or any other extension of credit by Bank for the
benefit of Borrowers hereunder.  

Daily
Balance  means the amount of the Obligations owed at the end of a given day.  

Economic
Impact Certification  means the Economic Impact Certification as defined in the Borrower Agreement.  

Eligible
Export-Related Accounts  means Eligible Export-Related Accounts Receivable as defined in the Borrower Agreement.  

Equipment 
means all present and future machinery, equipment, tenant improvements, furniture, fixtures, vehicles, tools, parts and attachments
in which a Borrower has any interest.  

Equity
Interests  means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital
stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares
of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or
acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such
Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares,
warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination.  

ERISA 
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations thereunder.  

Event
of Default  has the meaning assigned in Article 8.  

EXIM 
means the Export Import Bank of the United States.  

EXIM
Advance  means a cash advance or cash advances under the EXIM Facility.  

EXIM
Borrowing Base  means an amount equal to ninety percent (90%) of Eligible Export-Related Accounts, as determined by Bank
with reference to the most recent EXIM Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by Borrowers; provided however, that the EXIM Borrowing
Base may be revised from time to time by Bank following each Collateral audit or as Bank deems necessary in Bank s reasonable
judgment and upon notification thereof to Borrowers.  

EXIM
Facility  means the facility under which Borrowers may request Bank to issue EXIM Advances, as specified in Section 2.1(a)
hereof.  

EXIM
Line  means a Credit Extension of up to Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000).  

EXIM
Maturity Date  means the second anniversary of the Closing Date.  

GAAP 
means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time.  

Indebtedness 
means (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property or services, including without limitation
reimbursement and other obligations with respect to surety bonds and letters of credit, (b) all obligations evidenced by notes,
bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) all capital lease obligations and (d) all Contingent Obligations.  

Insolvency
Proceeding  means any proceeding commenced by or against any person or entity under any provision of the United States Bankruptcy
Code, as amended, or under any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal
or informal moratoria, compositions, extension generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement,
or other relief.  

Intellectual
Property Collateral  means all of a Borrower s right, title, and interest in and to the following: Copyrights, Trademarks
and Patents; all trade secrets, all design rights, claims for damages by way of past, present and future infringement of any of
the rights included above, all licenses or other rights to use any of the Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks all as more specifically
set forth on the exhibits attached to the intellectual property security agreement between Borrowers and Bank dated as of the
date hereof and as amended from time to time, and all license fees and royalties arising from such use to the extent permitted
by such license or rights; all amendments, renewals and extensions of any of the Copyrights, Trademarks or Patents; and all proceeds
and products of the foregoing, including without limitation all payments under insurance or any indemnity or warranty payable
in respect of any of the foregoing.  

International
Sublimit  means a sublimit for export related foreign exchange services, commercial letters of credit, and standby letters
of credit under the EXIM Line not to exceed Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000).  

Inventory 
means all inventory in which a Borrower has or acquires any interest, including work in process and finished products intended
for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, of every kind and description now or at any time hereafter owned
by or in the custody or possession, actual or constructive, of a Borrower, including such inventory as is temporarily out of its
custody or possession or in transit and including any returns upon any accounts or other proceeds, including insurance proceeds,
resulting from the sale or disposition of any of the foregoing and any documents of title representing any of the above, and a
Borrower s Books relating to any of the foregoing.  

Investment 
means any beneficial ownership of Equity Interests of any Person, or any loan, advance or capital contribution or transfer of
any assets to any Person.  

IP
Indebtedness Agreements  means the Atmel Patent License Agreement and the CIT Patent License Agreement.  

Letter
of Credit  or  Letters of Credit  is defined in Section 2.1(b)(ii) hereof.  

Lien 
means any mortgage, lien, deed of trust, charge, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance.  

Loan
Documents  means, collectively, this Agreement, the Borrower Agreement, any note or notes, and any other documents, instruments
or agreements entered into by a Borrower or any guarantor or other third party in connection with this Agreement, all as amended
or extended from time to time.  

Material
Adverse Effect  means a material adverse effect on (i) the business operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects
of a Borrower or (ii) the ability of Borrowers to repay the Obligations or otherwise perform its obligations under the Loan Documents
or (iii) the value or priority of Bank s security interests in the Collateral.  

Negotiable
Collateral  means all letters of credit of which a Borrower is a beneficiary, notes, drafts, instruments, securities, documents
of title, and chattel paper, and such each Borrower s Books relating to any of the foregoing.  

Obligations 
means all debt, principal, interest, Bank Expenses and other amounts owed to Bank by Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement or any
other agreement, whether absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, including any interest
that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding and including any debt, liability, or obligation owing from Borrowers
to others that Bank may have obtained by assignment or otherwise.  

Patents 
means all patents, patent applications and like protections including without limitation improvements, divisions, continuations,
renewals, reissues, extensions and continuations-in-part of the same.  

Periodic
Payments  means all installments or similar recurring payments that Borrowers may now or hereafter become obligated to pay
to Bank pursuant to the terms and provisions of any instrument, or agreement now or hereafter in existence between Borrowers and
Bank.  

Permitted
Indebtedness  means:  

(a)
 Indebtedness of Borrowers in favor of Bank arising under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;  

(b)
 unsecured Indebtedness owing to trade creditors in the ordinary course of business;  

(c)
 Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date and disclosed in the Schedule;  

(d)
 Indebtedness secured by a lien described in clause (c) of the defined term  Permitted Liens,  provided (i) such
Indebtedness does not exceed the lesser of the cost or fair market value of the equipment financed with such Indebtedness and
(ii) such Indebtedness does not exceed $500,000 in the aggregate at any given time;  

(e)
 Indebtedness whether now existing or hereafter arising under the Atmel Intellectual Property License Agreement and/or the
Atmel Patent License Agreement as each are in effect on the date hereof;  

(f)
 Indebtedness whether now existing or hereafter arising under the CIT Intellectual Property License Agreement and/or the CIT
Patent License Agreement as each are in effect on the date hereof; and  

(g)
 Subordinated Debt.  

Permitted
Investment  means:  

(a)
 Investments existing on the Closing Date disclosed in the Schedule;  

(b)
 (i) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States of America or any agency or any
State thereof maturing within one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof, (ii) commercial paper maturing no more than one
(1) year from the date of creation thereof and currently having rating of at least A-2 or P-2 from either Standard   Poor s
Corporation or Moody s Investors Service, (iii) certificates of deposit maturing no more than one (1) year from the date
of investment therein issued by Bank and (iv) Bank s money market accounts; and  

(c)
 Investments in a to be formed joint development company with General Interface Solution Ltd. (a subsidiary of Foxconn Technology
Group) (the  JV Entity ) to which Borrowers shall own fifty percent (50%) of the voting Equity Interests of such JV
Entity, and that does not (i) require Borrowers to assume or otherwise become liable for the obligations of such JV Entity or
any third party related to or arising out of such arrangement, (ii) require Borrowers to transfer ownership of or contribute any
cash or other property, other than (A) the property listed on Schedule 4.6 attached hereto (as such Schedule may be modified by
Borrower and accepted by Bank) and such other tangible property collectively with an aggregate book value in excess of $1,000,000
and (B) the non-exclusive license of Borrowers  Intellectual Property to the JV Entity that could not result in any legal
transfer of title of the licensed property.  

Permitted
Liens  means the following:  

(a)
 Any Liens existing on the Closing Date and disclosed in the Schedule or arising under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;  

(b)
 Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges or levies, either not delinquent or being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings, provided the same have no priority over any of Bank s security interests;  

(c)
 Liens (i) upon or in any equipment which was not financed by Bank acquired or held by Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries
to secure the purchase price of such equipment or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or
leasing of such equipment, or (ii) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition or lease, provided that the Lien
is confined solely to the property so acquired or leased and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment;  

(d)
 Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described
in clauses (a) through (c) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered
by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase; and  

(e)
 Liens upon Collateral incurred as contemplated in connection with and arising under the IP Indebtedness Agreements and granted
in connection with the indebtedness permitted under clauses (e) and (f) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, to the extent
such Lien is subject to a subordination agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.  

Person 
means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization,
association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or governmental agency.  

Prime
Rate  means the greater of three and one half percent (3.50%) per year, or the variable rate of interest, per annum,
most recently announced by Bank, as its  prime rate , whether or not such announced rate is the lowest rate available
from Bank.  

Responsible
Officer  means each of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Vice President of Finance of each
Borrower.  

Schedule 
means the schedule of exceptions attached hereto and approved by Bank, if any.  

Shares 
is one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock, membership units or other securities owned or held
of record by a Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower, in any direct or indirect Subsidiary.  

Subordinated
Debt  means any debt incurred by Borrowers that is subordinated to the debt owing by Borrowers to Bank on terms acceptable
to Bank (and identified as being such by Borrowers and Bank), pursuant to a subordination agreement in form and substance satisfactory
to Bank.  

Subsidiary 
means, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other
ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by
reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation,
partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries (including any Affiliate), or both, by such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires,
each reference to a Subsidiary herein shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, the JV Entity
is not a Subsidiary for any purpose under this Agreement.  

Trademarks 
means any trademark and servicemark rights, whether registered or not, applications to register and registrations of the same
and like protections, and the entire goodwill of the business of Borrowers connected with and symbolized by such trademarks.  

1.2
Accounting Terms . All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP and all
calculations made hereunder shall be made in accordance with GAAP. When used herein, the terms  financial statements 
shall include the notes and schedules thereto.  

2.
  Loan and Terms Of Payment.  

2.1
Credit Extensions .  

Each
Borrower promises to pay to the order of Bank, in lawful money of the United States of America, the aggregate unpaid principal
amount of all Credit Extensions made by Bank to Borrowers hereunder. Borrowers shall also pay interest on the unpaid principal
amount of such Credit Extensions at rates in accordance with the terms hereof.  

(a)
EXIM Advances.   

(i)
 Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Borrower may request EXIM Advances in an aggregate outstanding
amount not to exceed the lesser of (A) the EXIM Line or (B) the EXIM Borrowing Base, minus in each case the aggregate amounts
outstanding under the International Sublimit. Amounts borrowed pursuant to this Section 2.1(a) may be repaid and reborrowed at
any time prior to the EXIM Maturity Date, at which time all EXIM Advances under this Section 2.1(a) shall be immediately due and
payable. Borrower may prepay any EXIM Advances without penalty or premium.  

(ii)
 Whenever Borrower desires an EXIM Advance, Borrower will notify Bank by facsimile transmission of an advance request in substantially
the form of Exhibit B hereto no later than noon Pacific Time on the Business Day that is one (1) Business Day prior to the Business
Day on which an EXIM Advance is made. Bank is authorized to make EXIM Advances under this Agreement, based upon instructions received
from a Responsible Officer or a designee of a Responsible Officer. Bank will credit the amount of EXIM Advances made under this
Section 2.1(a) to a Borrower s deposit account at Bank.  

(iii)
 Borrower shall pay interest on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the EXIM Advances on the tenth day of each month
for so long as any EXIM Advances are outstanding. All EXIM Advances shall be due and payable on the EXIM Maturity Date.  

(b)
International Sublimit.   

(i)
 Letters of Credit. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at any time prior to the EXIM Maturity Date, Bank
agrees to issue letters of credit for the account of Borrower (each, a  Letter of Credit  and collectively, the  Letters
of Credit ), provided, however, the aggregate outstanding face amount of all Letters of Credit shall not exceed the International
Sublimit outstanding, and for purposes of determining availability under the EXIM Line, the aggregate outstanding face amount
of all Letters of Credit (whether drawn or undrawn) shall decrease, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, the amount available for other
Advances. All Letters of Credit shall be, in form and substance, acceptable to Bank in its sole discretion and shall be subject
to the terms and conditions of Bank s form of standard application and letter of credit agreement (the  Application ),
which Borrower hereby agrees to execute, including Bank s standard fees. On any drawn but unreimbursed Letter of Credit,
the unreimbursed amount shall be deemed an EXIM Advance under Section 2.1(a). The obligation of Borrower to reimburse Bank for
drawings made under Letters of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, the Application, and such Letters of Credit, under all circumstances whatsoever. Borrower shall
indemnify, defend, protect, and hold Bank harmless from any loss, cost, expense or liability, including, without limitation, attorneys 
fees, arising out of or in connection with any Letters of Credit, except for expenses caused by Bank s gross negligence
or willful misconduct.  

(ii)
 If at any time the EXIM Facility is terminated or otherwise ceases to exist, Borrower shall immediately secure in cash all
obligations under the International Sublimit on terms reasonably acceptable to Bank.  

2.2
Overadvances . If the aggregate amount of the outstanding EXIM Advances plus the aggregate amounts outstanding under the International
Sublimit exceeds the lesser of the EXIM Line or the EXIM Borrowing Base at any time (as determined by Bank with reference to the
most recent EXIM Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by Borrowers), Borrowers shall immediately pay to Bank, in cash, the amount
of such excess.  

2.3
Interest Rates, Payments, and Calculations.   

(a)
Interest Rates.   

(i)
EXIM Advances . Except as set forth in Section 2.3(b), the EXIM Advances shall bear interest, on the outstanding Daily Balance
thereof, at a rate equal to one and one quarter percent (1.25%) above the Prime Rate.  

(b)
Late Fee; Default Rate . If any payment is not made within ten (10) days after the date such payment is due, Borrowers shall
pay Bank a late fee equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5%) of the amount of such unpaid amount or (ii) the maximum amount
permitted to be charged under applicable law, not in any case to be less than $25.00. At Bank s election, all Obligations
shall bear interest, from and after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at a rate equal to five
(5) percentage points above the interest rate applicable immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default.  

(c)
Payments . Interest hereunder shall be due and payable on the tenth calendar day of each month during the term hereof. Bank
shall, at its option, charge such interest, all Bank Expenses, and all Periodic Payments against any of Borrower s deposit
accounts or against the EXIM Line, in which case those amounts shall thereafter accrue interest at the rate then applicable hereunder.
Any interest not paid when due shall be compounded by becoming a part of the Obligations, and such interest shall thereafter accrue
interest at the rate then applicable hereunder. All payments shall be free and clear of any taxes, withholdings, duties, impositions
or other charges, to the end that Bank will receive the entire amount of any Obligations payable hereunder, regardless of source
of payment.  

(d)
Computation . In the event the Prime Rate is changed from time to time hereafter, the applicable rate of interest hereunder
shall be increased or decreased, effective as of the day the Prime Rate is changed, by an amount equal to such change in the Prime
Rate. All interest chargeable under the Loan Documents shall be computed on the basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year
for the actual number of days elapsed.  

2.4
Crediting Payments . Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, Bank shall credit a wire transfer of funds, check or other
item of payment to such deposit account or Obligation as Borrowers specify. After the occurrence of an Event of Default, the receipt
by Bank of any wire transfer of funds, check, or other item of payment shall be immediately applied to conditionally reduce Obligations,
but shall not be considered a payment on account unless such payment is of immediately available federal funds or unless and until
such check or other item of payment is honored when presented for payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, any wire transfer or payment received by Bank after 12:00 noon Pacific time shall be deemed to have been received by Bank
as of the opening of business on the immediately following Business Day. Whenever any payment to Bank under the Loan Documents
would otherwise be due (except by reason of acceleration) on a date that is not a Business Day, such payment shall instead be
due on the next Business Day, and additional fees or interest, as the case may be, shall accrue and be payable for the period
of such extension.  

2.5
Fees and Expenses . Borrowers shall pay to Bank the following:  

(a)
Facility Fees . On the Closing Date and on the first anniversary of the Closing Date, a fee with respect to the EXIM Facility
equal to $25,000, each of which are fully earned and nonrefundable;  

(b)
EXIM Fees.  Such fees as EXIM may charge from time to time, including a $100 application fee payable on the Closing Date; and  

(c)
Bank Expenses . On the Closing Date, all Bank Expenses incurred through the Closing Date, including reasonable attorneys 
fees and expenses and, after the Closing Date, all Bank Expenses, including attorneys  fees and expenses, as and when they
are incurred by Bank.  

2.6
Term . This Agreement shall become effective on the Closing Date and, subject to Section 13.7, shall continue in full force
and effect for so long as any Obligations remain outstanding or Bank has any obligation to make Credit Extensions under this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bank shall have the right to terminate its obligation to make Credit Extensions under this Agreement
immediately and without notice upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default. Notwithstanding termination,
Bank s Lien on the Collateral shall remain in effect for so long as any Obligations are outstanding.  

3.
  Conditions of Loans.  

3.1
Conditions Precedent to Initial Credit Extension . The obligation of Bank to make the initial Credit Extension is subject to
the condition precedent that Bank shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, the following:  

(a)
 this Agreement;  

(b)
 a certificate of the Secretary of Borrower with respect to incumbency and resolutions authorizing the execution and delivery
of this Agreement;  

(c)
 UCC National Form Financing Statements;  

(d)
 an intellectual property security agreement;  

(e)
 agreement to provide insurance;  

(f)
 current financial statements of Borrowers;  

(g)
 an audit of the Collateral, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Bank;  

(h)
 EXIM approval;  

(i)
 the fully executed Borrower Agreement and other related EXIM documents requested by Bank;  

(j)
 an Economic Impact Certification;  

(k)
 the EXIM Guarantee;  

(l)
 evidence of the termination of Lien in favor of Atmel Corporation;  

(m)
 payment of the fees and Bank Expenses then due specified in Section 2.5 hereof; and  

(n)
 such other documents, and completion of such other matters, as Bank may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate.  

3.2
Conditions Precedent to all Credit Extensions . The obligation of Bank to make each Credit Extension, including the initial
Credit Extension, is further subject to the following conditions:  

(a)
 timely receipt by Bank of the Advance Request Form as provided in Section 2.1;  

(b)
 with respect to any EXIM Advance request, an EXIM Borrowing Base Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer in substantially
the form of Exhibit C hereto; and  

(c)
 the representations and warranties contained in Section 5 shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of
the date of such Advance Request Form and on the effective date of each Credit Extension as though made at and as of each such
date, and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, or would exist after giving effect to such Credit Extension.
The making of each Credit Extension shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by Borrower on the date of such Credit
Extension as to the accuracy of the facts referred to in this Section 3.2.  

4.
  Creation of Security Interest.  

4.1
Grant of Security Interest . Each Borrower grants and pledges to Bank a continuing security interest in all presently existing
and hereafter acquired or arising Collateral in order to secure prompt repayment of any and all Obligations and in order to secure
prompt performance by such Borrower of each of its covenants and duties under the Loan Documents. Such security interest constitutes
a valid, first priority security interest in the presently existing Collateral, and will constitute a valid, first priority security
interest in Collateral acquired after the date hereof.  

4.2
Delivery of Additional Documentation Required . Borrowers shall from time to time execute and deliver to Bank, at the request
of Bank, all Negotiable Collateral, all financing statements and other documents that Bank may reasonably request, in form satisfactory
to Bank, to perfect and continue the perfection of Bank s security interests in the Collateral and in order to fully consummate
all of the transactions contemplated under the Loan Documents. Borrowers from time to time may deposit with Bank specific time
deposit accounts to secure specific Obligations. Each Borrower authorizes Bank to hold such balances in pledge and to decline
to honor any drafts thereon or any request by a Borrower or any other Person to pay or otherwise transfer any part of such balances
for so long as the Obligations are outstanding.  

4.3
Right to Inspect . Bank (through any of its officers, employees, or agents) shall have the right, upon reasonable prior notice,
from time to time during Borrowers  usual business hours but no more than twice a year (unless an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing), to inspect a Borrower s Books and to make copies thereof and to check, test, and appraise the Collateral
in order to verify each Borrower s financial condition or the amount, condition of, or any other matter relating to, the
Collateral  

4.4
EXIM.  EXIM has agreed to guarantee the EXIM Advances pursuant to certain guarantee agreements and other documents and instruments
(collectively, the  EXIM Guarantee ).  

(a)
 If, at any time after the EXIM Guarantee has been entered into by Bank, for any reason other than due to any action or inaction
of a Borrower under the EXIM Guarantee, (i) the EXIM Guarantee shall cease to be in full force and effect, or (ii) if EXIM declares
the EXIM Guarantee void or revokes any obligations thereunder or denies liability thereunder, and any overadvance results from
either of the foregoing, Bank shall provide notice of such overadvance to Borrowers, and Borrowers shall immediately pay the amount
of the excess to Bank or provide additional Collateral in such amounts as the Bank deems reasonably necessary to cure such overadvance.  

(b)
 If, at any time after the EXIM Guarantee has been entered into by Bank, for any reason other than the one described in Section
4.4(a), (i) the EXIM Guarantee shall cease to be in full force and effect, or (ii) the EXIM declares the EXIM Guarantee void or
revokes any obligations thereunder or denies liability thereunder, any such event shall constitute an Event of Default under this
Agreement.  

(c)
 Nothing in any confidentiality provision in this Agreement or in any other agreement shall restrict Bank s right to
make disclosures and provide information to the EXIM in connection with the EXIM Guarantee. Upon the occurrence and continuation
of an Event of Default, in the event EXIM seeks to exercise remedies with respect to the Collateral, Bank may assign such portion
of its security interest in the Loan Documents and the Collateral as EXIM reasonably requests to effect such exercise. The terms
of the Borrower Agreement shall control in the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Borrower Agreement.  

4.5
Pledge of Shares . Each Borrower hereby pledges, assigns and grants to Bank, a security interest in all the Shares, together
with all proceeds and substitutions thereof, all cash, stock and other moneys and property paid thereon, all rights to subscribe
for securities declared or granted in connection therewith, and all other cash and noncash proceeds of the foregoing, as security
for the performance of the Obligations. Within ten (10) days of the Closing Date, or, to the extent not certificated as of the
Closing Date, within ten (10) days of the certification of any Shares, the certificate or certificates for the Shares will be
delivered to Bank, accompanied by an instrument of assignment duly executed in blank by Borrowers. To the extent required by the
terms and conditions governing the Shares, Borrowers shall cause the books of each entity whose Shares are part of the Collateral
and any transfer agent to reflect the pledge of the Shares. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Bank may effect
the transfer of any securities included in the Collateral (including but not limited to the Shares) into the name of Bank and
cause new (as applicable) certificates representing such securities to be issued in the name of Bank or its transferee. Borrowers
will execute and deliver such documents, and take or cause to be taken such actions, as Bank may reasonably request to perfect
or continue the perfection of Bank s security interest in the Shares. Unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing, Borrowers shall be entitled to exercise any voting rights with respect to the Shares and to give consents, waivers
and ratifications in respect thereof, provided that no vote shall be cast or consent, waiver or ratification given or action taken
which would be inconsistent with any of the terms of this Agreement or which would constitute or create any violation of any of
such terms. All such rights to vote and give consents, waivers and ratifications shall terminate upon the occurrence and continuance
of an Event of Default.  

4.6
Release of Collateral . Upon providing evidence satisfactory to Bank of the creation and consummation of the JV Entity, Bank s
security interest in the assets listed on Schedule 4.6 (as such Schedule may be modified by Borrower and accepted by Bank) (the
 Released Collateral ) shall terminate automatically and upon Borrower s request, Bank shall file a UCC Financing
Statement amendment in the appropriate filing office deleting the Released Collateral from the Bank s previously filed UCC
Financing Statement. Bank consents to the transfer of the Released Collateral to the JV Entity without further notice to the Bank.  

5.
  Representations and Warranties.  

Each
Borrower represents and warrants as follows:  

5.1
Due Organization and Qualification . Each Borrower and each Subsidiary is a corporation duly existing under the laws of its
state of incorporation and qualified and licensed to do business in any state in which the conduct of its business or its ownership
of property requires that it be so qualified.  

5.2
Due Authorization; No Conflict . The execution, delivery, and performance of the Loan Documents are within each Borrower s
powers, have been duly authorized, and are not in conflict with nor constitute a breach of any provision contained in a Borrower s
Certificate/Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, nor will they constitute an event of default under any material agreement to
which a Borrower is a party or by which a Borrower is bound. No Borrower is in default under any material agreement to which it
is a party or by which it is bound.  

5.3
No Prior Encumbrances . Each Borrower has good and marketable title to its property, free and clear of Liens, except for Permitted
Liens.  

5.4
Bona Fide Accounts.  The Accounts are bona fide existing obligations. The property giving rise to such Accounts has been delivered
to the account debtor or to the account debtor s agent for immediate shipment to and unconditional acceptance by the account
debtor. Any services giving rise to such Accounts have been provided to the account debtor.  

5.5
Merchantable Inventory . All Inventory is in all material respects of good and marketable quality, free from all material defects,
except for Inventory for which adequate reserves have been made.  

5.6
Intellectual Property Collateral . Each Borrower is the sole owner of the Intellectual Property Collateral, except for non-exclusive
licenses granted by a Borrower to its customers in the ordinary course of business. Each of the Patents owned or licensed by a
Borrower is valid and enforceable, and no part of the Intellectual Property Collateral owned or licensed by a Borrower has been
judged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and no claim has been made that any part of the Intellectual Property Collateral
owned or licensed by a Borrower violates the rights of any third party. Except as set forth in the Schedule, each Borrower s
rights as a licensee of intellectual property do not give rise to more than five percent (5%) of its gross revenue in any given
month, including without limitation revenue derived from the sale, licensing, rendering or disposition of any product or service.
Except as set forth in the Schedule, no Borrower is a party to, or bound by, any agreement that restricts the grant by such Borrower
of a security interest in such Borrower s rights under such agreement.  

5.7
Name; Location of Chief Executive Office . Except as disclosed in the Schedule, no Borrower has done business under any name
other than that specified on the signature page hereof. The chief executive office of each Borrower is located at the address
indicated in Section 10 hereof. All of Borrowers  Inventory and Equipment is located only at the locations set forth in
Section 10 hereof.  

5.8
Litigation . Except as set forth in the Schedule, there are no actions or proceedings pending by or against a Borrower or any
Subsidiary before any court or administrative agency.  

5.9
No Material Adverse Change in Financial Statements . All consolidated and consolidating financial statements related to Borrowers
and any Subsidiary that Bank has received from Borrowers fairly present in all material respects Borrowers  financial condition
as of the date thereof and Borrowers  consolidated and consolidating results of operations for the period then ended. There
has not been a material adverse change in the consolidated or the consolidating financial condition of Borrowers since the date
of the most recent of such financial statements submitted to Bank.  

5.10
Solvency, Payment of Debts . Borrowers on a consolidated basis are solvent and able to pay their debts (including trade debts)
as they mature.  

5.11
Regulatory Compliance . Each Borrower and each Subsidiary have met the minimum funding requirements of ERISA with respect to
any employee benefit plans subject to ERISA, and no event has occurred resulting from a Borrower s failure to comply with
ERISA that could result in Borrower s incurring any material liability thereunder. No Borrower is an  investment company 
or a company  controlled  by an  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment Company Act
of 1940. No Borrower is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the
purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T and U of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System). Each Borrower has complied with all the provisions of the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act. No Borrower has violated
any statutes, laws, ordinances or rules applicable to it, violation of which could have a Material Adverse Effect.  

5.12
Environmental Condition . None of Borrowers  or any Subsidiary s properties or assets has ever been used by a Borrower
or any Subsidiary or, to the best of Borrowers  knowledge, by previous owners or operators, in the disposal of, or to produce,
store, handle, treat, release, or transport, any hazardous waste or hazardous substance other than in accordance with applicable
law; to the best of Borrowers  knowledge, none of Borrowers  properties or assets has ever been designated or identified
in any manner pursuant to any environmental protection statute as a hazardous waste or hazardous substance disposal site, or a
candidate for closure pursuant to any environmental protection statute; no lien arising under any environmental protection statute
has attached to any revenues or to any real or personal property owned by a Borrower or any Subsidiary; and neither Borrower nor
any Subsidiary has received a summons, citation, notice, or directive from the Environmental Protection Agency or any other federal,
state or other governmental agency concerning any action or omission by a Borrower or any Subsidiary resulting in the releasing,
or otherwise disposing of hazardous waste or hazardous substances into the environment.  

5.13
Taxes . Each Borrower and each Subsidiary have filed or caused to be filed all tax returns required to be filed, and have paid,
or have made adequate provision for the payment of, all taxes reflected therein.  

5.14
Subsidiaries . Except as set forth on the Schedule, no Borrower owns any stock, partnership interest or other equity securities
of any Person, except for Permitted Investments.  

5.15
Government Consents . Each Borrower and each Subsidiary have obtained all material consents, approvals and authorizations of,
made all declarations or filings with, and given all notices to, all governmental authorities that are necessary for the continued
operation of such Borrower s business as currently conducted.  

5.16
Accounts . As of the Closing Date, all of Borrowers  and any Subsidiary s operating, depository or investment accounts
maintained or invested with a Person other than Bank are set forth on the Schedule. On and after the 60 th  day following
the Closing Date, none of a Borrower s nor any Subsidiary s operating, depository or investment accounts are maintained
or invested with a Person other than Bank, except as permitted under Section 6.8.  

5.17
Shares . Each Borrower has full power and authority to create a first lien on the Shares and no disability or contractual obligation
exists that would prohibit such Borrower from pledging the Shares pursuant to this Agreement. To Borrowers  knowledge, there
are no subscriptions, warrants, rights of first refusal or other restrictions on transfer relative to, or options exercisable
with respect to the Shares. The Shares have been and will be duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.
To Borrowers  knowledge, the Shares are not the subject of any present or threatened suit, action, arbitration, administrative
or other proceeding, and Borrower knows of no reasonable grounds for the institution of any such proceedings .   

5.18
Full Disclosure . No representation, warranty or other statement made by a Borrower in any certificate or written statement
furnished to Bank contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements contained in such certificates or statements not misleading.  

6.
  Affirmative Covenants.  

Each
Borrower shall do all of the following:  

6.1
Good Standing . Each Borrower shall maintain its and each of its Subsidiaries  corporate existence and good standing
in its jurisdiction of incorporation and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which it is required under applicable
law. Borrower shall maintain, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, in force all licenses, approvals and agreements,
the loss of which could have a Material Adverse Effect.  

6.2
Government Compliance . Each Borrower shall meet, and shall cause each Subsidiary to meet, the minimum funding requirements
of ERISA with respect to any employee benefit plans subject to ERISA. Each Borrower shall comply, and shall cause each Subsidiary
to comply, with all statutes, laws, ordinances and government rules and regulations to which it is subject, noncompliance with
which could have a Material Adverse Effect.  

6.3
Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates . Borrowers shall deliver the following to Bank: (a) as soon as available, but
in any event within thirty (30) days after the last day of each month, with aged listings of accounts receivable and accounts
payable by invoice date, along with due date aging for export related accounts receivable; (b) as soon as available, but in any
event within thirty (30) days after the last day of each month, an EXIM Borrowing Base Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer
in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto and a Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer in substantially the
form of Exhibit D hereto; (c) as soon as available, but in any event within forty five (45) days after the end of each calendar
quarter, a company prepared consolidated balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement covering Borrowers  consolidated
operations during such period, prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, in a form acceptable to Bank and certified
by a Responsible Officer, together with a Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer in substantially the form of
Exhibit D hereto; (d) as soon as available, but in any event within one hundred eighty (180) days after the end of each Borrower s
fiscal year, audited consolidated financial statements of each Borrower prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied,
together with an unqualified opinion on such financial statements of an independent certified public accounting firm reasonably
acceptable to Bank; (e) as soon as available, but in any event within five (5) days of filing, Borrowers  tax returns with
schedules, prepared by an independent certified public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Bank; (f) as soon as available,
but in any event no later than (1) the earlier to occur of thirty (30) days following the beginning of each fiscal year or the
date of review by such Borrower s board of directors/managers, an annual operating budget and financial projections (including
income statements, balance sheets and cash flow statements) for such fiscal year, presented in a monthly format, reviewed by such
Borrower s board of directors/managers, and in form and substance acceptable to Bank (each, a  Financial Plan );
(g) copies of all statements, reports and notices sent or made available generally by a Borrower to its members or stockholders
or to any holders of Subordinated Debt and, if applicable, all reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (acknowledging that Bank s timely receipt of Borrower s Form 10-Q and Form 10-K shall satisfy Borrower s
obligation to deliver financial statements under Section 6.3(c) and Section 6.3(d), respectively); (h) promptly upon receipt of
notice thereof, a report of any legal actions pending or threatened in writing against a Borrower or any Subsidiary that could
result in damages or costs to a Borrower or any Subsidiary of One Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) or more; (i)
upon Bank s request (but no more frequently than quarterly), a report of Borrowers  adjusted EBITDA; (j) copies of
any financial statements or other reporting with respect to the JV Entity when such is available; and (k) such budgets, sales
projections, operating plans or other financial information as Bank may reasonably request from time to time.  

6.4
Audits . Bank shall have a right from time to time hereafter to audit a Borrower s Accounts and appraise Collateral at
such Borrower s expense, provided that such audits will be conducted no more often than every six (6) months (or as frequently
as is required by EXIM) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Audit costs may range from $800-1,200 per day
plus expenses, with the duration and scope of each audit to be determined at the time of such audit.  

6.5
Inventory; Returns . Borrowers shall keep all Inventory in good and marketable condition and free from all material defects,
except for Inventory for which adequate reserves have been made. Returns and allowances, if any, as between Borrowers and its
account debtors shall be on the same basis and in accordance with the usual customary practices of Borrowers, as they exist at
the time of the execution and delivery of this Agreement. Borrowers shall promptly notify Bank of all returns and recoveries and
of all disputes and claims, where the return, recovery, dispute or claim involves more than Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000).  

6.6
Taxes . Borrowers shall make, and shall cause each Subsidiary to make, due and timely payment or deposit of all federal, state,
and local taxes, assessments, or contributions required of it by law, and will execute and deliver to Bank, on demand, appropriate
certificates attesting to the payment or deposit thereof; and Borrowers will make, and will cause each Subsidiary to make, timely
payment or deposit of all tax payments and withholding taxes required of it by applicable laws, including, but not limited to,
those laws concerning F.I.C.A., F.U.T.A., state disability, and local, state, and federal income taxes, and will, upon request,
furnish Bank with proof satisfactory to Bank indicating that Borrower or a Subsidiary has made such payments or deposits; provided
that Borrower or a Subsidiary need not make any payment if the amount or validity of such payment is contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and is reserved against (to the extent required by GAAP) by Borrowers.  

6.7
Insurance .  

(a)
 Borrowers, at their expense, shall keep the Collateral insured against loss or damage by fire, theft, explosion, sprinklers,
and all other hazards and risks, and in such amounts, as ordinarily insured against by other owners in similar businesses conducted
in the locations where a Borrower s business is conducted on the date hereof. Borrowers shall also maintain insurance relating
to Borrowers  business, ownership and use of the Collateral in amounts and of a type that are customary to businesses similar
to Borrowers .  

(b)
 All such policies of insurance shall be in such form, with such companies, and in such amounts as are reasonably satisfactory
to Bank. All such policies of property insurance shall contain a lender s loss payable endorsement, in a form satisfactory
to Bank, showing Bank as an additional loss payee thereof, and all liability insurance policies shall show the Bank as an additional
insured and shall specify that the insurer must give at least twenty (20) days  notice to Bank before canceling its policy
for any reason. Upon Bank s request, Borrower shall deliver to Bank certified copies of such policies of insurance and evidence
of the payments of all premiums therefor. All proceeds payable under any such policy shall, at the option of Bank, be payable
to Bank to be applied on account of the Obligations.  

6.8
Accounts . Borrowers shall maintain and shall cause each of their Subsidiaries to maintain its primary domestic depository,
operating, and investment accounts with Bank; provided however that Borrowers shall have forty-five (45) days from the Closing
Date to transition and close its accounts maintained outside of Bank. Borrowers shall endeavor to utilize and shall cause each
of their Subsidiaries to endeavor to utilize Bank s International Banking Division for any international banking services
required by Borrowers, including, but not limited to, foreign currency wires, hedges, swaps, foreign exchange contracts, and Letters
of Credit. For each deposit, operating, or investment domestic account that a Borrower maintains outside of Bank on and after
the 60 th  day following the Closing Date, such Borrower shall cause the applicable bank or financial institution at
or with which any such account is maintained to execute and deliver an account control agreement or other appropriate instrument
in form and substance satisfactory to Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrowers may maintain a deposit account at Fubon Bank
in Taiwan without compliance with the foregoing sentence as long as the average daily balance (measured monthly) of the aggregate
deposits in such account does not exceed $50,000 (or such greater amount as Bank may agree to from time to time).  

6.9
Financial Covenants.    

(a)
Asset Coverage Ratio . Borrowers shall maintain at all times a ratio of Borrowers  unrestricted cash maintained in accounts
at Bank plus Eligible Export-Related Accounts to all Obligations owing to Bank with respect to the EXIM Facility (including under
the International Sublimit) of at least 1.50 to 1.00.  

6.10
Intellectual Property Rights.   

(a)
 Borrowers shall promptly give Bank written notice of any applications or registrations of intellectual property rights filed
with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, including the date of such filing and the registration or application numbers,
if any. Borrowers shall (i) give Bank not less than 30 days prior written notice of the filing of any applications or registrations
with the United States Copyright Office, including the title of such intellectual property rights to be registered, as such title
will appear on such applications or registrations, and the date such applications or registrations will be filed, and (ii) prior
to the filing of any such applications or registrations, shall execute such documents as Bank may reasonably request for Bank
to maintain its perfection in such intellectual property rights to be registered by Borrowers, and upon the request of Bank, shall
file such documents simultaneously with the filing of any such applications or registrations. Upon filing any such applications
or registrations with the United States Copyright Office, Borrowers shall promptly provide Bank with (i) a copy of such applications
or registrations, without the exhibits, if any, thereto, (ii) evidence of the filing of any documents requested by Bank to be
filed for Bank to maintain the perfection and priority of its security interest in such intellectual property rights, and (iii)
the date of such filing.  

(b)
 Bank may audit Borrowers  Intellectual Property Collateral to confirm compliance with this Section, provided such audit
may not occur more often than twice per year, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Bank shall have the right,
but not the obligation, to take, at Borrowers  sole expense, any actions that Borrowers are required under this Section
to take but which Borrowers fail to take, after 15 days  notice to Borrowers. Borrowers shall reimburse and indemnify Bank
for all costs and expenses incurred in the exercise of its rights under this Section.  

6.11
Notices of Commercial Tort Claims; Event of Default . Without limiting or contradicting any other more specific provision of
this Agreement, promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business Days) upon a Borrower becoming aware of the existence of
any Event of Default or event described in Section 8 which, with the giving of notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute
an Event of Default, such Borrower shall give written notice to Bank of such occurrence, which such notice shall include a reasonably
detailed description of such Event of Default or event which, with the giving of notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute
an Event of Default. If a Borrower shall acquire a commercial tort claim (as defined in the Code), such Borrower shall promptly
notify Bank in writing of the general details thereof and grant to the Bank in such writing a security interest therein and in
the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Bank.  

6.12
Formation or Acquisition of Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding and without limiting the negative covenants contained in Sections
7.3 and 7.7 hereof, at the time that Borrower forms any direct or indirect Subsidiary or acquires any direct or indirect Subsidiary,
Borrower shall (a) cause such new Subsidiary to provide to Bank a joinder to this Agreement to cause such Subsidiary to become
a co-borrower hereunder, together with such appropriate financing statements and/or control agreements, all in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank (including being sufficient to grant Bank a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in and to the
assets of such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary), (b) provide to Bank appropriate certificates and powers and financing statements,
pledging all of the direct or beneficial ownership interest in such new Subsidiary, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank,
and (c) provide to Bank all other documentation in form and substance satisfactory to Bank that in its opinion is appropriate
with respect to the execution and delivery of the applicable documentation referred to above.  

6.13
Post-Closing Covenants.  On the earlier to occur of thirty (30) days following the renewal of Borrower s existing lease
on its Colorado Springs, Colorado location or October 31, 2017 (or such longer period as Bank may agree to in writing), Borrowers
shall deliver to Bank, a landlord consent with respect to Borrowers  leased location in Colorado Springs, Colorado, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank, or such other agreements, documents, instruments and/or the provision of such other
arrangements as Bank may require in lieu of receipt of such landlord consent.  

6.14
Further Assurances . At any time and from time to time Borrowers shall execute and deliver such further instruments and take
such further action as may reasonably be requested by Bank to effect the purposes of this Agreement.  

7.
  Negative Covenants.  

Borrowers
will not do any of the following:  

7.1
Dispositions . Convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of (collectively, a  Transfer ), or permit any
of its Subsidiaries to Transfer, all or any part of its business or property, other than: (i) Transfers of Inventory in the ordinary
course of business; (ii) Transfers of non-exclusive licenses and similar arrangements for the use of the property of a Borrower
or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; or (iii) Transfers of worn-out or obsolete Equipment which was not financed
by Bank.  

7.2
Change in Business or Executive Office . Engage in any business, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business,
other than the businesses currently engaged in by Borrower and any business substantially similar or related thereto (or incidental
thereto); or cease to conduct business in the manner conducted by Borrowers as of the Closing Date; or without thirty (30) days
prior written notification to Bank, relocate its chief executive office or state of incorporation or change its legal name; or
without Bank s prior written consent, change the date on which its fiscal year ends.  

7.3
Change in Control/Mergers or Acquisitions . (i) Merge or consolidate, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate,
with or into any other business organization, or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to acquire, all or substantially all
of the capital stock or property of another Person; or (ii) suffer or permit a Change in Control; provided however, only advance
written notice to the Bank will be required for any action restricted by this Section 7.3 if all Obligations are paid in full
in cash out of the proceeds of the initial closing of such action and such payment is listed as a condition to the consummation
of such action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with or into another Borrower with written
notice to Bank.  

7.4
Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or be or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness, or permit any Subsidiary so to
do, other than Permitted Indebtedness.  

7.5
Encumbrances . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien with respect to any of its property (including without limitation,
its Intellectual Property Collateral), or assign or otherwise convey any right to receive income, including the sale of any Accounts,
or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except for Permitted Liens, or agree with any Person other than Bank not to grant
a security interest in, or otherwise encumber, any of its property (including without limitation, its Intellectual Property Collateral),
or permit any Subsidiary to do so.  

7.6
Distributions . Pay any dividends or make any other distribution or payment on account of or in redemption, retirement or purchase
of any capital stock, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except that (i) Parent may repurchase the stock of former employees
pursuant to stock repurchase agreements as long as an Event of Default does not exist prior to such repurchase or would not exist
after giving effect to such repurchase; and (ii) any Subsidiary may make distributions to Parent without restriction at any time;
or  

7.7
Investments . Directly or indirectly acquire or own, or make any Investment in or to any Person, or permit any of its Subsidiaries
so to do, other than Permitted Investments; or maintain or invest any of its property with a Person other than Bank or permit
any of its Subsidiaries to do so unless such Person has entered into an account control agreement with Bank in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank; or suffer or permit any Subsidiary to be a party to, or be bound by, an agreement that restricts such Subsidiary
from paying dividends or otherwise distributing property to Borrowers.  

7.8
Transactions with Affiliates . Directly or indirectly enter into or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate
of Borrowers except for transactions that are in the ordinary course of Borrowers  business, upon fair and reasonable terms
that are no less favorable to Borrowers than would be obtained in an arm s length transaction with a non-affiliated Person.  

7.9
Subordinated Debt . Make any payment in respect of any Subordinated Debt, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make any such
payment, except in compliance with the terms of such Subordinated Debt, or amend any provision contained in any documentation
relating to the Subordinated Debt without Bank s prior written consent.  

7.10
Inventory and Equipment . Store the Inventory or the Equipment with a bailee, warehouseman, or other third party unless the
third party has been notified of Bank s security interest and Bank (a) has received an acknowledgment from the third party
that it is holding or will hold the Inventory or Equipment for Bank s benefit or (b) is in pledge possession of the warehouse
receipt, where negotiable, covering such Inventory or Equipment. Store or maintain any Equipment or Inventory at a location other
than the location set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement.  

7.11
Compliance . Become an  investment company  or be controlled by an  investment company,  within the
meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, or become principally engaged in, or undertake as one of its important activities,
the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock, or use the proceeds of any Credit Extension
for such purpose. Fail to meet the minimum funding requirements of ERISA, permit a Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction,
as defined in ERISA, to occur, fail to comply with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act or violate any law or regulation, which
violation could have a Material Adverse Effect, or a material adverse effect on the Collateral or the priority of Bank s
Lien on the Collateral, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing.  

7.12
Capital Expenditures.  Make or contract to make, without Bank s prior written consent, capital expenditures (including
leasehold improvements) or incur liability for rentals of property (including both real and personal property) in an aggregate
amount in any fiscal year in excess of $500,000, or such greater amount as may be approved by Borrower s board of directors
and set forth in Borrower s Financial Plan acceptable to Bank.  

8.
  Events of Default.  

Any
one or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default by Borrower under this Agreement:  

8.1
Payment Default . If Borrowers fail to pay, when due, any of the Obligations;  

8.2
Covenant Default .  

(a)
 If a Borrower fails to perform any obligation under Article 6 or violates any of the covenants contained in Article 7 of this
Agreement; or  

(b)
 If a Borrower fails or neglects to perform or observe any other material term, provision, condition, covenant contained in
this Agreement, in any of the Loan Documents, or in any other present or future agreement between a Borrower and Bank and as to
any default under such other term, provision, condition or covenant that can be cured, has failed to cure such default within
thirty days after a Borrower receives notice thereof or any officer of a Borrower becomes aware thereof; provided, however, that
if the default cannot by its nature be cured within the ten day period or cannot after diligent attempts by Borrowers be cured
within such thirty day period, and such default is likely to be cured within a reasonable time, then Borrowers shall have an additional
reasonable period (which shall not in any case exceed 30 days) to attempt to cure such default, and within such reasonable time
period the failure to have cured such default shall not be deemed an Event of Default but no Credit Extensions will be made.  

8.3
Material Adverse Effect . If there occurs any circumstance or circumstances that could have a Material Adverse Effect;  

8.4
Attachment . If any portion of a Borrower s assets is attached, seized, subjected to a writ or distress warrant, or is
levied upon, or comes into the possession of any trustee, receiver or person acting in a similar capacity and such attachment,
seizure, writ or distress warrant or levy has not been removed, bonded, discharged or rescinded within twenty (20) days, or if
a Borrower is enjoined, restrained, or in any way prevented by court order from continuing to conduct all or any material part
of its business affairs, or if a judgment or other claim becomes a lien or encumbrance upon any material portion of a Borrower s
assets, or if a notice of lien, levy, or assessment is filed of record with respect to any of a Borrower s assets by the
United States Government, or any department, agency, or instrumentality thereof, or by any state, county, municipal, or governmental
agency, and the same is not paid within twenty (20) days after a Borrower receives notice thereof, provided that none of the foregoing
shall constitute an Event of Default where such action or event is stayed or an adequate bond has been posted pending a good faith
contest by Borrowers (provided that no Credit Extensions will be required to be made during such cure period);  

8.5
Insolvency . If a Borrower becomes insolvent, or if an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced by a Borrower, or if an Insolvency
Proceeding is commenced against a Borrower and is not dismissed or stayed within thirty (30) days (provided that no Credit Extensions
will be made prior to the dismissal of such Insolvency Proceeding);  

8.6
Other Agreements . If there is a default or other failure to perform (a) in any credit, loan or financing agreement to which
a Borrower is a party or by which it is bound resulting in a right by a third party or parties, whether or not exercised, to accelerate
the maturity of any Indebtedness in an amount in excess of One Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) (other than trade
amounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business that are not more than 60 days past due); or (b) in any other agreement
to which a Borrower is a party or by which it is bound that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;  

8.7
Judgments . If a judgment or judgments for the payment of money in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, of at least
One Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) (not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which liability has
been accepted by such insurance carrier) shall be rendered against a Borrower and shall remain unsatisfied and unstayed for a
period of twenty (20) days (provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the satisfaction or stay of such judgment);  

8.8
Misrepresentations . If any material misrepresentation or material misstatement exists now or hereafter in any warranty or
representation set forth herein or in any certificate delivered to Bank by any Responsible Officer pursuant to this Agreement
or to induce Bank to enter into this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or  

8.9
EXIM Defaults . (a) If the EXIM Guarantee ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect or if EXIM declares the EXIM
Guarantee void or revokes any obligations under the EXIM Guarantee, or (b) if any default occurs under the Borrower Agreement.  

9.
  Bank s Rights and Remedies.  

9.1
Rights and Remedies . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Bank may, at its election, without
notice of its election and without demand, do any one or more of the following, all of which are authorized by Borrowers:  

(a)
 Declare all Obligations, whether evidenced by this Agreement, by any of the other Loan Documents, or otherwise, immediately
due and payable (provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in Section 8.5, all Obligations shall become
immediately due and payable without any action by Bank);  

(b)
 Cease advancing money or extending credit to or for the benefit of Borrowers under this Agreement or under any other agreement
between Borrowers and Bank;  

(c)
 Settle or adjust disputes and claims directly with account debtors for amounts, upon terms and in whatever order that Bank
reasonably considers advisable;  

(d)
 Make such payments and do such acts as Bank considers necessary or reasonable to protect its security interest in the Collateral.
Borrowers agree to assemble the Collateral if Bank so requires, and to make the Collateral available to Bank as Bank may designate.
Each Borrower authorizes Bank to enter the premises where the Collateral is located, to take and maintain possession of the Collateral,
or any part of it, and to pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any encumbrance, charge, or lien which in Bank s determination
appears to be prior or superior to its security interest and to pay all expenses incurred in connection therewith. With respect
to any of a Borrower s owned premises, each Borrower hereby grants Bank a license to enter into possession of such premises
and to occupy the same, without charge, in order to exercise any of Bank s rights or remedies provided herein, at law, in
equity, or otherwise;  

(e)
 Set off and apply to the Obligations any and all (i) balances and deposits of Borrowers held by Bank, or (ii) indebtedness
at any time owing to or for the credit or the account of Borrowers held by Bank;  

(f)
 Ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale, and sell (in the manner provided
for herein) the Collateral. Bank is hereby granted a license or other right, solely pursuant to the provisions of this Section
9.1, to use, without charge, a Borrower s labels, Patents, Copyrights, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names,
Trademarks, service marks, and advertising matter, or any property of a similar nature, as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing
production of, advertising for sale, and selling any Collateral and, in connection with Bank s exercise of its rights under
this Section 9.1, Borrowers  rights under all licenses and all franchise agreements shall inure to Bank s benefit;  

(g)
 Dispose of the Collateral by way of one or more contracts or transactions, for cash or on terms, in such manner and at such
places (including Borrowers  premises) as Bank determines is commercially reasonable, and apply any proceeds to the Obligations
in whatever manner or order Bank deems appropriate;  

(h)
 Bank may credit bid and purchase at any public sale; and  

(i)
 Any deficiency that exists after disposition of the Collateral as provided above will be paid immediately by Borrowers.  

9.2
Power of Attorney.  Effective only upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Borrower hereby
irrevocably appoints Bank (and any of Bank s designated officers, or employees) as such Borrower s true and lawful
attorney to: (a) send requests for verification of Accounts or notify account debtors of Bank s security interest in the
Accounts; (b) endorse such Borrower s name on any checks or other forms of payment or security that may come into Bank s
possession; (c) sign such Borrower s name on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any Account, drafts against account
debtors, schedules and assignments of Accounts, verifications of Accounts, and notices to account debtors; (d) dispose of any
Collateral; (e) make, settle, and adjust all claims under and decisions with respect to such Borrower s policies of insurance;
(f) settle and adjust disputes and claims respecting the accounts directly with account debtors, for amounts and upon terms which
Bank determines to be reasonable; and (g) to file, in its sole discretion, one or more financing or continuation statements and
amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral. The appointment of Bank as each Borrower s attorney in fact, and
each and every one of Bank s rights and powers, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable until all of the Obligations
have been fully repaid and performed and Bank s obligation to provide Credit Extensions hereunder is terminated.  

9.3
Accounts Collection . At any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, Bank may notify any Person owing funds to Borrowers
of Bank s security interest in such funds and verify the amount of such Account. Borrowers shall collect for Bank all amounts
owing to Borrowers, receive in trust all such payments as Bank s trustee, and immediately deliver such payments to Bank
in their original form as received from the account debtor, with proper endorsements for deposit.  

9.4
Bank Expenses . If Borrowers fail to pay any amounts or furnish any required proof of payment due to third persons or entities,
as required under the terms of this Agreement, then Bank may do any or all of the following after reasonable notice to Borrowers:
(a) make payment of the same or any part thereof; (b) set up such reserves under the a loan facility in Section 2.1 as Bank deems
necessary to protect Bank from the exposure created by such failure; or (c) obtain and maintain insurance policies of the type
discussed in Section 6.7 of this Agreement, and take any action with respect to such policies as Bank deems prudent. Any amounts
so paid or deposited by Bank shall constitute Bank Expenses, shall be immediately due and payable, and shall bear interest at
the then applicable rate hereinabove provided, and shall be secured by the Collateral. Any payments made by Bank shall not constitute
an agreement by Bank to make similar payments in the future or a waiver by Bank of any Event of Default under this Agreement.  

9.5
Bank s Liability for Collateral . So long as Bank complies with reasonable banking practices, Bank shall not in any way
or manner be liable or responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; (b) any loss or damage thereto occurring or arising
in any manner or fashion from any cause; (c) any diminution in the value thereof; or (d) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman,
bailee, forwarding agency, or other person whomsoever. All risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral shall be borne
by Borrowers.  

9.6
Shares . Borrowers recognize that Bank may be unable to effect a public sale of any or all the Shares, by reason of certain
prohibitions contained in federal securities laws and applicable state and provincial securities laws or otherwise, and may be
compelled to resort to one or more private sales thereof to a restricted group of purchasers which will be obliged to agree, among
other things, to acquire such securities for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale
thereof. Borrowers acknowledge and agree that any such private sale may result in prices and other terms less favorable than if
such sale were a public sale and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such private sale shall be deemed to have
been made in a commercially reasonable manner. Bank shall be under no obligation to delay a sale of any of the Shares for the
period of time necessary to permit the issuer thereof to register such securities for public sale under federal securities laws
or under applicable state and provincial securities laws, even if such issuer would agree to do so. Upon the occurrence of an
Event of Default which continues, Bank shall have the right to exercise all such rights as a secured party under the Code as it,
in its sole judgment, shall deem necessary or appropriate, including without limitation the right to liquidate the Shares and
apply the proceeds thereof to reduce the Obligations. Effective only upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default, each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Bank (and any of Bank s designated officers, or employees) as such
Borrower s true and lawful attorney to enforce such Borrower s rights against any Subsidiary, including the right
to compel any Subsidiary to make to the Bank or a Borrower any payments or distributions respecting the Shares which are owing
to such Borrower.  

9.7
Remedies Cumulative . Bank s rights and remedies under this Agreement, the Loan Documents, and all other agreements shall
be cumulative. Bank shall have all other rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as provided under the Code, by law, or
in equity. No exercise by Bank of one right or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by Bank of any Event of Default
on a Borrower s part shall be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by Bank shall constitute a waiver, election, or acquiescence
by it. No waiver by Bank shall be effective unless made in a written document signed on behalf of Bank and then shall be effective
only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given.  

9.8
Demand; Protest . Each Borrower waives demand, protest, notice of protest, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment
and nonpayment, notice of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts,
documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees at any time held by Bank on which Borrowers may in any way be liable.  

10.
  Notices.  

All
notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document
must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt
and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified mail return receipt requested,
with proper postage prepaid; (b) upon transmission, when sent by electronic mail or facsimile transmission; (c) one (1) Business
Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or (d) when delivered, if hand-delivered by messenger,
all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the address, facsimile number, or email address indicated
below. Bank or a Borrower may change its mailing or electronic mail address or facsimile number by giving the other party written
notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this Section 10.  

The
parties hereto may change the address at which they are to receive notices hereunder, by notice in writing in the foregoing manner
given to the other.  

11.
  CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER.  

This
Agreement and all other Loan Documents (except as otherwise expressly provided in any of the Loan Documents) shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflicts
of law. Borrowers and Bank each hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and Federal courts located in the County
of Santa Clara, State of California. BORROWERS AND BANK EACH HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM
OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING
CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY RECOGNIZES AND AGREES
THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR IT TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS
THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING
CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.  

12.
  General Provisions.  

12.1
Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns
of each of the parties; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by a Borrower
without Bank s prior written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in Bank s sole discretion. Bank shall
have the right after the occurrence of an Event of Default without the consent of or notice to Borrowers to sell, transfer, negotiate,
or grant participation in all or any part of, or any interest in, Bank s obligations, rights and benefits hereunder. Prior
to the occurrence of an Event of Default, Bank may sell, transfer, negotiate, or grant participation in all or any part of, or
any interest in, Bank s obligations, rights and benefits hereunder with the consent of the Borrowers which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld; provided however no such consent shall be required if such sale, transfer negotiation or participation
(i) is in connection with the sale or disposition of Bank or all or a portion of Bank s loan portfolio or (ii) does not
result in Western Alliance Bank (or any Affiliate thereof) no longer acting as  Bank  hereunder.  

12.2
Indemnification . Each Borrower shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Bank and its officers, employees, and agents against:
(a) all obligations, demands, claims, and liabilities claimed or asserted by any other party in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; and (b) all losses or Bank Expenses in any way suffered, incurred, or paid by Bank as a result
of or in any way arising out of, following, or consequential to transactions between Bank and a Borrower whether under this Agreement,
or otherwise (including without limitation attorneys  fees and expenses), except for losses caused by Bank s gross
negligence or willful misconduct.  

12.3
Time of Essence . Time is of the essence for the performance of all obligations set forth in this Agreement.  

12.4
Severability of Provisions . Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this Agreement
for the purpose of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision.  

12.5
Amendments in Writing, Integration . Neither this Agreement nor the Loan Documents can be amended or terminated orally. All
prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement and the Loan Documents, if any, are merged into this Agreement and the Loan Documents.  

12.6
Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts,
each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
but one and the same Agreement.  

12.7
Survival . All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect so
long as any Obligations remain outstanding or Bank has any obligation to make Credit Extensions to Borrowers. The obligations
of each Borrower to indemnify Bank with respect to the expenses, damages, losses, costs and liabilities described in Section 12.2
shall survive until all applicable statute of limitations periods with respect to actions that may be brought against Bank have
run.  

12.8
Confidentiality . In handling any confidential information Bank and all employees and agents of Bank, including but not limited
to accountants, shall exercise the same degree of care that it exercises with respect to its own proprietary information of the
same types to maintain the confidentiality of any non-public information thereby received or received pursuant to this Agreement
except that disclosure of such information may be made (i) to the subsidiaries or affiliates of Bank in connection with their
present or prospective business relations with each Borrower, (ii) to prospective transferees or purchasers of any interest in
the Credit Extensions who are subject to comparable confidentiality obligations in favor of Borrowers, (iii) as required by law,
regulations, rule or order, subpoena, judicial order or similar order, (iv) as may be required in connection with the examination,
audit or similar investigation of Bank and (v) as Bank may determine in connection with the enforcement of any remedies hereunder.
Confidential information hereunder shall not include information that either: (a) is in the public domain or in the knowledge
or possession of Bank when disclosed to Bank, or becomes part of the public domain after disclosure to Bank through no fault of
Bank; or (b) is disclosed to Bank by a third party, provided Bank does not have actual knowledge that such third party is prohibited
from disclosing such information.  

12.9
Patriot Act Notice . Bank hereby notifies Borrowers that, pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, Title III of
Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law on October 26, 2001) (the  Patriot Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record
information that identifies the Borrowers, which information includes names and addresses and other information that will allow
Bank, as applicable, to identify the Borrowers in accordance with the Patriot Act.  

13.
  Co-Borrowers.  

13.1
Co-Borrowers . Borrowers are jointly and severally liable for the Obligations and Bank may proceed against one Borrower to
enforce the Obligations without waiving its right to proceed against any other Borrower. This Agreement and the Loan Documents
are a primary and original obligation of each Borrower and shall remain in effect notwithstanding future changes in conditions,
including any change of law or any invalidity or irregularity in the creation or acquisition of any Obligations or in the execution
or delivery of any agreement between Bank and any Borrower. Each Borrower shall be liable for existing and future Obligations
as fully as if all of the Credit Extensions were advanced to such Borrower. Bank may rely on any certificate or representation
made by any Borrower as made on behalf of, and binding on, all Borrowers, including without limitation advance request forms and
compliance certificates. Each Borrower appoints each other Borrower as its agent with all necessary power and authority to give
and receive notices, certificates or demands for and on behalf of all Borrowers, to act as disbursing agent for receipt of any
Credit Extensions on behalf of each Borrower and to apply to Bank on behalf of each Borrower for any Credit Extension, any waivers
and any consents. This authorization cannot be revoked, and Bank need not inquire as to one Borrower s authority to act
for or on behalf of another Borrower.  

13.2
Subrogation and Similar Rights . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Borrower
irrevocably waives, until all Obligations are paid in full and Bank has no further obligation to make Credit Extensions to Borrowers,
all rights that it may have at law or in equity (including, without limitation, any law subrogating a Borrower to the rights of
Bank under the Loan Documents) to seek contribution, indemnification, or any other form of reimbursement from any other Borrower,
or any other Person now or hereafter primarily or secondarily liable for any of the Obligations, for any payment made by a Borrower
with respect to the Obligations in connection with the Loan Documents or otherwise and all rights that it might have to benefit
from, or to participate in, any security for the Obligations as a result of any payment made by a Borrower with respect to the
Obligations in connection with the Loan Documents or otherwise. Any agreement providing for indemnification, reimbursement or
any other arrangement prohibited under this Section shall be null and void. If any payment is made to a Borrower in contravention
of this Section, such Borrower shall hold such payment in trust for Bank and such payment shall be promptly delivered to Bank
for application to the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.  

13.3
Waivers of Notice . Each Borrower waives, to the extent permitted by law, notice of acceptance hereof; notice of the existence,
creation or acquisition of any of the Obligations; notice of an Event of Default except as set forth herein; notice of the amount
of the Obligations outstanding at any time; notice of any adverse change in the financial condition of any other Borrower or of
any other fact that might increase a Borrower s risk; presentment for payment; demand; protest and notice thereof as to
any instrument; and all other notices and demands to which a Borrower would otherwise be entitled by virtue of being a co-borrower
or a surety. Each Borrower waives any defense arising from any defense of any other Borrower, or by reason of the cessation from
any cause whatsoever of the liability of any other Borrower. Bank s failure at any time to require strict performance by
any Borrower of any provision of the Loan Documents shall not waive, alter or diminish any right of Bank thereafter to demand
strict compliance and performance therewith. Each Borrower also waives any defense arising from any act or omission of Bank that
changes the scope of a Borrower s risks hereunder. Each Borrower hereby waives any right to assert against Bank any defense
(legal or equitable), setoff, counterclaim, or claims that such Borrower individually may now or hereafter have against another
Borrower or any other Person liable to Bank with respect to the Obligations in any manner or whatsoever.  

13.4
Subrogation Defenses . Until all Obligations are paid in full and Bank has no further obligation to make Credit Extensions
to Borrowers, each Borrower hereby waives any defense based on impairment or destruction of its subrogation or other rights against
any other Borrower and waives all benefits which might otherwise be available to it under California Civil Code Sections 2809,
2810, 2819, 2839, 2845, 2848, 2849, 2850, 2899, and 3433 and California Code of Civil Procedure Sections 580a, 580b, 580d and
726, as those statutory provisions are now in effect and hereafter amended, and under any other similar statutes now and hereafter
in effect.  

13.5
Right to Settle, Release .  

(a)
 The liability of Borrowers hereunder shall not be diminished by (i) any agreement, understanding or representation that any
of the Obligations is or was to be guaranteed by another Person or secured by other property, or (ii) any release or unenforceability,
whether partial or total, of rights, if any, which Bank may now or hereafter have against any other Person, including another
Borrower, or property with respect to any of the Obligations.  

(b)
 Without notice to any given Borrowers and without affecting the liability of any given Borrowers hereunder, Bank may (i) compromise,
settle, renew, extend the time for payment, change the manner or terms of payment, discharge the performance of, decline to enforce,
or release all or any of the Obligations with respect to any other Borrower by written agreement with such other Borrower, (ii)
grant other indulgences to another Borrower in respect of the Obligations, (iii) modify in any manner any documents relating to
the Obligations with respect to any other Borrower by written agreement with such other Borrower, (iv) release, surrender or exchange
any deposits or other property securing the Obligations, whether pledged by a Borrower or any other Person, or (v) compromise,
settle, renew, or extend the time for payment, discharge the performance of, decline to enforce, or release all or any obligations
of any guarantor, endorser or other Person who is now or may hereafter be liable with respect to any of the Obligations.  

13.6
Subordination . All indebtedness of a Borrower now or hereafter arising held by another Borrower is subordinated to the Obligations
and a Borrower holding the indebtedness shall take all actions reasonably requested by Bank to effect, to enforce and to give
notice of such subordination.  

14.
  Notice of Final Agreement. NOTICE OF FINAL AGREEMENT.
BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND AGREES THAT: (A) THIS WRITTEN AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN
THE PARTIES, (B) THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND (C) THIS WRITTEN AGREEMENT MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED
BY EVIDENCE OF ANY PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR UNDERSTANDINGS OF THE PARTIES.  

[signature
page follows]  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.  

BORROWERS :   

UNI-PIXEL,
    INC.    

By:  
       /s/
    Christine Russell    

Name:  
      Christine
    Russell   

Title:  
      CFO   

UNI-PIXEL
    DISPLAYS, INC.    

By:  
       /s/
    Christine Russell    

Name:  
      Christine
    Russell   

Title:  
      CFO   

BANK:    

WESTERN
    ALLIANCE BANK    

By:  
       /s/
    Kelly Cook    

Name:  
      Kelly
    Cook   

Title:  
      Senior
    Vice President   

EXHIBIT
A   

DEBTOR:   
       UNI-PIXEL,
    INC. and UNI-PIXEL DISPLAYS, INC.    

SECURED
    PARTY:   
       WESTERN
    ALLIANCE BANK    

COLLATERAL
DESCRIPTION ATTACHMENT  
 TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT  

All
personal property of each Borrower (herein referred to as  Borrower  or  Debtor ) whether presently existing
or hereafter created or acquired, and wherever located, including, but not limited to:  

(a)
all accounts (including health-care-insurance receivables), chattel paper (including tangible and electronic chattel paper), commercial
tort claims, deposit accounts, documents (including negotiable documents), equipment (including all accessions and additions thereto),
general intangibles (including payment intangibles and software), goods (including fixtures), instruments (including promissory
notes), inventory (including all goods held for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, and including returns
and repossessions), investment property (including securities and securities entitlements), letter of credit rights, money, and
all of Debtor s books and records with respect to any of the foregoing, and the computers and equipment containing said
books and records; and  

(b)
any and all cash proceeds and/or noncash proceeds of any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, insurance proceeds,
and all supporting obligations and the security therefor or for any right to payment. All terms above have the meanings given
to them in the California Uniform Commercial Code, as amended or supplemented from time to time.  

Exhibit
B  

EXIM
ADVANCE REQUEST FORM   

To:  
      WESTERN
    ALLIANCE BANK  

Fax:  
      (408)
    282-1681  

Date:  

From:  
      UNI-PIXEL,
    INC. and UNI-PIXEL DISPLAYS, INC.  

Borrower s
    Name  

Authorized
    Signature  

Authorized
    Signer s Name (please print)  

Phone
    Number  

To
    Account #  

Borrowers
hereby request funding of an EXIM Advance in the amount of $ _______ in accordance with the EXIM Facility as defined in the Loan
and Security Agreement dated October __, 2016 and as amended from time to time (the  Loan Agreement ).  

Borrowers
hereby authorize Bank to rely on facsimile stamp signatures and treat them as authorized by Borrowers for the purpose of requesting
the above advance.  

All
representations and warranties of Borrowers stated in the Loan Agreement are true, correct and complete in all material respects
as of the date of this EXIM Advance Request Form;  provided  that those representations and warranties expressly referring
to another date shall be true, correct and complete in all material respects as of such date.  

Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Loan Agreement.  

EXHIBIT
C  

   EXIM
BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE   

   BRIDGE
BANK   

   55
Almaden Boulevard, San Jose, CA 95113   

BORROWER: UNI-PIXEL, INC. and UNI-PIXEL DISPLAYS, INC.    

EXPORT-RELATED
                                         ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES  

1. 
     Foreign Accounts Receivable Book Value as of : ____________________    
                
     $   ______      
 
     2. 
     Additions (please explain on reverse)    
                
     $   ______      
 
     3. 
     Total Export-Related Accounts Receivables    
                
     $   ______      

DEDUCTIONS:    

4. 
     Less: Accounts with product US Content less than 50%    
     $   _______        

5. 
     Less: Accounts with terms of sale greater than 120 days    
     $   _______        

6. 
     Less: Accounts for whom more than 50% of the A/Rs with terms of sales longer than N120    
     $   _______        

7. 
     Less: Accounts over 60 days past original due date (90 days if insured through EXIM Bank insurance)    
     $   _______        

8. 
     Less: Accounts with 35% over 60 days past invoice due date    
     $   _______        

9. 
     Less: Accounts over 35% concentration of total foreign accounts    
     $   _______        

10. 
     Less: Accounts backed by LCs, not negotiated by Bank or the L/C proceeds not assigned to the
    Bank    
     $   _______        

11. 
     Less: Military accounts, or arising from sales of defense articles    
     $   _______        

12. 
     Less: Accounts associated with nuclear power, enrichment, reprocessing, research or heavy water
    production facilities    
     $   _______        

13. 
     Less: Contra Accounts, customer deposits or credit accounts    
     $   _______        

14. 
     Less: Promotion, Demo or Consignment Accounts, Bill and Hold, or any account where payment is
    conditional or subject to acceptance (Retainage Accounts)    
     $   _______        

15. 
     Less: Inter-company/Employee and Affiliate Accounts    
     $   _______        

16. 
     Less: Disputed Accounts    
     $   _______        

17. 
     Less: Accounts excluded under the EXIM Borrower Agreement or the Loan and Security Agreement    
     $   _______        

18. 
     Less: Arising from inventory not originally located in and shipped from the US    
     $   _______        

19. 
     Less: Accounts not subject to a perfected first priority security interest    
     $   _______        

20. 
     Less: Accounts from sales not in the ordinary course of business    
     $   _______        

21. 
     Less: Accounts not owned by Borrower or with offsetting claims    
     $   _______        

22. 
     Less: Accounts without invoices or export orders    
     $   _______        

23. 
     Less: Accounts billed and collected outside U.S. (except as may be approved in writing by EXIM
    Bank)    
     $   _______        

24. 
     Less: Accounts billed in non U.S. currency    
     $   _______        

25. 
     Less: Accounts in countries prohibited by EXIM as designated in the most current Country Limitation
    Schedule    
     $   _______        

26. 
     Less: Accounts backed by L/C, goods have not been shipped or services have not been delivered    
     $   _______        

27. 
     Less: Accounts determined doubtful or Buyer is insolvent or in Bankruptcy    
     $   _______        

28. 
     Less: Accounts covering items which have been returned, rejected, or repossessed    
     $   _______        

29. 
     Less: Any deduction of sales price arising from sales contracts or agreements    
     $   _______        

30. 
     Less: Accounts covering goods or service which have not been accepted or which do not represent
    final sales for any reason.    
     $   _______        

31. 
     Less: Accounts included as eligible receivable under any other credit facility to which Borrower
    is a party    
     $   _______        

32. 
     Less: Accounts from sales of Capital Goods    
     $   _______        

33. 
     Less: Others    

34. 
     Add: Lines 4 through 33 - Total Ineligible Export- Related Accounts Receivables    
                
     $   _______      

35. 
     NET ELIGIBLE EXPORT-RELATED ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE    

36. 
     Export-Related Account Receivable Advance Rate    
        90  %    

37. 
     TOTAL EXIM A/R BORROWING BASE    
     $    _______         

38. 
     MAXIMUM EXIM LOAN AMOUNT    
     $  2,500,000       

39. 
     Less: Current Loan Outstanding on EXIM Line of Credit    

40. 
     Less: Reserves under International Sublimit    
                
     $   ______      

41. 
     AVAILABLE FOR DRAW/NEED TO PAY    
                
     $   ______      

If line #41 is a negative number, this amount must be
    remitted to the Bank immediately to bring loan balance into compliance.    

The
undersigned represents and warrants that as of the date hereof the foregoing is true, complete and correct, that the information
reflected in this EXIM Borrowing Base Certificate complies with the representations and warranties set forth in the  Loan and
Security Agreement , between Borrower and Bank, and the EXIM Borrower Agreement, executed by Borrower and acknowledged by Bank,
each dated  October __, 2016 , as may be amended from time to time, as if all representations and warranties were made as
of the date hereof, and that Borrower is, and shall remain, in full compliance with its agreements, covenants, and obligations
under such agreements. Such representations and warranties include, without limitation, the following: Borrower is using disbursements
only for the purpose of enabling Borrower to finance the cost of manufacturing, purchasing or selling items intended for export.
Borrower is not using disbursements for the purpose of: (a) servicing any of Borrower s unrelated pre-existing or future
indebtedness; (b) acquiring fixed assets or capital goods for the use of Borrower s business; (c) acquiring, equipping,
or renting commercial space outside the United States; or (d) paying salaries of non-U.S. citizens or non-U.S. permanent residents
who are located in the offices of the United States. Additionally, disbursements are not being used to finance the manufacture,
purchase or sale of all of the following: (a) Items to be sold to a buyer located in a country in which the Export Import Bank
of the United States is legally prohibited from doing business; (b) that part of the cost of the items which is not U.S. Content
unless such part is not greater than fifty percent (50%) of the cost of the items and is incorporated into the items in the United
States; (c) defense articles or defense services or items directly or indirectly destined for use by military organizations designed
primarily for military use (regardless of the nature or actual use of the items); or (d) any items to be used in the construction,
alteration, operation or maintenance of nuclear power, enrichment, reprocessing, research or heavy water production facilities.  

Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Loan and Security Agreement.  

Borrower
hereby request funding in the amount of $___________in accordance with this EXIM Borrowing Base Certificate. All representations
and warranties of Borrower stated in the Loan and Security Agreement are true, correct, and complete in all material respects
as of the date of this EXIM Borrowing Base Certificate; provided that those representations and warranties expressly referring
to another date shall be true, correct, and complete in all material respects as of such date.  

The
undersigned also certifies that any interest in any copyrights (whether registered, or unregistered), patents or trademarks, and
licenses have been specifically disclosed to the Bank in writing.   

Date:  

Prepared
    By:  

Date:  

Bank
    Reviewed:  

Exhibit
D  

Compliance
Certificate  

TO:    WESTERN
                                         ALLIANCE BANK  

FROM:    UNI-PIXEL,
                                         INC. and UNI-PIXEL DISPLAYS, INC.  

The
undersigned authorized officer of  UNI-PIXEL, INC.,  on behalf of itself and all other
Borrowers, hereby certifies that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan and Security Agreement between Borrowers
and Bank (the  Agreement ), (i) each Borrower is in complete compliance for the period ending _______________ with
all required covenants except as noted below and (ii) all representations and warranties of Borrowers stated in the Agreement
are true and correct as of the date hereof. Attached herewith are the required documents supporting the above certification, if
applicable. The Officer further certifies that the financial statements and financial information provided hereunder are prepared
in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and are consistently applied from one period to the next except
as explained in an accompanying letter or footnotes.  

Please
indicate compliance status by circling Yes/No under  Complies  column.   

Reporting
    Covenant   
       
       Required   
       
       Complies    

A/R
      A/P Agings by invoice date  
       
      Monthly
    within 30 days  
       
      Yes  
       
      No   
 
      Aged
    listing by due date aging for export Related A/R  
       
      Monthly
    within 30 days  
       
      Yes  
       
      No   
 
      EXIM
    Borrowing Base Certificate  
       
      Monthly
    within 30 days  
       
      Yes  
       
      No   
 
      Consolidated
    financial statements (with Compliance Certificate)  
       
      Quarterly
    within 45 days  
       
      Yes  
       
      No   
 
      Compliance
    Certificate  
       
      Monthly
    within 30 days  
       
      Yes  
       
      No   
 
      Annual
    audited financial statements  
       
      FYE
    within 180 days  
       
      Yes  
       
      No   
 
      Tax
    Returns with Schedules  
       
      Within
    5 days of filing  
       
      Yes  
       
      No   
 
      Annual
    operating budget, sales projections and operating plans reviewed by board of directors  
       
      Annually
    no later than 30 days after the beginning of each fiscal year  
       
      Yes  
       
      No   

A/R
    Audit  
       
      Initial
    and Semi-Annual  
       
      Yes  
       
      No   

More
    than 50% US content of product costs  
       
      (Quarterly
    certification)  
       
      Yes  
       
      No   

Deposit balances with Bank    
     $   ___________________      

Deposit balance outside Bank    
     $   ___________________      

Comments
    Regarding Exceptions:  See Attached.  
         
       BANK
    USE ONLY    

Received
    by:  

Sincerely,  

AUTHORIZED
    SIGNER   

Date:  

Verified:  

SIGNATURE  

AUTHORIZED
    SIGNER   

Date:  

TITLE  

Compliance
    Status  
      Yes                          No   

DATE  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION   

I,
Jeff A. Hawthorne, Principal Executive Officer of Uni-Pixel, Inc. certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Uni-Pixel, Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

November
    10, 2016  

By:
      
       /s/
    Jeff A. Hawthorne    

Chief
    Executive Officer and President  

Principal
    Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION   

I,
Christine Russell, Chief Financial Officer of Uni-Pixel, Inc. certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Uni-Pixel, Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

November
    10, 2016  

By:
      
       /s/
    Christine A. Russell    

Chief
    Financial Officer  

Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Uni-Pixel, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jeff A. Hawthorne,
Chief Executive Officer, President and Principal Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m or 78o(d)); and   

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:
    November 10, 2016   
      By:  
       /s/
    Jeff A. Hawthorne     

Jeff
    A. Hawthorne, Chief Executive Officer,   

President
    and Principal Executive Officer   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Uni-Pixel,
Inc. and will be retained by Uni-Pixel, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the
Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Uni-Pixel, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September
30, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Christine Russell,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m or
78o(d)); and   

The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date:
    November 10, 2016   
      By:  
       /s/
    Christine A. Russell     

Christine
    A. Russell, Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Uni-Pixel,
Inc. and will be retained by Uni-Pixel, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the
Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 unxl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 unxl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 unxl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 unxl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 unxl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 unxl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

