<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1089511_0001193125-16-759218_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4486531</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142449</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>284655</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>786878</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1880611</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1144507</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>38</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-759218.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103194103
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-759218
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001089511
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				522126573
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28167
		FILM NUMBER:		161973346

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 TELEPHONE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		-
		CITY:			ANCHORAGE
		STATE:			AK
		ZIP:			99503
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9072973000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 TELEPHONE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		-
		CITY:			ANCHORAGE
		STATE:			AK
		ZIP:			99503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALEC HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990624

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-759218.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 d233949d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                      .   
  Commission File Number: 000-28167        
       ALASKA
COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  52-2126573   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    600 Telephone Avenue, Anchorage, Alaska 99503-6091   
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)   
  (907) 297-3000   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       As of October 28, 2016, there were outstanding
51,358,498 shares of Common Stock, $.01 par value, of the registrant.          

Table of Contents  

     TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page   Number  

PART I.  
   
   Financial Information    

Item 1. 
   
  Financial Statements:  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) As of September 30, 2016 and
 December 31, 2015   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) For the Three
 and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

4 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity (Unaudited) For the
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   

5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) For the Nine Months
 Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)   

7 

Item 2. 
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

21 

Item 3. 
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

42 

Item 4. 
   
    Controls and Procedures   

43 

PART II.  
   
   Other Information   

Item 1. 
   
    Legal Proceedings   

44 

Item 1A. 
   
    Risk Factors   

44 

Item 2. 
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

45 

Item 3. 
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

45 

Item 4. 
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

45 

Item 5. 
   
    Other Information   

45 

Item 6. 
   
    Exhibits   

45 

Signatures   

46 
     
   Exhibit 31.1    Exhibit 31.2  
 Exhibit 32.1    Exhibit 32.2  
 Exhibit 101.INS    Exhibit 101.SCH  
 Exhibit 101.CAL    Exhibit 101.DEF  
 Exhibit 101.LAB    Exhibit 101.PRE  
      2  

Table of Contents  

PART I.  
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION         

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP,
INC.      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       
    See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      3  

Table of Contents  

     ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       
    See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      4  

Table of Contents  

     ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity   
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       
    See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      5  

Table of Contents  

     ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands)       
    See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      6  

Table of Contents  

     ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

1.  
  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc. ( we ,
 our ,  us , the  Company  and  Alaska Communications ), a Delaware corporation, through its operating subsidiaries, provides broadband telecommunication and managed information technology ( managed
IT ) services to customers in the State of Alaska and beyond using its telecommunications network.    The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements represent the consolidated financial position, comprehensive income and cash flows of Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc. and the following wholly-owned subsidiaries:  

Alaska Communications Systems
Holdings, Inc. ( ACS Holdings )  
    
           Crest Communications Corporation   

WCI Cable, Inc.   
 
           ACS of Alaska, LLC ( ACSAK )  
    
           WCIC Hillsboro, LLC   
 
           ACS of the Northland, LLC
( ACSN )  
    
           Alaska Northstar Communications, LLC   

ACS of Fairbanks, LLC ( ACSF )  
    
           WCI LightPoint, LLC   
 
           ACS of Anchorage, LLC ( ACSA )  
    
           World Net Communications, Inc.   
 
           ACS Wireless, Inc. ( ACSW )  
    
           Alaska Fiber Star, LLC   
 
           ACS Long Distance, LLC
( ACSLD )  
    
           TekMate, LLC ( TekMate )   
 
           ACS Internet, LLC ( ACSI )  

ACS Messaging, Inc. ( ACSM )  

ACS Cable Systems, LLC ( ACSC )  

In addition to the wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Company has a fifty percent interest in ACS-Quintillion JV, LLC, a joint
venture formed by its wholly-owned subsidiary ACS Cable Systems, LLC and Quintillion Holdings, LLC ( QHL ) in connection with the North Slope fiber optic network. See Note 3   Joint Venture   for additional information. The
Company previously owned a one-third interest in the Alaska Wireless Network, LLC ( AWN ) which was represented in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements as an equity method investment through February 1, 2015. On
February 2, 2015, the Company sold this one-third interest in connection with the sale of its wireless operations. See Note 2   Sale of Wireless Operations   for additional information.  
  Basis of Presentation     The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements and notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and should be read in
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. The Company believes the disclosures
made are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.    The Company has consolidated the financial results of the joint venture with QHL
based on its determination that, for accounting purposes, it holds a controlling financial interest in the joint venture and is the primary beneficiary of this variable interest entity. The Company has accounted for and reported QHL s 50
percent ownership interest in the joint venture as a noncontrolling interest. See Note 3   Joint Venture   for additional information.    In
the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all normal, recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the consolidated financial position, comprehensive income and cash flows for all periods
presented. Comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, is not necessarily indicative of comprehensive income which might be expected for the entire year or any other interim periods. The balance sheet at
December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements as of that date but does not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. Certain reclassifications have been made to the
prior year financial statements to conform to the current year presentation.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

1.  
  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)         
   Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes, including estimates of probable losses and expenses. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.  
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements     In the first
quarter of 2016, the Company adopted Accountings Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-05,   Intangibles   Goodwill and Other   Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40), Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud
Computing Arrangement   ( ASU 2015-05 ). The amendments in this update provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software
license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should
account for the arrangement as a service contract. As provided by ASU 2015-05, the Company adopted the update prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified beginning in 2016. Adoption of ASU 2015-05 did not have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016.     Accounting
Pronouncements Issued Not Yet Adopted     In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2014-09,
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   ( ASU 2014-09 ). The amendments in ASU 2014-09 require that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In July 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 from annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 to
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing   ( ASU 2016-10 ). This
update provides further guidance on two aspects of Topic 606: (i) identifying performance obligations; and (ii) implementation of licensing guidance. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606), Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients   ( ASU 2016-12 ). This update (i) clarifies the objective of the collectability criterion; (ii) permits an entity to exclude amounts collected from customers for all sales
and other similar taxes from the transaction price; (iii) specifies that the measurement date for noncash consideration is contract inception; (iv) provides a practical expedient for addressing contract modifications; (v) clarifies the definition of
a completed contract for transition purposes; and (vi) clarifies certain retrospective adoption guidance. ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 do not change the core principles of the guidance in Topic 606. The Company currently expects to complete its
evaluation of the effect ASU 2014-09 and subsequent updates will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures during the fourth quarter of 2016. The Company has not yet selected and adoption date or a transition method.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ). The amendments in ASU 2016-09 simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or
liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Provisions include (i) all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies should be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement; (ii) the tax effects of exercised or
vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur; (iii) an entity should recognize excess tax benefits regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period; (iv) excess tax
benefits should be classified as an operating activity; (v) an entity may make an accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur; (vi) the threshold to qualify
for equity classification permits withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rates; and (vii) cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity. ASU 2016-09 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years. Adoption will be applied prospectively, retrospectively or using a modified  
      8  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

1.  
  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)         
  
retrospective method as required by the specific provisions. The Company currently intends to adopt the provisions of ASU 2016-09 in 2017 and does not currently expect that adoption will have a
material effect on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of
Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   ( ASU 2016-15 ). The amendments in this update address eight specific cash flow classification issues for which current GAAP either is unclear or
does not include specific guidance, and for which there exists diversity in practice: Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are
insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life
insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance
principle. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. Adoption is to be applied using a retrospective
transition method to each period presented. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-15 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, and does not currently expect the effect to be material.  
 In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16,   Income Taxes (Topic 740), Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  
( ASU 2016-16 ). The amendments in this update provide that an entity should recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Current guidance prohibits the
recognition of current and deferred income taxes for such transfers until the asset has been sold to an outside party. ASU 2016-16 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those years. Early
adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual reporting period. The amendments in this update should be applied on a modified retrospective basis. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-16 will have on its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures.      

2.  
  SALE OF WIRELESS OPERATIONS       On December 4, 2014, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement
to sell to General Communication, Inc. ( GCI ), ACSW s interest in AWN and substantially all the assets and subscribers used primarily in the wireless business of Alaska Communications and its affiliates (the  Wireless
Sale ). The transaction was completed on February 2, 2015, and a gain of $48,232 was recorded in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The following table provides the calculation of the gain:  
   
   Cash proceeds on the sale in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 were $285,160, of which $240,472 was used to pay
down the Company s 2010 Senior Secured Credit Facility. The gain and cash proceeds reflected resolution of adjustments for certain working capital assets and liabilities, minimum subscriber levels, preferred distributions and other items. Cash
held in escrow at September 30, 2015 of $228 was disbursed to the Company in the fourth quarter of 2015 upon timely completion of certain backhaul orders. These backhaul orders consisted of services rendered by the Company in the normal course of
business, and the resulting profit margin was consistent with that typically generated from such services. Accordingly, the $228 was recorded as revenue in the fourth quarter of 2015.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

2.  
  SALE OF WIRELESS OPERATIONS (Continued)         
  The following table provides the final calculation of the gain recorded in 2015:  
   
   In connection with its decision to sell its wireless operations, the Company incurred a number of transaction related and
wind-down costs in 2015. In addition, costs were incurred in connection with plans associated with synergies and future cost reductions resulting from the Company becoming a more focused broadband and managed IT services company. The costs incurred
for wind-down and synergy activities include those associated with workforce reductions, termination of retail store and other contracts, and other associated obligations that meet the criteria for reporting as exit obligations under Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 420,   Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations   ( ASC 420 ). The Company also incurred costs associated with termination benefits accounted for under ASC 712,   Compensation  
Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits   ( ASC 712 ). Significant wind-down costs included contract termination costs associated with retail store leases. These obligations included costs associated with the disposal of capital
lease assets and liabilities and costs to vacate operating leases.    The following table summarizes the Company s current obligations for exit
activities, including costs accounted for under both ASC 420 and ASC 712, as of and for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. No further charges under these plans are expected.  
   
   The exit liability is included in  Accounts payable, accrued and other current liabilities  on the Company s
 Consolidated Balance Sheets .      

3.  
  JOINT VENTURE       In the second quarter of 2015, the Company entered into a series of transactions
including the acquisition of a fiber optic network on the North Slope of Alaska and the establishment of a joint venture with QHL. The network enables commercially-available, high-speed connectivity where only high-cost microwave and satellite
communications was previously available. Through the Alaska Communications and QHL joint venture, this network has been made available to other telecom carriers in the market.  
  Acquisition of Fiber Optic Network     The Company, through
its wholly-owned subsidiary ACS Cable Systems, LLC, acquired a fiber optic cable system (including conduit, licenses, permits and right-of-ways) running from the Kuparuk Operating Center to  
      10  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

3.  
  JOINT VENTURE (Continued)         
  
the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System Pump Station #1 (the  Fiber Optic System ). The purchase price was $11,000, $5,500 of which was paid by the Company at closing and the balance of which
was paid on April 7, 2016. The Company sold to the previous owner a 30 year IRU on certain fibers from the Fiber Optic System. The sales price was $400, all of which was paid at closing. The Company also entered into agreements for the exchange of
IRUs, pipeline access, conduit and future capacity, and the prepayment of certain fees and services.     Transactions with QHL   
 The Company sold certain fiber strands from the Fiber Optic System to QHL for $5,300, $2,650 of which was paid to the Company by QHL at closing and the balance
of which was paid on March 31, 2016. The Company and QHL also exchanged 30 year IRU agreements.     Formation of Joint Venture   
 On April 2, 2015, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary ACS Cable Systems, LLC, entered into a joint venture agreement with QHL to form
ACS-Quintillion JV, LLC (the  Joint Venture ) for the purpose of expanding the fiber optic network, and making the network available to other telecom carriers. The Joint Venture may also participate in and facilitate other capital and
service initiatives in the telecom industry. The Company and QHL each contributed to the Joint Venture IRUs with a combined value of $1,844 ($922 by each party). Each party also contributed cash of $250. The Company contributed an additional IRU
with a value of $461. In the first quarter of 2016, the Company and QHL executed an amendment to the operating agreement which provides the Company access to 50 percent of the Joint Venture s initial in-field lit capacity in compensation for
the Company s contribution of the additional IRU at the Joint Venture s formation. This amendment is effective as of the establishment date of the Joint Venture on April 2, 2015. In the second quarter of 2016, the Company and QHL each
made an additional $75 capital contribution to the Joint Venture. The Company and QHL each hold a 50 percent voting interest in the Joint Venture.    The
Company determined that the Joint Venture is a Variable Interest Entity as defined in ASC 810,   Consolidation .  The Company consolidates the financial results of the Joint Venture based on its determination that, the 50 percent
voting interest of each party notwithstanding, for accounting purposes it holds a controlling financial interest in, and is the primary beneficiary of, the Joint Venture. This determination was based on (i) the Company s expected future
utilization of certain assets of the Joint Venture in the operation of the Company s business; (ii) the Company  engineering, design, installation, service and maintenance expertise in the telecom industry and its existing relationships
and presence in the Alaska telecom market are expected to be significant factors in the successful operation of the Joint Venture; and (iii) the Company s role as Joint Venture manager and its right to a management fee equal to a percentage of
the Joint Venture s collected gross revenue. There was no gain or loss recognized by the Company on the initial consolidation of the Joint Venture. The Company has accounted for and reported QHL s 50 percent ownership interest in the Joint
Venture as a noncontrolling interest.    The table below provides certain financial information about the Joint Venture included on the Company s
consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Cash may be utilized only to settle obligations of the Joint Venture. Because the Joint Venture is an LLC, its creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the
Company. The carrying value of fiber and IRUs at September 30, 2016 reflects a $461 reduction associated with the capacity granted to the Company in connection with the amendment to the operating agreement discussed above.  
   
   The operating results and cash flows of the Joint Venture in the nine-month period of 2016 were not material to the
Company s consolidated financial results.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

4.  
  EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENTS       The Company had no equity method investments at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. In the first quarter of 2015, the Company held a one-third interest in AWN through February 2, 2015. See Note 2   Sale of Wireless Operations   for information regarding the Company s sale of its ownership
interest in AWN. The following table provides summarized financial information for AWN for the period January 1 through February 2, 2015:      

(1)  
   Adjusted Free Cash Flow as defined in the Operating Agreement.        

5.  
  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS        Fair Value Measurements   
 The Company has developed valuation techniques based upon observable and unobservable inputs to calculate the fair value of non-current monetary assets and
liabilities. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources and unobservable inputs reflect internal market assumptions. These two types of inputs create the following fair value hierarchy:  

Level 1- Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.        

Level 2- Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose
significant value drivers are observable.        

Level 3- Significant inputs to the valuation model are unobservable.      Financial assets and liabilities are
classified within the fair value hierarchy in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value
measurements requires judgment and may affect the valuation of the assets and liabilities being measured, as well as their level within the fair value hierarchy.  
 The fair values of cash equivalents, restricted cash, other short-term monetary assets and liabilities and capital leases approximate carrying values due to
their nature. The estimated fair value of the Company s 6.25% Convertible Notes due 2018 ( 6.25% Notes ) Notes of $90,335 at September 30, 2016, was estimated based on quoted market prices for identical instruments on dates different
from the market trade date value (Level 2). The carrying value of the 6.25% Notes at September 30, 2016 was $91,247. The estimated fair value and carrying value of the Company s 6.25% Notes were $97,769 and $99,359, respectively at December 31,
2015. The carrying values of the Company s 2015 Senior Credit Facilities and other long-term obligations of $91,140 and $93,746 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, approximate fair value primarily as a result of the
stated interest rates of the 2015 Senior Credit Facilities approximating current market rates (Level 2).    The following table presents the Company s
financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, at each hierarchical level:     
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

5.  
  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)         
   Derivative Financial Instruments   
 The Company currently uses interest rate swaps to manage variable interest rate risk. At low LIBOR rates, payments under the swaps increase the Company s
cash interest expense.    The outstanding amount of the swaps as of a period end are reported on the balance sheet at fair value, represented by the
estimated amount the Company would receive or pay to terminate the swaps, and are valued using models based on readily observable market parameters for all substantial terms of the contracts.  
 As a component of the Company s cash flow hedging strategy and to comply with the terms of the 2015 Senior Credit Facilities, on November 27, 2015, the
Company entered into a pay-fixed, receive-floating interest rate swap in the notional amount of $44,827 with an interest rate of 5.833%, inclusive of a 4.5% LIBOR spread, and a maturity date of December 31, 2017. Hedge designation for this swap was
established on December 18, 2015. The change in fair value between the swap s acquisition date and designation date of $83 was charged to interest expense. Changes in fair value subsequent to the designation date are recorded to accumulated
other comprehensive loss and are reclassified to interest expense when the hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. See Note 9   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss .   
 Interest rate swaps in the notional amounts of $115,500 and $77,000 with interest rates of 7.220% and 7.225%, inclusive of a 4.75% LIBOR spread began on June
30, 2012 and expired on September 30, 2015. On December 4, 2014, upon the announcement of the sale of its wireless operations, $240,472 of the Company s 2010 Senior Credit Facility was expected to be repaid. Hedge accounting treatment on the
interest rate swap in the notional amount of $115,500 was discontinued because it became  possible  that the interest payments on which the swap were intended to hedge would not occur. At February 2, 2015, 95.5% or $110,268 of the $115,500
swap was deemed ineffective and, therefore, changes in fair value through the swap s expiration on September 30, 2015 were recorded to interest expense. Through September 30, 2015, $820 was credited to interest expense for the ineffective
portion.    The following table presents the notional amount, fair value and balance sheet classification of the Company s derivative financial
instruments designated as cash flow hedges as of September 30, 2016 and December, 31, 2015:      
   The following table presents gains and losses before income taxes on the Company s interest rate swaps designated as cash
flow hedges for the three and nine-month periods ending September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

6.  
  CURRENT LIABILITIES       Accounts payable, accrued and other current liabilities consist of the following at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   Advance billings and customer deposits consist of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

7.  
  LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS       Long-term obligations consist of the following at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015:      
   As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate maturities of long-term obligations were as follows:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no amounts outstanding under the $10,000 revolving credit facility component of its
2015 Senior Credit Facilities.    On January 29, 2016, the Company repurchased a portion of its 6.25% Notes in the total principal amount of $10,000 for
cash consideration of $9,750. The net cash settlement of $10,053 included accrued interest and transaction fees totaling $303. The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $336, including the write off of unamortized discounts and debt
issuance costs and the payment of third-party fees, and net of the repurchase discount of $250 and the amount attributable to the equity component.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

8.  
  OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES       Other long-term liabilities consist of the following at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015:      
 
      15  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

9.  
  ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS       The following table summarizes the activity in accumulated other
comprehensive loss for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016:      
   The following table summarizes the reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income for the three and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   Amounts reclassified to net income from our defined benefit pension plan and interest rate swaps have been presented within
 Selling, general and administrative expenses  and  Interest expense,  respectively, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The estimated amount of accumulated other comprehensive loss to be
reclassified to interest expense within the next twelve months is $101. See Note 5   Fair Value Measurements and Derivative Financial Instruments .       

10.  
  STOCK INCENTIVE PLANS       Under the Company s stock incentive plan, stock options, restricted stock,
stock-settled stock appreciation rights, performance share units and other awards may be granted to officers, employees, consultants, and non-employee directors.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

10.  
  STOCK INCENTIVE PLANS (Continued)         
  The following table summarizes the restricted stock unit, long-term incentive award and non-employee director
stock compensation activity for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016:      
   The following table summarizes the performance share unit activity for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016:  
   
   The following table provides selected information about the Company s share-based compensation as of and for the three
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
     
   The Company s income tax provision in the three and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 includes a $413 credit for the realization net operating loss carryforwards for a certain state, partially offset by the establishment of valuation allowances totaling $214 on net operating loss carryforwards for other states as a
result of changes in the Company s apportionment rates for these states. Excluding these discrete items identified in the third quarter, the Company s effective income tax rate would have been 49.2% and 47.7% in the three and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

   Earnings per share are based on the weighted average number of shares of common
stock and dilutive potential common share equivalents outstanding. Basic earnings per share assumes no dilution and is computed by dividing net income attributable to Alaska Communications by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution of securities that could share in the earnings of the Company. Potential common share equivalents include restricted stock granted to employees and deferred shares granted to
directors. The Company includes dilutive stock options based on the  treasury stock method.     Effective in 2015, the Company discontinued use of
the  if converted  method in calculating diluted earnings per share in connection with its contingently convertible debt. The Company s 6.25% Notes are convertible by the holder beginning February 1, 2018 at an initial conversion rate
of 97.2668 shares of common stock per one thousand dollars principal amount of the 6.25% Notes. This is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $10.28 per share of common stock. Given that the Company s current share price is
well below $10.28, the Company does not anticipate that there will be a conversion of the 6.25% Notes into equity. Effective in the first quarter of 2015, the Company determined that it has the intent and ability to settle the principal and interest
payments on its 6.25% Notes in cash over time. This determination was based on (i) the Company s improved liquidity position subsequent to the Wireless Sale, including its performance against the financial ratios defined under the terms of its
then in effect 2010 Senior Credit Facility, reduced levels of debt and increased availability under its revolving credit facility; (ii) its intention to refinance its term loan facility to provide additional borrowing flexibility; and (iii) its
expectations of future operating performance. In the third quarter of 2015, the Company successfully completed the aforementioned refinancing transactions which resulted in a reduction in total borrowings and provided for maturities on the
Company s term loan facilities in 2018 compared with 2016 under the 2010 Senior Credit Facility. Accordingly, 9,143 and 9,246 shares related to the 6.25% Notes have been excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the three
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and 11,088 shares related to the 6.25% Notes were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015.  
 The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:  

Multi-employer Defined Benefit Plan   
 Pension benefits for substantially all of the Company s Alaska-based employees are provided through the Alaska Electrical Pension Fund ( AEPF ).
The Company pays a contractual hourly amount based on employee classification or base compensation to the AEPF. As a multi-employer defined benefit plan, the accumulated benefits and plan assets are not determined for, or allocated separately to,
the individual employer. This plan was not in endangered or critical status during the plan year.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

13.  
  RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued)         
   Defined Benefit Plan   
 The Company has a separate defined benefit plan that covers certain employees previously employed by Century Telephone Enterprise, Inc. ( CenturyTel
Plan ). This plan was transferred to the Company in connection with the acquisition of CenturyTel, Inc. s Alaska properties, whereby assets and liabilities of the CenturyTel Plan were transferred to the ACS Retirement Plan on September 1,
1999. As of September 30, 2016, this plan is not fully funded under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.    The following table
presents the net periodic pension expense for the ACS Retirement Plan for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      

14.  
  SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION       The following table presents supplemental non-cash transaction
information for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
     
   The Company operates its business under a single reportable segment. The
Company s chief operating decision maker assesses the financial performance of the business as follows: (i) revenues are managed on the basis of specific customers and customer groups; (ii) costs are managed and assessed by function and
generally support the organization across all customer groups or revenue streams; (iii) profitability is assessed at the consolidated level; and (iv) investment decisions and the assessment of existing assets are based on the support they provide to
all revenue streams.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited, In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts)       

16.  
  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES       The Company enters into purchase commitments with vendors in the
ordinary course of business. The Company also has long-term purchase contracts with vendors to support the on-going needs of its business. These purchase commitments and contracts have varying terms and in certain cases may require the Company to
buy goods and services in the future at predetermined volumes and at fixed prices.    The Company is involved in various claims, legal actions and
regulatory proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company establishes an accrual when a particular contingency is probable and estimable, and has recorded litigation accruals of $946 at September 30, 2016 against certain current
claims and legal actions. The Company also faces contingencies that are reasonably possible to occur that cannot currently be estimated. The Company believes that the disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the
Company s consolidated financial position, comprehensive income or cash flows. It is the Company s policy to expense costs associated with loss contingencies, including any related legal fees, as they are incurred.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS      FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND ANALYSTS  REPORTS   
 This Form 10-Q and our future filings on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and the documents incorporated therein by reference include forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), as amended. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor
provisions for forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  forward-looking statements  for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including statements about anticipated future operating
and financial performance, financial position and liquidity, growth opportunities and growth rates, pricing plans, acquisition and divestiture opportunities, business prospects, strategic alternatives, business strategies, regulatory and competitive
outlook, investment and expenditure plans, financing needs and availability and other similar forecasts and statements of expectation and statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as  anticipates ,
 believes ,  could ,  estimates ,  expects ,  intends ,  may ,  plans ,  projects ,  seeks ,  should  and variations of these words and similar
expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our
present expectations or projections. Forward-looking statements by us are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions of management and are not guarantees of future performance. Such forward-looking statements may be contained in this
Form 10-Q under Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere. Actual future performance, outcomes, and results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking
statements made by us as a result of a number of important factors. Examples of these factors include (without limitation):      

governmental and public policy changes, including on-going changes in our revenues, or obligations we will assume to receive these revenues, resulting from regulatory actions affecting inter-carrier compensation, and
on-going support for federal and state programs such as lifeline services to our customers and Carrier of Last Resort obligations        

our size, because we are a smaller sized competitor in the markets we serve and we compete against large competitors with substantially greater resources    

the Alaskan economy, which is expected to be impacted by continued low crude oil prices, which, if sustained, are expected to have a significant impact on both the level of spending by the State of Alaska and the level
of investment in resource development projects by major natural resource exploration and development companies in Alaska; both outcomes may impact the economy in the markets we serve and impact our future financial performance    

our ability to maintain our new cost structure as a more focused broadband and managed IT services company following the sale and subsequent wind-down of our Wireless operations. Maintaining our cost reductions is key
to generating cash flow from operating activities. If we fail to maintain these reductions, our financial condition will be impacted        

the cost and availability of future financing, at the terms, and subject to the conditions necessary, to support our business and pursue growth opportunities; our debt could also have negative consequences for our
business; for example, it could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, or limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the telecommunications industry; in addition, our
ability to borrow funds in the future will depend in part on the satisfaction of the covenants in our credit facilities; if we are unable to satisfy the financial covenants contained in those agreements, or are unable to generate cash sufficient to
make required debt payments, the lenders and other parties to those arrangements could accelerate the maturity of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness        

disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of the physical infrastructure, operating systems or devices
that our customers use to access our products and services        

our ability to successfully renegotiate the Company s Master Collective Bargaining Agreement with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local 1547 ( IBEW ) that expires on December 31,
2016. In the event of a work stoppage, we may be required to utilize cash on hand to support the funding of operations during the affected period. The IBEW has brought a petition before the National Labor Relations Board. If successful, there is a
risk that certain other employees may be brought into the bargaining unit creating increased costs that we did not anticipate    
      21  

Table of Contents  

our ability to keep pace with rapid technological developments and changing standards in the telecommunications industry, including on-going capital expenditures needed to upgrade our network to industry competitive
speeds        

our ability to continue to develop attractive, integrated products and services to evolving industry standards, and meet the pressure from competition to offer these services at lower prices    

unanticipated damage to one or more of our undersea fiber optic cables resulting from construction or digging mishaps, fishing boats or other reasons    

structural declines for voice and other legacy services within the telecommunications industry        

a maintenance or other failure of our network or data centers        

a failure of information technology systems        

a third party claim that the Company is infringing upon their intellectual property, resulting in litigation or licensing expenses, or the loss of our ability to sell or support certain products    

unanticipated costs required to fund our post-retirement benefit plans, or contingent liabilities associated with our participation in a multi-employer pension plan    

the success or failure of any future acquisitions or other major transactions        

geologic or other natural disturbances relevant to the location of our operations        

the ability to attract, recruit, retain and develop the workforce necessary for implementing our business plan        

the success of the Company s expansion into managed IT services, including the execution of such services for customers        

the success of our joint venture with Quintillion Holdings, LLC to provide broadband solutions to the North Slope of Alaska        

our internal control over financial reporting may not be effective, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable        

the matters described under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.    
 In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Additional risks that we may
currently deem immaterial or that are not currently known to us could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in this Form 10-Q or our other reports not to occur as described. Except as otherwise required by applicable securities laws,
we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Form 10-Q.  
 Investors should also be aware that while we do, at various times, communicate with securities analysts, it is against our policy to disclose to them any
material non-public information or other confidential information. Accordingly, investors should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by an analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report. To the extent that
reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not our responsibility.     OVERVIEW   
 Over the past five years, through a series of transactions and investments, we have evolved from a wireline and wireless telecom provider to a fiber broadband
and managed IT services provider, primarily to business and wholesale customers in and out of Alaska. We also provide telecommunication services to consumers throughout the state. Our facilities based communications network extends throughout Alaska
and connects to the contiguous states via our two diverse undersea fiber optic cable systems. Our network is among the most expansive in Alaska and forms the foundation of service to our customers.  
  Our Market . Management estimates the telecom market in Alaska to be approximately $1.9 billion, including the wireless market of approximately $400
million. Subsequent to the Company s exit from the wireless market in early 2015, its relevant market is approximately $1.5 billion, including the IT service market of approximately $700 million, the broadband market of approximately $400
million, the managed network services market of approximately $230 million and the voice market of approximately $170 million. Management estimates that over 85% of this market opportunity is from the business and wholesale customer segment.  
  Competition . We operate in a competitive terrestrial wireline market and we estimate our market share to be less than 25% statewide. However, our
revenue performance relative to our largest competitor suggests that we are gaining market share in the markets we are serving.    The sections that follow
provide information about important aspects of our operations and investments and include discussions of our results of operations, financial condition and sources and uses of cash. In addition,  
      22  

Table of Contents  

we have highlighted key trends and uncertainties to the extent practicable. The content and organization of the financial and non-financial data presented in these sections are consistent with
information we use in evaluating our own performance and allocating our resources.     The Alaska Economy   
 We operate in a geographically diverse state with unique characteristics. We monitor the state of the economy and, in doing so, we compare Alaska economic
activity with broader economic conditions. In general, we believe that the Alaska telecommunications market, as well as general economic activity in Alaska, is affected by certain economic factors, which include:  

investment activity in the oil and gas markets and the price of crude oil        

tourism levels        

governmental spending and activity of military personnel        

the price and price trends of bandwidth        

the growth in demand for bandwidth        

decline in demand for voice and other legacy services        

local customer preferences        

unemployment levels        

housing activity and development patterns      We have observed variances in the factors affecting the Alaska
economy as compared to the U.S. as a whole. Some factors, particularly the price of oil and gas, have a greater direct impact on the Alaska economy compared to other macro-economic trends impacting the U.S. economy as a whole.  
 It is estimated that one-third of Alaska s economy is dependent on federal spending, one-third on natural resources, in particular the production of
crude oil, and the remaining one-third on drivers such as tourism, mining, timber, seafood, international air cargo and miscellaneous support services.  
 Alaska s economy is dependent on investment by oil companies, and state tax revenues correlate with the price of oil as the State assesses a tax based on
the retail price of oil that transits the pipeline from the North Slope. During 2014 and 2015, the price of crude oil dropped substantially, which is primarily impacting the state in two ways:  

1. 
 Resource based companies have indicated that, although Alaska is a strategic area of investment, they are reducing their level of spending in the state, and in particular the North Slope, by reducing their operating
costs.  In flight  development projects are continuing, however, should the price of oil remain at its current levels, spending on future development is expected to be lower.    

2. 
 The State of Alaska is expected to incur budget deficits, requiring reduction in state spending across multiple programs. The State of Alaska is not immune to volatility in the price of oil, and has established
multi-year budgetary reserves that mitigate the impact of short term price declines. The State is expecting to reduce spending in its current fiscal year, but the amount of reduction is mitigated by the significant level of reserves on hand. Reduced
spending by the State is expected to have a dampening effect on overall economic activity in the state.      While the economy in Alaska, and
Anchorage in particular, showed resilience in 2015 and the first half of 2016, economists are forecasting that Alaska may experience declining population growth and a weaker job environment in certain employment sectors, including oil and gas,
government, construction and business services, as a result of these dynamics.    Our goal is to continue to generate sector leading revenue growth in this
market through investments in sales, marketing and product development while expanding our broadband network capabilities. We also seek to continuously improve our customer service, and we use the Net Promoter Score ( NPS ) framework to
track the feedback of our customers for virtually all customer interactions. We believe that higher NPS scores will allow us to increasingly provide a differentiated service experience for our customers, which will support our growth. We are also
focused on expanding our margins, and we utilize the LEAN framework to eliminate waste and simplify how we do business.     Regulatory Update   
 The items reported under Part I, Item 1. Business   Regulation in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, are updated as
follows. This section should be read in conjunction with the corresponding items previously disclosed in our Annual Report.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

    US Federal Regulatory Matters    
  Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Services  On March 31, 2016, the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) adopted a Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking seeking comment on updated rules to govern the use and disclosure of Customer Proprietary Network Information in the context of broadband Internet access services, as well as associated customer privacy and data security rules. Until the
FCC adopts final rules in this area, it is difficult for us to assess the cost of compliance or the extent to which these proposals may otherwise affect our business.  
  Lifeline Reform  On April 27, 2016, the FCC released the text of new rules making stand-alone broadband service, as well as bundled voice and data
service packages, eligible for Lifeline support, in addition to traditional voice service. After receiving approval from the Office of Management and Budget, the FCC has now announced that the rules making Lifeline a supported service will take
effect on December 2, 2016    In the same order, the FCC established a process for creating a national Lifeline eligibility verifier, which is expected to
become operational in stages over the next several years, potentially reducing our costs of compliance with Lifeline eligibility certification and recertification rules. This order also eliminated a number of qualifying programs approved by state
regulatory commissions. The United States Telcom Association has requested a waiver of this change until states have modified their regulations.  
  Business Data Services  On May 2, 2016, the FCC released a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, seeking comment on how to define a market for
 business data services,  the level of competition in that market, and potential new regulation of business data services in markets that are not sufficiently competitive, as measured under that new framework. These regulations may
potentially apply both to our traditional circuit-switched dedicated transport services, and more modern packet-based data services, such as Ethernet and Multi-Protocol Label Switching ( MPLS ) services. Until the FCC adopts final rules in
this area, it is difficult for us to assess the cost of compliance or the extent to which these proposals may otherwise affect our business.     Rural
Health Care Universal Service Support Program  The FCC s Rural Health Care Universal Service Support Mechanism provides funding to help make broadband telecommunications and Internet access services provided by the Company and other service
providers affordable for eligible rural health care providers. The program s budget is set at $400 million annually, a significant portion of which is used to assist eligible rural health care providers in Alaska. On August 26, 2016, the
FCC announced that, for the first time, demand for support from this program may exceed the cap in the funding year that began July 1, 2016. If that occurs, then not all rural health care providers that apply for funding from the program may
receive the full amount of funding that they seek. This could reduce the affordability of our services to rural health care providers, and potentially reduce demand for our services from these customers in the future, unless the $400 million budget
is increased.     Connect America Fund Phase II  On October 31, 2016, the FCC released its order for Connect America Fund Phase II ( CAF
II ) for price cap carriers in Alaska. Alaska Communications is the only price cap carrier in Alaska and, under the CAF II order, Alaska Communications will continue to receive approximately $19.7 million annually for the next ten years
(the same amount it receives today as CAF I high cost support), in exchange for providing broadband service to approximately 31,500 locations in unserved and partially served census blocks, representing approximately 26,000 new unserved locations.
     State of Alaska Regulatory Matters      In 2011,
the Regulatory Commission of Alaska adopted regulations reducing intrastate access charges but including support for Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers that continue to have carrier of last resort ( COLR ) responsibilities. This COLR
support is provided from the Alaska Universal Service Fund ( AUSF ). Since these regulations were adopted, the AUSF surcharge was increased from 1.32% to 14.2%. A recent request from the Alaska Universal Service Administrative Company to
increase the surcharge to 15.1% prompted the Regulatory Commission of Alaska ( RCA ) to address its concerns about the increase in the surcharge.  
 The RCA opened a docket investigating the surcharge rate and three dockets on July 27, 2016 to investigate the continued need for COLR funding in competitive
areas. The RCA held a hearing on the surcharge rate and adjudicated a lower rate of 14.2%. Two of the dockets investigating the continued need for COLR funding affect the Fairbanks and Juneau markets. This could impact the Company s future COLR
support. COLR funding will continue until the RCA has completed its investigation.    In response to the FCC s order eliminating Lifeline qualifying
programs approved by state regulatory commissions, the Alaskan telecommunications industry has proposed a waiver of the state qualifying programs to align the state and federal qualifying programs. Alaska Communications anticipates that the RCA will
make a decision prior December 2, 2016 when the new rules go into effect.     Business Plan Core Principles   
 Our results of operations, financial position and sources and uses of cash in the current and future periods reflect our purpose statement:  As your
local-technology partner, Alaska Communications delivers reliable Broadband and Managed IT solutions with exceptional customer service.  To do this we will continue to:      

Create a Workplace That Develops Our People and Celebrates Success   We believe an engaged workforce is critical to our success. We are deeply committed to the development of our people and creating
opportunities for them.    
      24  

Table of Contents  

Create a Consistent Customer Experience Every Time   We strive to deliver service as promised to our customers, and make it right if our customers are not satisfied with what we delivered. We track
virtually every customer interaction and we utilize the Net Promoter Score framework for assessing the satisfaction of our customers.        

Relentlessly Simplify How We Do Business   We believe we must reduce waste, which is defined as any activity that does not add value to its intended customer. Doing so improves the experience we deliver
to our customers. We make investments in technology and process improvement, utilize the LEAN framework, and expect these efforts to meaningfully impact our financial performance in the long-term.    

Offer Broadband Solutions to Our Customers at Work and Home   We are building on strength in designing, building and operating quality broadband networks and providing new products and solutions to our
customers.      We believe we can create value for our shareholders by:  

Driving revenue growth through increasing business broadband and managed IT service revenues,        

Generating Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow growth through cost management, and        

Careful allocation of capital, including selectively investing success based capital into opportunities that generate appropriate return on investment.    
  2016 Operating Initiatives       

Organic revenue growth, driven by Business and wholesale, and continued growth in Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow as one of the lowest levered companies in our industry on a net debt to annual Adjusted EBITDA basis.

Continue improving our service experience to all of our customers in a differentiated manner from our competition.        

Consider strategic opportunities in and out of Alaska that address scale and geographic diversification and reduce the risk of investments made in our company.    

Expand both broadband and managed IT services product capabilities by continued investment in our network and developing new partnerships, offering secure and reliable support for cloud adoption and migration by
businesses, positioning Alaska Communications as the premier cloud enabler for businesses.        

Continue developing new and existing customer relationships, offering both broadband and managed IT services product capabilities to create differentiation, driving continued top line growth in a differentiated manner.

Drive continued improvements in our service delivery organization to shorten service intervals and meet customers  desired due dates.    
  Revenue Sources by Customer Group     We manage our revenues
based on the sale of services and products to the three wireline customer categories listed below. Prior to the Wireless Sale in the first quarter of 2015 we also provided retail wireless services and generated certain revenue streams related to our
ownership in AWN.      

Business and Wholesale (broadband, voice and managed IT services)         

Consumer (broadband and voice services)         

Regulatory (access services, high cost support and carrier termination)         

Wireless and AWN Related     
      25  

Table of Contents  

      Business and Wholesale      
 Providing services to Business and wholesale customers provides the majority of our revenues and is expected to be the primary driver of our growth over the
next few years. Our business customers include small and medium businesses, larger enterprises, and government customers. We were the first Alaska-based carrier to be Carrier Ethernet 2.0 Certified and are currently the only Alaska-based carrier
certified for multipoint-to-multipoint service. This certification means that we meet international standards for the quality of our broadband services. We also offer IP based voice including the largest SIP implementations in the state of Alaska,
and are the first Microsoft Express Route provider in the state. We believe our network differentiates us in the markets we serve, because we prefer not to compete on price; but on the quality, reliability and the overall value of our solutions.
Accordingly, we have significant capacity to  sell into  the network we operate and do so at what we believe are attractive incremental gross margins.  
 Business services have experienced significant growth and we believe the incremental economics of business services are attractive. Given the demand from our
customers for more bandwidth and services, we expect revenue growth from these customers to continue for the foreseeable future. We provide services such as voice and broadband, managed IT services including remote network monitoring and support,
managed IT security and IT professional services, and long distance services primarily over our own terrestrial network. We are also positioning the Company to become the premier Cloud Enabler for business in the state of Alaska. 
 Our wholesale customers are primarily national and international telecommunications carriers who rely on us to provide connectivity for broadband and other
needs to access their customers over our Alaskan network. The wholesale market is characterized by larger transactions that can create variability in our operating performance. We have a dedicated sales team that sells into this customer segment,
and we expect wholesale revenue to grow for the foreseeable future.        Consumer      
 We also provide voice and broadband services to residential customers. Given that our primary competitor has extensive quad play capabilities (video, voice,
wireless and broadband) we target how and where we offer products and services to this customer group in order to maintain our returns. Our focus is to leverage the capabilities of our existing network and sell customers our highest available
bandwidth. Our primary competitive advantage is that we offer reliable internet service without data caps, while our competitor charges customers or throttles customers  speeds for exceeding given levels of data usage. We expect modest declines
in revenues from these customers in the near term and expect them to stabilize within a couple of years.  
     Regulatory        We
provide voice and broadband origination and termination services to inter and intrastate carriers. While we are compensated for these services, these revenue streams have been in decline and we expect them to continue to decline. In addition, as
regulators have reformed traditional access charges, they have simultaneously implemented new end user surcharges that contribute to our revenue.    We also
assess monthly surcharges to our customers, as required by various state and federal regulatory agencies, and then remit these surcharges to these agencies. These surcharges vary from year to year, and are primarily recognized as revenue, and the
remittance as a cost of sale. The rates imposed by the regulators continue to increase. However, because the charges are only assessed on a portion of our services, and that portion continues to decline as a share of our business, we expect these
revenue streams to decline over time as the revenue base declines.    We also receive inter and intrastate universal support funds and similar revenue
streams structured by federal and state regulatory agencies that allow us to recover our costs of providing universal service in Alaska. As a result of changes enacted by or being considered by the FCC, as well as changes being considered by
Alaska s Regulatory Commission of Alaska, certain access revenue streams are undergoing reform and until this process is complete it is difficult to predict the future growth and decline in these revenue streams and the obligations we will need
to undertake in order to qualify for future funding.        Wireless   AWN Related      
 Prior to the Wireless Sale in the first quarter of 2015, we provided wireless voice and broadband services, and other value-added wireless products and
services, such as wireless devices, across Alaska with roaming coverage available in the contiguous states, Hawaii and Canada by utilizing the AWN network.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

   Executive Summary   
 The following summary should be read in conjunction with  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  included in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.      Operating Revenues    
 Total revenue of $56.5 million increased $1.7 million, or 3.2%, in the third quarter of 2016 compared with the third quarter of 2015. Business and wholesale
revenue increased $2.6 million, or 8.3%, driven by broadband growth totaling $3.6 million, or 18.5%. Consumer and regulatory revenue declined $0.6 million and $0.2 million, respectively. Wireless and AWN related revenue, including transition
services revenue, was $13.0 million in the first nine months of 2015. The sale of our Wireless operations was completed in the first quarter of 2015 and no wireless revenues were recorded subsequent to the second quarter of 2015.  
   Operating Income      Operating income of $4.1 million
in the third quarter of 2016 compares with $8.2 million in the third quarter of 2015. The avoidance of storefront exit, severance, wind-down and transaction costs totaling $1.1 million recorded in 2015, lower operating expenses and higher revenues
were offset by the gain of $7.1 million recorded on the Wireless Sale in the third quarter of 2015. These items are discussed in more detail below.  
   Adjusted EBITDA      Adjusted EBITDA of $13.9 million
in the third quarter of 2016 increased $1.3 million, or 10.2%, from $12.6 million in the third quarter of 2015 due primarily to the growth in Business and wholesale revenue and our improved cost structure following the sale and wind-down of our
wireless operations in 2015. We are currently on track to meet our full year 2016 Adjusted EBITDA guidance of approximately $59 million. See  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  for the definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of
Adjusted EBITDA to Net Income. As discussed in  Non-GAAP Financial Measures,  the Company does not provide a reconciliation of guidance for Adjusted EBITDA to Net Income.  
   Operating Metrics      Business broadband average
monthly revenue per user ( ARPU ) of $328.83 in the third quarter of 2016 increased from $268.30 in the third quarter of 2015. Business broadband connections of 15,321 at September 30, 2016, were down from connections of 15,712 at
September 30, 2015. We count connections on a unitary basis regardless of the size of the bandwidth. For example, a customer that has a 10MB connection is counted as one connection as is a customer with a 1MB connection. While we present metrics
related to Business connections, we note that we manage Business and wholesale in terms of new Monthly Recurring Charges ( MRC ) sold. Achievement of sales performance in terms of MRC is the primary operating metric used by management to
measure market performance. For competitive reasons we do not disclose our sales or performance in MRC.    Consumer broadband connections of 33,922 were up
1.3% year over year due to growth in home internet subscribers. Consumer broadband ARPU of $61.03 in the third quarter of 2016 increased from $60.34 in the third quarter of 2015 and $60.91 in the second quarter of 2016.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  The table below provides certain key operating metrics as of or for the periods indicated.  

(1) 
 Business broadband connections have been recast to exclude certain internal use circuits, resulting in higher reported ARPU. Prior period information has been restated to conform to the current presentation.
       Liquidity      We generated cash
from operating activities of $28.4 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared with $5.5 million in the first nine months of 2015. This improvement primarily reflects our improved cost structure and lower payments for Wireless Sale transaction
and wind-down costs, interest and taxes, partially offset by cash distributions received from AWN in 2015.    In the first nine months of 2016, we invested
a total of $32.3 million of cash in capital, including the settlement of items accrued in previous periods, and repurchased a portion of our 6.25% Notes in the principal amount of $10.0 million at a 2.5% discount.  
 Net debt (defined as total debt excluding debt issuance costs less cash and cash equivalents) at September 30, 2016 was $160.5 million compared with $157.1
million at December 31, 2015.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 The revenue information presented in the table below reflects the organization of revenue streams described in  Revenue Sources by Customer Group 
above. Revenues for the third quarter and first nine months of 2015 have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation. The reclassifications include (i) assigning equipment sales and installations to Business and wholesale and Consumer
(included in  Voice and other  and (ii) establishment of a Regulatory revenue category. All amounts are discussed at the consolidated level after the elimination of affiliate revenue and expense.  
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   
   
     Operating Revenue    
  Business and Wholesale     Business and
wholesale revenue of $34.0 million increased $2.6 million, or 8.3%, in the third quarter of 2016 from $31.4 million in the third quarter of 2015. This improvement was primarily driven by a $2.4 million
 
      29  

Table of Contents  

increase from new and existing customers buying or increasing their consumption of bandwidth using our advanced network services such as multi-protocol label switching ( MPLS ),
dedicated Internet and Enhanced Metro Ethernet. Although business broadband connections have declined, business broadband ARPU drove overall revenue growth and reflects customer demand for increasing amounts of bandwidth. Business broadband ARPU
increased to $328.83 in the third quarter of 2016 from $268.30 in the third quarter of 2015, an increase of 22.6%. Wholesale broadband revenue increased $1.2 million and Managed IT services revenue increased $0.4 million year over year. These
increases were partially offset by a $0.9 decrease in equipment sales and installations, and a $0.5 million total decrease in voice and other revenue due in part to 3,836 fewer connections year over year. Business voice ARPU of $23.78 in 2016 was up
marginally compared with $23.66 in 2015.     Consumer   
 Consumer revenue of $9.4 million decreased $0.6 million, or 6.0%, in the third quarter of 2016. Broadband revenue increased marginally year
over year as a result of a 434, or 1.3%, increase in connections and a 1.1% increase in ARPU to $61.03 from $60.34 in the prior year. The effect of customers subscribing to higher levels of bandwidth speeds was largely offset by the effect of
customers moving to the Company s one price, unlimited home internet package beginning in the third quarter of 2015. Voice and other revenue decreased $0.6 million primarily due to 4,697 fewer connections and a decrease in ARPU to $28.25 from
$29.09 in the prior year. The downward trend in connections is expected to continue as more customers discontinue using their fixed landline voice service and move to wireless alternatives.  
  Regulatory     Regulatory revenue of $13.1
million decreased $0.2 million, or 1.9%, in the third quarter of 2016 from $13.3 million in the third quarter of 2015 due to a decline in access revenue caused primarily by lower eligible access lines combined with lower rates.  
  Wireless and AWN Related     The Company
recorded no Wireless and AWN related revenue in the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 as a result of the sale of its wireless operations effective February 2, 2015 and subsequent wind-down during 2015.  
   Operating Expenses       Cost of Services and Sales,
Non-Affiliates     Cost of services and sales, non-affiliates of $25.4 million increased $0.7 million, or 2.9%, in the third quarter of
2016 from $24.7 million in the third quarter of 2015. This increase reflects a $0.5 million increase in circuit installation costs for new customers recorded in the third quarter of 2016, partially offset by a $0.4 million reduction in labor costs
resulting from our new cost structure.     Selling, General and Administrative   
 Selling, general and administrative expenses of $18.1 million decreased $2.3 million, or 11.2%, in the third quarter of 2016 from $20.4 million
in the third quarter of 2015. This decrease reflects severance costs of $1.1 million recorded in the third quarter of 2015 associated with the wireless sale and a $0.9 million year over year reduction in salaries and benefits resulting from our new
cost structure.     Depreciation and Amortization   
 Depreciation and amortization expense of $8.7 million increased $0.2 million, or 3.2%, in the third quarter of 2016 from $8.5 million in the
third quarter of 2015 due primarily to asset additions associated with projects on the North Slope of Alaska and our Joint Venture with QHL, partially offset by the sale of wireless assets in 2015.  
  Loss (Gain) on Disposal of Assets, Net   
 The $0.1 million net loss on the disposal of assets in the third quarter of 2016 was associated with cancelled capital projects. The gain on
the disposal of assets of $7.0 million in the third quarter of 2015 consisted of a $7.1 million gain on the sale of our wireless operations associated with the settlement agreement entered into with GCI effective August 4, 2015, partially offset by
losses of $0.1 million associated with abandoned and cancelled capital projects.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

    Other Income and Expense    
 Interest expense of $3.9 million in the third quarter of 2016 decreased $0.2 million compared with $4.1 million in the same period of 2015.This
decrease was due primarily to lower outstanding debt and effective interest rates year over year resulting from our 2015 refinancing transactions completed on September 14, 2015 and repurchase of a portion of our 6.25% Notes in January 2016 and
September 2015. The $2.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt in the third quarter of 2015 consisted of $1.3 million associated with the early repayment of our 2010 Senior Credit Facility and $0.9 million associated with the repurchase of a
portion of our 6.25% Notes.      Income Taxes    
 The income tax benefit of $0.1 recorded in the third quarter of 2016 reflected a $0.4 million benefit for the realization of certain state net
operating loss carryforwards upon the filing of the 2015 return, largely offset by the establishment of valuation allowances totaling $0.2 million on net operating loss carryforwards for other states. Excluding these discrete items identified during
the third quarter, the Company s effective tax rate was approximately 49% in the third quarter of 2016. Income tax expense and the effective tax rate were $0.7 million and 35.5%, respectively, in the third quarter of 2015.  
   Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest    
 The net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest of our joint venture with QHL, which was formed in the second quarter of 2015, was $34
thousand and $37 thousand in the third quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively.      Net Income Attributable to Alaska Communications    
 Net income attributable to Alaska Communications of $0.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 compares with $1.2 million in the same period of
2015. The year over year results reflect the revenue and expense items discussed above.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   
   
     Operating Revenue    
  Business and Wholesale     Business and
wholesale revenue of $101.4 million increased $8.8 million, or 9.6%, in the nine-month period of 2016 from $92.6 million in the nine-month period of 2015. This improvement was primarily driven by a $6.6 million increase from new and existing
customers buying or increasing their consumption of bandwidth using our advanced network services such as MPLS, dedicated Internet and Enhanced Metro Ethernet. Although business broadband connections have declined marginally, business broadband ARPU
drove  
      32  

Table of Contents  

overall revenue growth and reflects customer demand for increasing amounts of bandwidth. Business broadband ARPU increased to $317.45 in the nine-month period of 2016 from $262.47 in the
nine-month period of 2015, an increase of 20.9%. Wholesale broadband revenue increased $2.9 million and Managed IT services revenue increased $0.7 million year over year. These increases were partially offset by a $1.3 million total decrease in
voice and other revenue due in part to 3,836 fewer connections year over year. Business voice ARPU of $23.76 in 2016 increased marginally compared with $23.37 in 2015.  
  Consumer     Consumer revenue of $28.4
million decreased $2.0 million, or 6.5%, in the nine-month period of 2016. Broadband revenue decreased $0.9 million to $18.6 million in 2016 from $19.5 million in 2015 due to a decrease in ARPU from $61.43 to $60.65, largely offset by a 434 increase
in connections year over year. The effect of customers subscribing to higher levels of bandwidth speeds was partially offset by the effect of customers moving to the Company s one price, unlimited home internet package beginning in the third
quarter of 2015. Voice and other revenue decreased $1.1 million primarily due to 4,697 fewer connections, partially offset by an increase in ARPU to $28.87 from $27.43 in the prior year. The downward trend in connections is expected to continue as
more customers discontinue using their fixed landline voice service and move to wireless alternatives.     Regulatory   
 Regulatory revenue of $39.2 million decreased $1.0 million, or 2.5%, in the nine-month period of 2016 from $40.2 million in the nine-month
period of 2015 due to a $1.2 million decline in access revenue caused primarily by lower eligible access lines combined with lower rates, partially offset by a one-time $0.2 million increase in high cost support.  
  Wireless and AWN Related     Wireless and
AWN related revenue of $13.0 million in the nine-month period of 2015 included service, equipment sales and other revenue of $6.3 million, transition services revenue of $4.8 million associated with the Company providing certain retail services to
its previous wireless customers for an interim period following the sale, and Competitive Eligible Telecommunications Carrier ( CETC ) revenue of $1.7 million. The Company recorded no Wireless and AWN related revenue in 2016 as a result of
the sale of its wireless operations effective February 2, 2015 and subsequent wind-down during 2015.      Operating Expenses    
  Cost of Services and Sales, Non-Affiliates   
 Cost of services and sales, non-affiliates of $77.1 million decreased $4.0 million, or 4.9%, in the nine-month period of 2016 from $81.1
million in the nine-month period of 2015. This decrease reflects storefront exit and other wind-down costs of $4.7 million recorded in the nine-month period of 2015 associated with the sale of our wireless operations, a $0.9 million reduction in
labor costs resulting from our new cost structure and the avoidance of $1.2 million of wireless devise and accessory costs recorded in 2015. These items were partially offset by a $2.3 million increase in circuit installation costs for new customers
recorded in the nine-month period of 2016.     Cost of Services and Sales, Affiliates   
 Cost of services and sales, affiliates were zero in 2016 compared with $5.0 million in the nine-month period of 2015 due to the sale of our
wireless operations and the discontinuance of the associated affiliate transactions.     Selling, General and Administrative   
 Selling, general and administrative expenses of $53.0 million decreased $18.0 million, or 25.3%, in the nine-month period of 2016 from $71.0
million in the nine-month period of 2015. This decrease reflects severance, transaction and other wind-down costs of $7.7 million recorded in the nine-month period of 2015 associated with the sale of our wireless operations, a $6.8 million reduction
in salaries and benefits resulting from our new cost structure and a $1.2 million reduction in bad debt expense associated primarily with certain rural health care accounts.  
  Depreciation and Amortization   
 Depreciation and amortization expense of $25.9 million increased $0.4 million, or 1.6%, in the nine-month period of 2016 from $25.5 million in
the nine-month period of 2015 primarily due to asset additions associated with projects on the North Slope of Alaska and our Joint Venture with QHL, largely offset by the sale of wireless assets in 2015.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Loss (Gain) on Disposal of Assets, Net   
 The $0.3 million net loss on the disposal of assets in the nine-month period of 2016 was associated with cancelled capital projects. The gain
on the disposal of assets of $46.4 million in the nine-month period of 2015 reflected the $48.2 million gain on the sale of our wireless operations, partially offset by losses of $1.8 million associated with abandoned and cancelled capital projects.
    Earnings from Equity Method Investments   
 Earnings from equity method investments of $3.1 million in 2015 consisted of the Company s share of the earnings of AWN. The Company sold
its investment in AWN in connection with the sale of its wireless operations in the first quarter of 2015.      Other Income and Expense    
 Interest expense of $11.6 million in the nine-month period of 2016 decreased $4.2 million compared with $15.8 million in the same period of
2015. This decrease was due primarily to lower outstanding debt year over year resulting from the pay down of $240.5 million of our 2010 Senior Credit Facility in February of 2015 and, to a lesser extent, the effect of our 2015 refinancing
transactions completed on September 14, 2015 and repurchase of a portion of our 6.25% Notes in January 2016 and September 2015. The $0.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt in the nine-month period of 2016 was associated with the repurchase of
our 6.25% Notes in the principal amount of $10.0 million. The $4.9 million loss on extinguishment of debt in the nine-month period of 2015 consisted of $3.9 million associated with the pay down and subsequent repayment in full of our 2010 Senior
Credit Facility and $0.9 million associated with the purchase of a portion of our 6.25% Notes in connection with our 2015 refinancing transactions.  
   Income Taxes      The income tax
provision of $0.2 recorded in the nine-month period of 2016 reflected a $0.4 million benefit for the realization of certain state net operating loss carryforwards upon the filing of the 2015 return, largely offset by the establishment of valuation
allowances totaling $0.2 million on net operating loss carryforwards for other states. Excluding these discrete items identified during the third quarter, the Company s effective tax rate was approximately 48% in the nine-month period of 2016.
Income tax expense and the effective tax rate were $10.0 million and 44.3%, respectively, in the nine-month period of 2015.      Net Loss Attributable
to Noncontrolling Interest      The net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest of our joint venture with QHL, which was
formed in the second quarter of 2015, was $101 thousand and $56 thousand in the nine-month periods of 2016 and 2015, respectively.      Net Income
Attributable to Alaska Communications      Net income attributable to Alaska Communications of $0.8 million in the nine-month period of
2016 compares with $12.6 million in the same period of 2015. The year over year results reflect the revenue and expense items discussed above.  
  FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
  Cash Flows     We satisfied our cash requirements for
operations, capital expenditures and debt service and repurchases in the first nine months of 2016 through internally generated funds and cash on hand. At September 30, 2016, we had $21.9 million of cash and cash equivalents, $1.8 million in
restricted cash and a $10.0 million undrawn revolving credit facility.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  Our major sources and uses of funds in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

(1)   
 Included in net cash provided by operating activities.        Cash Flows from Operating Activities
     Cash provided by operating activities of $28.5 million in the first nine months of 2016 compares with $5.5 million in the first nine months of
2015. The year over year increase was primarily due to lower payments for Wireless Sale transaction and wind-down costs, our improved cost structure and lower payments for interest and taxes, partially offset by cash distributions received from AWN
in 2015. Wireless Sale transaction and wind-down payments were $1.1 million and $9.4 million in the nine-month periods of 2016 and 2015, respectively. Interest payments, net of cash interest income and including capitalized interest, were $8.0
million and $11.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively.    Cash provided by operating activities in 2016 reflects net income
excluding non-cash items (defined as cash provided by operating activities excluding cash distributions from equity method investments and changes in income taxes receivable/payable and operating assets and liabilities) of $31.0 million and a $2.9
million decrease in accounts receivable and other current assets, including the effect of payments from certain rural health care customers. These items were partially offset by a $3.7 million decrease in accounts payable and other current
liabilities reflecting incentive compensation, interest and Wireless Sale wind-down payments.    Cash provided by operating activities of $5.5 million in
the first nine months of 2015 reflects net income excluding non-cash items of $3.2 million, a $7.1 million decrease in accounts receivable and other current assets and cash distributions from AWN of $3.1 million. These items were partially offset by
a $10.5 million net decrease in accounts payable, taxes payable and other current liabilities, including the effect of cash payments for interest, taxes and Wireless Sale transaction and wind-down costs.  
   Cash Flows from Investing Activities      Cash used by
investing activities of $29.7 million in the first nine months of 2016 consisted primarily of expenditures on capital totaling $31.5 million including the second $5.5 million payment for the purchase of the Fiber Optic System in 2015. Of $22.4
million incurred in 2016, $11.7 million was success based versus maintenance. Proceeds on the sale of assets included receipt of the second payment of $2.7 million for the fiber strands sold to QHL in 2015.  
 Cash provided by investing activities of $252.7 million in the first nine months of 2015 included proceeds on the Wireless Sale of $285.2 million. The
purchase price adjustments were resolved in the third quarter of 2015. Proceeds from investing activities also included $1.9 million of cash distributions from AWN and $3.1 million on the sale of assets, primarily associated with the sale of fiber
on the North Slope fiber optic network to CPAI and QHL. Total cash paid on capital spending was $34.8 million, including the first $5.5 million payment for the fiber optic network purchased from CPAI. Of the $38.2 million incurred in the first nine
months of 2015, $11.0 million was for the fiber optic network ($5.5 million of which was payable in 2016) and an additional $11.7 was success based versus maintenance.  
 Our networks require the timely maintenance of plant and infrastructure, and our historical capital expenditures have been significant. Future capital
requirements may change due to impacts of regulatory decisions that affect  
      35  

Table of Contents  

our ability to recover our investments, changes in technology, the effects of competition, changes in our business strategy, and our decision to pursue specific acquisition and investment
opportunities. Capital spending is typically higher during the second and third quarters. We intend to fund future capital expenditures with cash on hand and net cash generated from operations.  
   Cash Flows from Financing Activities      Cash used by
financing activities of $12.9 million in the first nine months of 2016 consisted primarily of the repurchase of $10.0 million principal amount of our 6.25% Notes for $9.8 million and scheduled principal payments on the First Lien Term Loan of our
2015 Senior Credit facilities totaling $2.3 million.    Cash used by financing activities of $247.9 million in the first nine months of 2015 consisted
primarily of repayments of long term debt totaling $333.4 million partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of debt totaling $90.1 million. Repayment of long term debt included $240.5 million paid on our 2010 Senior Credit Facility from
proceeds on the Wireless Sale and, in connection with our third quarter refinancing activities, repayment of the balance of the 2010 Senior Credit Facility in the amount of $80.4 million and repurchase of our 6.25% Notes in the principal amount of
$10.0 million. Proceeds from the 2015 Senior Credit Facilities totaling $90.1 million were utilized in part to repay our 2010 Senior Credit Facility and repurchase a portion of our 6.25% Notes. We incurred debt issuance costs of $4.6 million
primarily associated with the 2015 Senior Credit Facilities and the amendment to our 2010 Senior Credit Facility. We also made a final contingent payment of $0.3 million in connection with our acquisition of TekMate. Cash proceeds from financing
activities included a $0.3 million contribution to our joint venture with Quintillion Holdings, LLC by the noncontrolling interest and $0.1 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources     Consistent with our
history, our current and long-term liquidity could be impacted by a number of challenges, including, but not limited to: (i) potential future reductions in our revenues resulting from governmental and public policy changes, including regulatory
actions affecting inter-carrier compensation and changes in revenue from Universal Service Funds; (ii) servicing our debt and funding principal payments; (iii) the funding of other obligations, including our pension plans and lease commitments; (iv)
competitive pressures in the markets we serve; (v) the capital intensive nature of our industry; (vi) our ability to respond to and fund the rapid technological changes inherent to our industry, including new products; and (vii) our ability to
obtain adequate financing to support our business and pursue growth opportunities.    We are responding to these challenges by (i) driving top line growth
in broadband service revenues with a focus on business and wholesale customers; (ii) managing our cost structure to deliver consistent Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash flow performance; and (iii) holding capital spending to approximately
$32 million annually. We also anticipate dedicating a portion of our free cash flow to pay down debt and reduce our interest expense over time.    The
2015 Senior Credit Facilities provide for events of default, including non-payment defaults on other debt, misrepresentation, breach of covenants, representations and warranties, change of control, insolvency and bankruptcy. They also require the
maintenance of certain financial ratios as defined below.     Net Total Leverage Ratio:  The ratio of our (a) adjusted total debt to (b)
Consolidated EBITDA (as defined more specifically below). Payment of cash dividends on and repurchase of the Company s common stock is not permitted until such time that the Company s Net Total Leverage Ratio is not more than 2.75 to 1.00.
    Senior Leverage Ratio:  The ratio of our (a) senior indebtedness to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the consecutive four fiscal quarters
ending as of the calculation date.     Debt Service Coverage Ratio:  The ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for the consecutive four
fiscal quarters ending as of the calculation date to (b) the sum of (i) cash annualized consolidated interest expense and (ii) scheduled principal payments on debt for the four fiscal quarters immediately following the calculation date.  
  Consolidated EBITDA , as defined in the 2015 Senior Credit Facilities, means consolidated net income, plus the sum of:  

cash and non-cash interest expense;        

depreciation and amortization expense;        

income taxes;        

other non-cash charges and expense, including equity-based compensation expense;        

the write down or write off on any assets, other than accounts receivable;        

subject to limitation, fees and out-of-pocket transaction costs incurred in connection with the 2015 refinancing transactions;    
      36  

Table of Contents  

certain costs associated with the sale of the Company s wireless operations and subsequent wind-down.        

extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual losses;        

one-time costs associated with permitted acquisitions; and        

transaction costs and similar amounts required to be expensed under ASC 805,   Business Combinations .     
 minus (to the extent included in determining consolidated net income) the sum of:  

extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual gains on permitted sales or dispositions of assets and casualty events;        

cash and non-cash interest income;        

other extraordinary items or nonrecurring items;        

the write up of any asset; and        

the Company s share of earnings in its joint venture with Quintillion if such earnings exceed $0.5 million and at least 50% of the Company s share in such earnings have not been received in cash by the
Company.      Consolidated EBITDA as defined in the 2015 Senior Credit Agreements is not a GAAP measure and is not consistent with Adjusted
EBITDA presented elsewhere in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    As disclosed below, we were in
compliance with all financial ratios as of September 30, 2016.      
   Substantially all of our assets (including those of our subsidiaries) have been pledged as collateral for our 2015 Senior
Credit Facilities.    The term loan component of the First Lien Facility bears interest at 4.5% over LIBOR with a LIBOR minimum of 1.0%. The revolving
credit facility component of the First Lien Facility bears interest at 4.5% with a LIBOR minimum of 1.0% and a commitment fee of 0.25% on the average daily unused portion. The Second Lien Term Loan bears interest at 8.5% over LIBOR with a LIBOR
minimum of 1.0%.    The weighted interest rate on the 2015 Senior Credit Facilities was 6.64% at September 30, 2016.  
 We believe that we will have sufficient cash on hand, cash provided by operations and availability under our 2015 Senior Credit Facilities to service our debt
and fund our operations, capital expenditures and other obligations over the next twelve months. However, our ability to make such an assessment is dependent upon our future financial performance, which is subject to future economic conditions and
to financial, business, regulatory, competitive entry and many other factors, many of which are beyond our control and could impact us during the time period of this assessment. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and this
report for further information regarding these risks.     NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES   
 The Company provides certain non-GAAP financial information, including Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow and Net Debt. Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow measure
the Company s primary business activities without regard for the effects of special items and income tax structure. Adjusted EBITDA eliminates the effects of period to period changes in costs that are not directly attributable to the underlying
performance of the  
      37  

Table of Contents  

Company s business operations and is used by Management and the Company s Board of Directors to evaluate current operating financial performance, analyze and evaluate strategic and
operational decisions and better evaluate comparability between periods. Free Cash Flow is used to assess the Company s ability to generate cash and plan for future operating and capital actions. Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow are common
measures utilized by our peers (other telecommunications companies) and we believe they provide useful information to investors and analysts about the Company s operating results, financial condition and cash flows. Net Debt provides Management
and the Board of Directors with a measure of the Company s current leverage position.    Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before
interest, loss on extinguishment of debt, depreciation and amortization, gain or loss on asset purchases or disposals including the sale of our wireless operations, earnings from equity method investments, income taxes, Wireless Sale transaction and
wind-down related costs, stock-based compensation, pension adjustments, net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest and expenses under the Company s long term cash incentive plan ( LTCI ). LTCI expenses are considered part
of an interim compensation structure to mitigate the dilutive impact of additional share issuances for executive compensation. Distributions from AWN are included in Adjusted EBITDA.  
 Free cash flow is defined as Adjusted EBITDA, less recurring operating cash requirements which include capital expenditures, net of cash received for a fiber
build for a carrier customer, less cash interest expense, significant non-cash revenue associated with our interconnection agreement with AWN and GCI, and cash receipts and payments associated with the purchase of the North Slope fiber network and
establishment of our joint venture with QHL.    The Company does not provide reconciliations of guidance for Adjusted EBITDA to Net Income, and Free Cash
Flow to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities, in reliance on the unreasonable efforts exception provided under Item 10(e)(1)(i)(B) of Regulation S-K. The Company does not forecast certain items required to develop the comparable GAAP financial
measures. These items are realized and unrealized gains and losses on effective and ineffective hedges, charges and benefits for uncollectible accounts, certain other non-cash expenses, unusual items typically excluded from Adjusted EBITDA and Free
Cash Flow, and changes in operating assets and liabilities (generally the most significant of these items, representing cash outflows of $1.7 million and $2.5 million in the nine-month periods of 2016 and 2015, respectively).  
 Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow are not GAAP measures and should not be considered a substitute for net income, net cash provided by operating activities,
or net cash provided or used. Adjusted EBITDA as computed below is not consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA referenced in our 2015 Senior Credit Agreements, and other companies may not calculate Non-GAAP measures in the same manner
we do.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables provide the computation of Adjusted EBITDA and reconciliation to Net Income, and the
computation of Free Cash Flow and reconciliation to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
 
      39  

Table of Contents  

OUTLOOK     We expect to see
continued strength in business and wholesale revenues, led by broadband revenue and managed IT services. These revenue increases are driven by new products and services and increasing demand for our services by our new and existing customers. We
also believe we will generate revenue growth by growing market share. We expect margins will strengthen through the course of the year. Strategically, we continue to evaluate opportunities to advance our position as the premier cloud enabler for
businesses.    We expect variable growth in equipment sales, as this revenue stream is impacted by non-recurring transactions. We expect access revenues to
continue to decline as voice traffic experiences decline with long distance carriers. As discussed in  US Federal Regulatory Matters  above, the FCC released its order for CAF II on October 31, 2016. As a result, we currently expect
our high cost support revenue to be relatively unchanged for the next ten years.    Our financial guidance for the full year 2016 is as follows:  

Total revenue of approximately $228 million.        

Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $59 million.        

Capital spending of approximately $32 million.        

Free cash flow of approximately $8 million.    
      40  

Table of Contents  

  As discussed in  Non-GAAP Financial Measures,  the Company does not provide reconciliations of guidance
for Adjusted EBITDA to Net Income, and Free Cash Flow to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities.     LEGAL   
 We are involved in various claims, legal actions, personnel matters and regulatory proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business and as of September
30, 2016, we have recorded litigation accruals of $0.9 million against certain of those claims and legal actions. Estimates involved in developing these litigation accruals could change as these claims, legal actions and regulatory proceedings
progress. See also Part II, Item 1. Legal Proceedings.     EMPLOYEES   
 As of September 30, 2016 we employed 634 regular full-time employees, 12 regular part-time employees and 5 temporary employees, compared with 655, 6 and 3,
respectively at December 31, 2015. Approximately 57% of our employees are represented by the IBEW. Our Master Collective Bargaining Agreement ( CBA ) with the IBEW governs the terms and conditions of employment for all IBEW represented
employees working for us in the state of Alaska through December 31, 2016. Management and the IBEW are currently engaged in negotiations pertaining to a new CBA.  
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES     We
have identified certain policies and estimates as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our past or present results of operations. For additional discussion on the application of these and other significant accounting
policies, see Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. These policies and estimates are considered critical because they had a material impact, or
have the potential to have a material impact, on our financial statements and because they require significant judgments, assumptions or estimates.    The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Among the significant estimates affecting the financial statements are those related to the realizable value of accounts receivable, materials and supplies,
long-lived assets, deferred income taxes and network access reserves. Actual results may differ from those estimates as the collection of those balances is not reasonably assured.  
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements     In the first
quarter of 2016, the Company adopted Accountings Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-05,   Intangibles   Goodwill and Other   Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40), Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud
Computing Arrangement   ( ASU 2015-05 ). The amendments in this update provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software
license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should
account for the arrangement as a service contract. As provided by ASU 2015-05, the Company adopted the update prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified beginning in 2016. Adoption of ASU 2015-05 did not have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016.  
  Accounting Pronouncements Issued Not Yet Adopted     In May
2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   ( ASU 2014-09 ). The amendments in ASU 2014-09 require that an entity should
recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In July 2015, the FASB deferred the
effective date of ASU 2014-09 from annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 to annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),
Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing   ( ASU 2016-10 ). This update provides further guidance on two aspects of Topic 606: (i) identifying performance obligations; and (ii) implementation of licensing guidance. In May
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients   ( ASU 2016-12 ). This update (i) clarifies the objective of the collectability
criterion; (ii) permits an entity to exclude amounts collected from customers for all sales and other similar taxes from the transaction  
      41  

Table of Contents  

price; (iii) specifies that the measurement date for noncash consideration is contract inception; (iv) provides a practical expedient for addressing contract modifications; (v) clarifies the
definition of a completed contract for transition purposes; and (vi) clarifies certain retrospective adoption guidance. ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 do not change the core principles of the guidance in Topic 606. The Company currently expects to
complete its evaluation of the effect ASU 2014-09 and subsequent updates will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures during the fourth quarter of 2016. The Company has not yet selected and adoption date or a transition
method.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ). The amendments in ASU 2016-09 simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity
or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Provisions include (i) all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies should be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement; (ii) the tax effects of exercised
or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur; (iii) an entity should recognize excess tax benefits regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period; (iv) excess tax
benefits should be classified as an operating activity; (v) an entity may make an accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur; (vi) the threshold to qualify
for equity classification permits withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rates; and (vii) cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity. ASU 2016-09 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years. Adoption will be applied prospectively, retrospectively or using a modified retrospective method as required by the specific provisions. The
Company currently intends to adopt the provisions of ASU 2016-09 in 2017 and does not currently expect that adoption will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments   ( ASU 2016-15 ). The amendments in this update address eight specific cash flow classification issues for which current GAAP either is unclear or does not include specific guidance, and for which there exists diversity
in practice: Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent
consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; distributions received
from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and
interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. Adoption is to be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU
2016-15 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, and does not currently expect the effect to be material.    In October
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16,   Income Taxes (Topic 740), Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory   ( ASU 2016-16 ). The amendments in this update provide that an entity should recognize the income tax
consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Current guidance prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for such transfers until the asset has been sold to an outside party.
ASU 2016-16 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual reporting period. The amendments in this update should be applied
on a modified retrospective basis. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-16 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       Our primary exposure to market risk is
associated with changes in interest rates. The interest rates and cash interest payments were substantially fixed on approximately $138.2 million, or 76%, of our total borrowings of $182.4 million, as of September 30, 2016. Our 6.25% Notes have a
fixed coupon rate. The $62.5 million outstanding balance on the First Lien Term Loan of our 2015 Senior Credit Facilities bears interest of LIBOR plus 4.5% with a LIBOR floor of 1.0% and the $25.0 million Second Lien Term Loan bears interest of
LIBOR plus 8.5% with a LIBOR floor of 1.0% as of September 30, 2016.    We manage a portion of our exposure to fluctuations in LIBOR and the resulting
impact on interest expense and cash interest payments on our 2015 Senior Credit Facilities through the utilization of a pay-fixed, receive-floating  
      42  

Table of Contents  

interest rate swap designated as a cash flow hedge. As of September 30, 2016, interest expense on $43.3 million, or approximately 50%, of the amount outstanding under the 2015 Senior Senior
Credit Facilities was hedged. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in LIBOR over the floor of 1.0% during the next twelve months would result in an approximately $0.4 million increase in interest expense and cash interest payments associated with
the unhedged portion of the 2015 Senior Credit Facilities.      

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Based on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to
ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii)
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure.  
 As disclosed under Item 9A. Controls and Procedures in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, management identified material
weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting relating to (i) the effective design, operation and documentation of controls over the accounting for income taxes and (ii) the design and documentation of management review controls and other
controls over the accounting and presentation of complex, non-routine transactions, including controls addressing the completeness and accuracy of key assumptions and other data used in the analysis of such transactions.  
 With the oversight of senior management and our audit committee, the accounting and finance team has developed a plan to remediate the underlying causes of
the material weaknesses. This plan includes (i) a complete review of all controls involving significant judgment to ensure they provide the appropriate level of precision to facilitate effective management review; (ii) providing additional training
to control and process owners addressing the design of effective controls and the importance of thoroughly documenting the performance of each control; (iii) the realignment of the control structure of our income tax function, including having the
underlying work performed by management and the more complex review processes performed by a third party consultant; and (iv) the engagement of a third-party firm to perform an independent assessment of the overall structure and environment of our
internal control over financial reporting.    In the second quarter of 2016, we completed the review of all controls involving significant judgment, the
providing of additional training to control and process owners and the realignment of the control structure of the income tax function. In the third quarter of 2016, the third-party assessment of the overall structure and environment of our internal
control over financial reporting was completed and the results were presented to management and our audit committee. Recommendations for improving the documentation of controls and a risk assessment associated with financial reporting were provided
by the third-party firm. Management, with the oversite of the audit committee, engaged a third-party firm to centralize and provide internal control over financial reporting services and assist with implementation of the recommendations referenced
above. Implementation of the recommendations was completed during the third quarter. We currently expect to complete remediation of the material weaknesses by December 31, 2016.  
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, we have
evaluated any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2016 and have concluded that, other than as discussed above under  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures,  there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the third quarter of 2016 that materially affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

      43  

Table of Contents  

PART II.  
  OTHER INFORMATION         

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       We are involved in various claims, legal actions, personnel matters and regulatory
proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2016 we have recorded litigation accruals of $0.9 million against certain current claims and legal actions. Other than as described above and as disclosed previously in Item
3. Legal Proceedings in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, we believe that the disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or
cash flows.      

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       Other than as described below, there have been no material changes to the Company s
risk factors as previously disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The changes to risk factors described below, the first of which is an additional disclosure and the second two of
which are updated disclosures, should be read in conjunction with those disclosed in our Form 10-K.     Our internal control over financial reporting may
not be effective, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable.     Management s report on our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2015 is included in Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Because of its inherent limitations, and irrespective of the existence of material weaknesses, our internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that such controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree
of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. Any of these circumstances could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable.     Revenues
from access charges will continue to decline and revenue from various regulated support mechanisms is subject to rule changes at the FCC and the RCA.   
 We received approximately 22.9% and 18.6% of our operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, from interstate and
intrastate access charges. The amount of revenue that we receive from these access charges is calculated in accordance with requirements set by the FCC and the RCA. Any change in these requirements may reduce our revenues and earnings. Access
charges have consistently decreased in past years and we expect this trend to continue due to declines in voice usage and migration to VoIP services which do not generate access revenue for us.  
 Interstate switched access has been on a phase-out schedule for several years, and according to the schedule set forth by the FCC, it will reach its final
phase in July 2017. Interstate switched access is currently a relatively small component of all access revenue, and modest declines are anticipated at this time for other components of interstate access revenue. Traditional intrastate access
revenues have already been reduced, replaced in part by Carrier of Last Resort ( COLR ) support. The Regulatory Commission of Alaska has commenced a proceeding that could impact COLR support in the future, and while it is impossible to
predict the state commission s future decisions, there is a risk that revenue will be reduced.    As discussed in  US Federal Regulatory
Matters,  the FCC released its order for CAF II on October 31, 2016. As a result, we currently expect our high cost support revenue to be relatively unchanged for the next ten years.  
  Business revenues may be impacted by the FCC s rules.   
 On May 2, 2016, the FCC released a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking regarding  business data services,  the level of competition in that
market, and potential new regulations in markets that are not sufficiently competitive. There is a risk any FCC regulations eventually adopted may impact our business services revenue. Until the FCC adopts final rules in this area, it is difficult
for us to assess the likely impact of any new regulations in this area.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS        Working Capital Restrictions and Other
Limitations on the Payment of Dividends     Our 2015 Senior Credit Facilities contain a number of restrictive covenants and events of default, including
covenants limiting capital expenditures, incurrence of debt and the payment of dividends. The 2015 Senior Credit Facilities also require that we maintain certain financial ratios.  

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       Not applicable.  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION       None.      

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS         

Exhibit Number  
    
   Exhibit  
    
   Where Located   

31.1 
    
 Certification of Anand Vadapalli, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 Filed herewith  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Laurie Butcher, Senior Vice President of Finance, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 Filed herewith  

32.1 
    
 Certification of Anand Vadapalli, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 Furnished herewith  

32.2 
    
 Certification of Laurie Butcher, Senior Vice President of Finance, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 Furnished herewith  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
    
 Filed herewith  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
    
 Filed herewith  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
    
 Filed herewith  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
    
 Filed herewith  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
    
 Filed herewith  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
    
 Filed herewith  
 
      45  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.   

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Anand Vadapalli   

Anand Vadapalli  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Laurie Butcher   

Laurie Butcher  

Senior Vice President of Finance  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  
 
      46  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d233949dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Sarbanes-Oxley Section 302(a) Certification     I,
Anand Vadapalli, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Anand Vadapalli   

Anand Vadapalli  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc.  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d233949dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Sarbanes-Oxley Section 302(a) Certification     I,
Laurie Butcher, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Laurie Butcher   

Laurie Butcher  

Senior Vice President of Finance  

Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc.  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d233949dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Anand Vadapalli, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to
  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Anand Vadapalli   

Anand Vadapalli  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d233949dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Laurie Butcher, Senior Vice President of Finance of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to  
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Laurie Butcher   

Laurie Butcher  

Senior Vice President of Finance  

Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 alsk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 alsk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 alsk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 alsk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 alsk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 alsk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

