<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_741516_0000741516-16-000094_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15637624</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126857</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>600331</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6260913</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6622116</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1697656</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>82</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000741516-16-000094.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107122852
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000741516-16-000094
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN NATIONAL BANKSHARES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000741516
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				541284688
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12820
		FILM NUMBER:		161977246

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		628 MAIN ST
		CITY:			DANVILLE
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24541
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4347925111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		628 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 191
		CITY:			DANVILLE
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24543

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN NATIONAL BANKSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000741516-16-000094.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 amnb-09302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

o 
    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                 TO               . 

Commission file number:    0-12820 
    
  AMERICAN NATIONAL BANKSHARES INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   VIRGINIA 
      
    54-1284688 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

628 Main Street 

Danville, Virginia 
      
    24541 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(434) 792-5111 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
    
                       Yes 
    x 
    No 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months. 
    
                       Yes 
    x 
    No 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                   Large accelerated filer    o 
    Accelerated filer    x 
    Non-accelerated filer    o   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) 
                       Yes 
    o 
    No 
    x 

At   November 2, 2016  , the Company had   8,615,473   shares of Common Stock outstanding, $1 par value. 

AMERICAN NATIONAL BANKSHARES INC. 
                     Index 

Page 

Part I.  
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    8 

Item 2.  
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    35 

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    58 

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    60 

Part II.  
     OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    61 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    61 

Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    61 

Item 3.  
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    61 

Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    61 

Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    61 

Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    62 

SIGNATURES  
    63 

2 

PART I.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(*) -  Derived from audited consolidated financial statements. 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

AMERICAN NATIONAL BANKSHARES INC.  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  Note 1   Accounting Policies 
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of American National Bankshares Inc. (the "Company") and its wholly owned subsidiary, American National Bank and Trust Company (the "Bank").  The Bank offers a wide variety of retail, commercial, secondary market mortgage lending, and trust and investment services which also include non-deposit products such as mutual funds and insurance policies. 
  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, goodwill and intangible assets, other than temporary impairment, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the valuation of other real estate owned ("OREO"). 
  All significant inter-company transactions and accounts are eliminated in consolidation, with the exception of the AMNB Trust and the MidCarolina Trusts, as detailed in Note 9. 
  In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly the results of the interim periods.  The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may occur for any other period.  Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period balances to conform to the current period presentation.  These reclassifications did not have an impact on net income and were considered immaterial.  These statements should be read in conjunction with the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements              
  In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern."  This update is intended to provide guidance about management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.  Management is required under the new guidance to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued when preparing financial statements for each interim and annual reporting period.  If conditions or events are identified, the ASU specifies the process that must be followed by management and also clarifies the timing and content of going concern footnote disclosures in order to reduce diversity in practice.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, "Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities."  The amendments in ASU 2016-01, among other things: (1) requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; (2) requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (3) Requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables); and (4) eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-01 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)." Among other things, in the amendments in ASU 2016-02, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (1) a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (2) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606,  
  
   8 

Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
  During March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05, "Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships." The amendments in this ASU clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria remain intact. The amendments are effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-05 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07, "Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting." The amendments in this ASU eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor's previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required.  In addition, the amendments in this ASU require that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method. The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-07 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  During March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Shares-Based Payment Accounting." The amendments in this ASU simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including: (1) income tax consequences; (2) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (3) classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments are effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
         During June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.   The amendments in this ASU, among other things, require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The amendments in this ASU are effective for Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filers for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. For public companies that are not SEC filers, the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-13 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
             During August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.  The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If retrospective application is impractical for some of the issues addressed by the update, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable.      Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.  The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-15 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  
   9 

Note 2   Acquisition of MainStreet BankShares, Inc. 
  On January 1, 2015, the Company completed its acquisition of MainStreet BankShares, Inc. ("MainStreet").  The merger of MainStreet with and into the Company was effected pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of August 24, 2014, between the Company and MainStreet, and a related Plan of Merger.  Immediately after the merger, Franklin Community Bank, N.A., MainStreet's wholly owned bank subsidiary, merged with and into the Bank.    
  Pursuant to the MainStreet merger agreement, the former holders of shares of MainStreet common stock received   $3.46   in cash and   0.482   shares of the Company's common stock for each share of MainStreet common stock held immediately prior to the effective date of the merger, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares.  Each option to purchase shares of MainStreet common stock that was outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the merger vested upon the merger and was converted into an option to purchase shares of the Company's common stock, adjusted based on a   0.643   exchange ratio.  Each share of the Company's common stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger remained outstanding and was unaffected by the merger.  The cash portion of the merger consideration was funded through a cash dividend of   $6,000,000   from the Bank to the Company, and   no   borrowing was incurred by the Company or the Bank in connection with the merger.  Replacement stock option awards representing   43,086   shares of the Company's common stock were granted in conjunction with the MainStreet acquisition.   
  MainStreet was the holding company for Franklin Community Bank, N.A.  As of January 1, 2015, MainStreet had net loans of approximately   $122,000,000  , total assets of approximately   $164,000,000  , and total deposits of approximately   $137,000,000  .  Franklin Community Bank, N.A. provided banking services to its customers from   three   banking offices located in Rocky Mount, Hardy, and Union Hall, Virginia, which are now branch offices of the Bank. 
  The net impact of the amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts associated with the Company's acquisition accounting adjustments related to the MainStreet acquisition had the following impact on the Consolidated Statements of Income during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (dollars in thousands): 

10 

Note 3   Securities    
   The amortized cost and fair value of investments in debt and equity securities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Restricted Stock 
  Due to restrictions placed upon the Bank's common stock investment in the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond ("FRB") and Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ("FHLB"), these securities have been classified as restricted equity securities and carried at cost.  The restricted securities are not subject to the investment security classification and are included as a separate line item on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet.  The FRB requires the Bank to maintain stock with a par value equal to   3.0%   of its outstanding capital and an additional   3.0%   is on call.  The FHLB requires the Bank to maintain stock in an amount equal to   4.5%   of outstanding borrowings and a specific percentage of the Bank's total assets.  The cost of restricted stock at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Temporarily Impaired Securities 
  The following table shows estimated fair value and gross unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at   September 30, 2016  .  The reference point for determining when securities are in an unrealized loss position is month-end.  Therefore, it is possible that a security's market value exceeded its amortized cost on other days during the past twelve-month period. 
  
   11 

Available for sale securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Federal agencies and GSEs:    The unrealized loss on the Company's investment in   eight   government sponsored entity ("GSE") securities was caused by interest rate increases.  The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments.  Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Mortgage-backed securities and CMOs:    The unrealized losses on the Company's investment in   six   GSE mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations ("CMOs") were caused by interest rate increases.  The contractual cash flows of those investments are guaranteed by an agency of the U.S. Government.  Accordingly, it is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the Company's investments.  Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at   September 30, 2016  . 
  State and municipal securities  :  The unrealized losses on   13   state and municipal securities were caused by interest rate increases.  The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments.  Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Corporate securities  :  The Company had   zero   investments with unrealized losses in corporate securities.  In prior periods when unrealized losses were shown they were caused by interest rate increases.  The contractual terms of those investments did not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments.  Because the Company did not intend to sell the investments and it was not more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may have been maturity, the Company did not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Restricted stock:    When evaluating restricted stock for impairment, its value is based on the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by recognizing temporary declines in value.  The Company does not consider restricted stock to be other-than-temporarily impaired at   September 30, 2016  , and no impairment has been recognized. 
  The table below shows estimated fair value and gross unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

Other-Than-Temporary-Impaired Securities    
   As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were no securities classified as other-than-temporary impaired. 
  
   12 

Note 4   Loans 
  Loans, excluding loans held for sale, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , were comprised of the following (dollars in thousands): 

Acquired Loans    
  The outstanding principal balance and the carrying amount of these loans included in the consolidated balance sheets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are as follows (dollars in thousands):    

The outstanding principal balance and related carrying amount of acquired impaired loans, for which the Company applies FASB Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 310-30 to account for interest earned, as of the indicated dates are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

The following table presents changes in the accretable yield on acquired impaired loans, for which the Company applies FASB ASC 310-30, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

13 

Past Due Loans 
     The following table shows an analysis by portfolio segment of the Company's past due loans at   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

The following table shows an analysis by portfolio segment of the Company's past due loans at   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

14 

Impaired Loans 
  The following table presents the Company's impaired loan balances by portfolio segment, excluding acquired impaired loans, at   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

*Allowance is reported as   zero   in the table due to presentation in thousands and rounding. 
  
   15 

The following table presents the Company's impaired loan balances by portfolio segment, excluding acquired impaired loans, at   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

*Allowance is reported as   zero   in the table due to presentation in thousands and rounding. 

16 

The following tables show the detail of loans modified as troubled debt restructurings ("TDRs") during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   included in the impaired loan balances (dollars in thousands): 

Loans Modified as a TDR for the 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      Loan Type 
      
    Number of Contracts 
      
    Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
      
    Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 
      Commercial 

$ 

$ 

Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 

Home Equity 

Residential real estate 
      
    1 

56 

47 
      
      Consumer 

Total 
      
    1 

$ 
    56 

$ 
    47 

The following tables show the detail of loans modified as TDRs during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   included in the impaired loan balances (dollars in thousands): 

17 

During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company had no loans that subsequently defaulted within twelve months of modification.  The Company defines defaults as one or more payments that occur more than 90 days past the due date, charge-off or foreclosure subsequent to modification. 
  Residential Real Estate in Process of Foreclosure 
  The Company had   $1,424,000   in residential real estate loans in the process of foreclosure at   September 30, 2016   and $  470,000   and $  643,000   in residential OREO at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Risk Grades 
   The following table shows the Company's loan portfolio broken down by internal risk grading as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 
  Commercial and Consumer Credit Exposure 
  Credit Risk Profile by Internally Assigned Grade 

Consumer Credit Exposure 
  Credit Risk Profile Based on Payment Activity 

18 

The following table shows the Company's loan portfolio broken down by internal risk grading as of   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 
  Commercial and Consumer Credit Exposure 
  Credit Risk Profile by Internally Assigned Grade 

Consumer Credit Exposure 
  Credit Risk Profile Based on Payment Activity 

Loans classified in the Pass category typically are fundamentally sound and risk factors are reasonable and acceptable. 
  Loans classified in the Special Mention category typically have been criticized internally, by loan review or the loan officer, or by external regulators under the current credit policy regarding risk grades.   
  Loans classified in the Substandard category typically have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt; they are typically characterized by the possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
  Loans classified in the Doubtful category typically have all the weaknesses inherent in loans classified as substandard, plus the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values highly questionable and improbable.  However, these loans are not yet rated as loss because certain events may occur that may salvage the debt. 
  Consumer loans are classified as performing or nonperforming.  A loan is nonperforming when payments of interest and principal are past due 90 days or more, or payments are less than   90 days   past due, but there are other good reasons to doubt that payment will be made in full. 
  
   19 

Note 5   Allowance for Loan Losses and Reserve for Unfunded Lending Commitments 
  Changes in the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments as of the indicated dates and periods are presented below (dollars in thousands):  

The reserve for unfunded loan commitments is included in other liabilities. 
  The following table presents changes in the Company's allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment and the related loan balance total by segment at and for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

20 

The following table presents changes in the Company's allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment and the related loan balance total by segment at and for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

The allowance for loan losses is allocated to loan segments based upon historical loss factors, risk grades on individual loans, portfolio analysis of smaller balance homogenous loans, and qualitative factors.  Qualitative factors include trends in delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, and loss rates; trends in volume and terms of loans, effects of changes in risk selection, underwriting standards, and lending policies; experience of lending officers, other lending staff and loan review; national, regional, and local economic trends and conditions; legal, regulatory and collateral factors; and concentrations of credit. 
   
  Note 6   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
  The Company records as goodwill the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Impairment testing is performed annually, as well as when an event triggering impairment may have occurred.  The Company performs its annual analysis as of June 30 each fiscal year.  Accounting guidance permits preliminary assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether more substantial impairment testing is required.  The Company chose to bypass the preliminary assessment and utilized a two-step process for impairment testing of goodwill.  The first step tests for impairment, while the second step, if necessary, measures the impairment.  No indicators of impairment were identified as of June 30, 2016. 
  Core deposit intangibles resulting from the acquisition of MidCarolina Financial Corporation ("MidCarolina") in July 2011 were   $6,556,000   and are being amortized on an accelerated basis over   108   months.  Core deposit intangibles resulting from the MainStreet acquisition in January 2015 were   $1,839,000   and are being amortized on an accelerated basis over   120 months  . 
  
   21 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill and intangibles for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Note 7   Short-term Borrowings 
  Short-term borrowings consist of customer repurchase agreements, overnight borrowings from the FHLB, and Federal Funds purchased.  The Company has federal funds lines of credit established with   two   correspondent banks in the amounts of   $15,000,000  , each, and, additionally, has access to the FRB's discount window.  Customer repurchase agreements are collateralized by securities of the U.S. Government or its agencies or GSEs.  They mature daily.  The interest rates may be changed at the discretion of the Company.  The securities underlying these agreements remain under the Company's control. FHLB overnight borrowings contain floating interest rates that may change daily at the discretion of the FHLB.  Federal funds purchased are unsecured overnight borrowings from other financial institutions.  Short-term borrowings consisted of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

Note 8   Long-term Borrowings    
  Under the terms of its collateral agreement with the FHLB, the Company provides a blanket lien covering all of its residential first mortgage loans, second mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, and commercial real estate loans.  In addition, the Company pledges as collateral its capital stock in the FHLB and deposits with the FHLB.  The Company has a line of credit with the FHLB equal to   30%   of the Company's assets, subject to the amount of collateral pledged.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $402,920,000   in eligible collateral was pledged under the blanket floating lien agreement which covers both short-term and long-term borrowings.  
  Long-term borrowings consisted of the following fixed rate, long-term advances as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

The advance due in November 2017 is net of a fair value discount of   $26,000  .  The original discount recorded on July 1, 2011, was a result of the merger with MidCarolina.  The adjustment to the face value is being amortized into interest expense over the life of the borrowing.  There were   no   long-term borrowings acquired in the MainStreet acquisition and   no   borrowings were incurred to fund the acquisition.    
  In the regular course of conducting its business, the Company takes deposits from political subdivisions of the states of Virginia and North Carolina.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank's public deposits totaled   $150,467,000  .  The Company is required to provide collateral to secure the deposits that exceed the insurance coverage provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  This collateral can be provided in the form of certain types of government or agency bonds or letters of credit from the FHLB.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $70,000,000   in letters of credit with the FHLB outstanding, as well as   $133,297,000   in agency, state, and municipal securities pledged to provide collateral for such deposits. 
  
   22 

Note 9   Junior Subordinated Debt    
  On April 7, 2006, AMNB Statutory Trust I, a Delaware statutory trust and a wholly owned unconsolidated subsidiary of the Company, issued $  20,000,000   of preferred securities (the "Trust Preferred Securities") in a private placement pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration.  The Trust Preferred Securities mature on   June 30, 2036  , but may be redeemed at the Company's option beginning on September 30, 2011.  Distributions are cumulative and will accrue from the date of original issuance, but may be deferred by the Company from time to time for up to   20   consecutive quarterly periods.  The Company has guaranteed the payment of all required distributions on the Trust Preferred Securities. The proceeds of the Trust Preferred Securities received by the trust, along with proceeds of $  619,000   received by the trust from the issuance of common securities by the trust to the Company, were used to purchase   $20,619,000   of the Company's junior subordinated debt securities (the "Junior Subordinated Debt"), issued pursuant to junior subordinated debentures entered into between the Company and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee.  The proceeds of the Junior Subordinated Debt were used to fund the cash portion of the merger consideration to the former shareholders of Community First Financial Corporation in connection with the Company's acquisition of that company in 2006, and for general corporate purposes.   
  On July 1, 2011, in connection with the MidCarolina merger, the Company assumed   $8,764,000   in junior subordinated debt to MidCarolina Trust I and MidCarolina Trust II, two separate Delaware statutory trusts (the "MidCarolina Trusts"), to fully and unconditionally guarantee the preferred securities issued by the MidCarolina Trusts.  These long-term obligations, which currently qualify as Tier 1 capital, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of the MidCarolina Trusts' obligations.  The MidCarolina Trusts were not consolidated in the Company's financial statements. 
  In accordance with ASC 810-10-15-14, "Consolidation - Overall - Scope and Scope Exceptions," the Company did not eliminate through consolidation the Company's   $619,000   equity investment in AMNB Statutory Trust I or the   $264,000   equity investment in the MidCarolina Trusts.  Instead, the Company reflected this equity investment in the "Accrued interest receivable and other assets" line item in the consolidated balance sheets. 
  A description of the junior subordinated debt securities outstanding payable to the trusts is shown below as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

The principal amounts reflected above for the MidCarolina Trusts are net of fair value adjustments of   $1,685,000   and   $1,761,000   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  The original fair value adjustments of   $1,197,000   and   $1,021,000   were recorded as a result of the acquisition of MidCarolina on July 1, 2011, and are being amortized into interest expense over the remaining lives of the respective borrowings. 
   
  Note 10   Stock Based Compensation    
     The Company's 2008 Stock Incentive Plan ("2008 Plan") was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on February 19, 2008, and approved by shareholders on April 22, 2008, at the Company's 2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  The 2008 Plan provides for the granting of restricted stock awards and incentive and non-statutory options to employees and directors on a periodic basis, at the discretion of the Board of Directors or a Board designated committee.  The 2008 Plan authorizes the issuance of up to   500,000   shares of common stock.  The 2008 Plan replaced the Company's stock option plan that was approved by the shareholders at the 1997 Annual Meeting, which expired in 2006. 
  Stock Options 
  Accounting guidance requires that compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements with measurement based upon the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. 
  
   23 

A summary of stock option transactions for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

The fair value of options is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and expensed over the options' vesting period.  No stock options have been granted since 2009.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   no   unrecognized compensation expenses related to nonvested stock option grants. 
  Restricted Stock 
  The Company from time-to-time grants shares of restricted stock to key employees and non-employee directors.  These awards help align the interests of these employees and directors with the interests of the shareholders of the Company by providing economic value directly related to increases in the value of the Company's common stock.  The value of the stock awarded is established as the fair value of the stock at the time of the grant.  The Company recognizes expense, equal to the total value of such awards, ratably over the vesting period of the stock grants.  Restricted stock granted in 2016 cliff vests at the end of a   36   month period beginning on the date of the grant.  Nonvested restricted stock activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is summarized in the following table. 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there was   $585,000   and   $340,000  , respectively, in unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock granted under the 2008 Plan.  The weighted average period over which this cost is expected to be recognized is   1.51 years  .  The share based compensation expense for nonvested restricted stock was   $342,000   and   $249,000   during the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  ,   respectively  .    
  Starting in 2010, the Company began offering its outside directors alternatives with respect to director compensation.  The regular monthly board retainer can be received in the form of either (a)   $1,667   in cash or (b) shares of immediately vested, but restricted stock with a market value of   $2,083  .  Monthly meeting fees can also be received as   $725   per meeting in cash or   $900   in immediately vested, but restricted stock.  For   2016  , all   13   outside directors have elected to receive stock in lieu of cash for either all or part of their monthly retainer board fees.  Only outside directors receive board fees.  The Company issued   10,588   and   8,630   shares and recognized share based compensation expense of   $281,000   and   $195,000   during the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  During 2015,   4,158   shares with a market value of   $95,000   were issued to a retired director as payment for cumulative deferred director compensation.   

24 

Note 11   Earnings Per Common Share 
  The following shows the weighted average number of shares used in computing earnings per common share and the effect on weighted average number of shares of potentially dilutive common stock.  Potentially dilutive common stock had no effect on income available to common shareholders.  Nonvested restricted shares are included in the computation of basic earnings per share as the holder is entitled to full shareholder benefits during the vesting period including voting rights and sharing in nonforfeitable dividends.  The following tables present basic and diluted earnings per share for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Outstanding stock options on common stock that were not included in computing diluted earnings per share for the   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   because their effects were anti-dilutive, averaged   14,205   and   78,127   shares, respectively.  
   
  Note 12   Employee Benefit Plans 
  The following information for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   pertains to the Company's non-contributory defined benefit pension plan which was frozen in 2009.  If lump sum payments exceed the service cost plus interest cost, an additional settlement charge will apply (dollars in thousands): 

25 

Note 13   Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  Determination of Fair Value    
  The Company uses fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures.  In accordance with the fair value measurements and disclosures topic of FASB ASC 820, the fair value of an instrument is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  Fair value is best determined based upon quoted market prices.  However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company's various instruments.  In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques.  Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows.  Accordingly, the fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument.  
  The fair value guidance provides a consistent definition of fair value, which focuses on exit price in an orderly transaction (that is, not a forced liquidation or distressed sale) between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions.  If there has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability, a change in valuation technique or the use of multiple valuation techniques may be appropriate.  In such instances, determining the price at which willing market participants would transact at the measurement date under current market conditions depends on the facts and circumstances and requires the use of significant judgment.  The fair value is a reasonable point within the range that is most representative of fair value under current market conditions. 
  Fair Value Hierarchy    
  In accordance with this guidance, the Company groups its financial assets and financial liabilities generally measured at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. 
                 Level 1   
    Valuation is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 
      Level 2    
    Valuation is based on observable inputs including quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in less active markets, and model-based valuation techniques for which significant assumptions can be derived primarily from or corroborated by observable data in the market. 
      Level 3   
    Valuation is based on model-based techniques that use one or more significant inputs or assumptions that are unobservable in the market. 

The following describes the valuation techniques used by the Company to measure certain financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the financial statements: 
  Securities available for sale  :  Securities available for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.  Fair value measurement is based upon quoted market prices, when available (Level 1).  If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are measured utilizing independent valuation techniques of identical or similar securities for which significant assumptions are derived primarily from or corroborated by observable market data.  Third party vendors compile prices from various sources and may determine the fair value of identical or similar securities by using pricing models that consider observable market data (Level 2).  If no observable market data is available, valuations are based upon third party model based techniques (Level 3).  
  
   26 

The following table presents the balances of financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Total Realized / Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in 

Balances as of January 1, 2016 
      
    Net Income 
      
    Other Comprehensive Income 
      
    Purchases, Sales, Issuances and Settlements, Net 
      
    Transfer In (Out) of Level 3 
      
    Balances as of September 30, 2016 
      Securities available for sale: 

Equity 
    $ 
    1,486 

$ 

$ 
    93 

$ 

$ 
    (1,579 
    ) 
      
    $ 

The Company's investment in preferred securities, a Level 3 input, was converted into common stock, a Level 1 input, at June 29, 2016. 
          Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP.  Adjustments to the fair value of these assets usually result from the application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 
  
   27 

The following describes the valuation techniques used by the Company to measure certain assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in the financial statements: 
  Loans held for sale  :  Loans held for sale are carried at fair value.  These loans currently consist of one-to-four family residential loans originated for sale in the secondary market.  Fair value is based on the price secondary markets are currently offering for similar loans using observable market data which is not materially different than cost due to the short duration between origination and sale (Level 2).  As such, the Company records any fair value adjustments on a nonrecurring basis.    No   nonrecurring fair value adjustments were recorded on loans held for sale during the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016   or the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  Gains and losses on the sale of loans are recorded within income from mortgage banking on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Impaired loans  :  Loans are designated as impaired when, in the judgment of management based on current information and events, it is probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreements will not be collected when due. The measurement of the loss associated with impaired loans can be based on either the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the collateral.  Collateral may be in the form of real estate or business assets including equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable.  The vast majority of the Company's collateral is real estate.  The value of real estate collateral is determined utilizing a market valuation approach based on an appraisal, of one year or less, conducted by an independent, licensed appraiser using observable market data (Level 2).  However, if the collateral is a house or building in the process of construction or if an appraisal of the property is more than one year old and not solely based on observable market comparables or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value, then a Level 3 valuation is considered to measure the fair value.  The value of business equipment is based upon an outside appraisal, of one year or less, if deemed significant, or the net book value on the applicable business's financial statements if not considered significant using observable market data.  Likewise, values for inventory and accounts receivable collateral are based on financial statement balances or aging reports (Level 3).  Impaired loans allocated to the allowance for loan losses are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.  Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for loan losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  OREO  :  Measurement for fair values for OREO are the same as impaired loans.  Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as a valuation allowance against other real estate owned with the associated expense included in other real estate owned expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  The following table summarizes the Company's assets that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

28 

The following tables summarize the Company's quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements at the dates indicated: 
  Quantitative Information About Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at   September 30, 2016    
                             Assets 
      
    Valuation Technique 
      
    Unobservable Input 
      
    Weighted Rate 

Impaired loans 
      
    Discounted appraised value 
      
    Selling cost 
      
    8 
    % 

Other real estate owned, net 
      
    Discounted appraised value 
      
    Selling cost 
      
    6 
    % 

Quantitative Information About Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at   December 31, 2015    
                             Assets 
      
    Valuation Technique 
      
    Unobservable Input 
      
    Weighted Rate 

Securities available for sale 
      
    Third party model based techniques 
      
    Stock price in different rate environments 
      
    49 
    % 

Impaired loans 
      
    Discounted appraised value 
      
    Selling cost 
      
    6 
    % 

Discounted cash flow analysis 
      
    Market rate for borrower (discount rate) 
      
    4 
    % 

Other real estate owned, net 
      
    Discounted appraised value 
      
    Selling cost 
      
    6 
    % 

The carrying values and estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments at   September 30, 2016   are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

29 

The carrying values and estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments at   December 31, 2015   are as follows (dollars in thousands):   

  The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating fair value disclosures for financial instruments: 
  Cash and cash equivalents  .  The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
  Securities  .  Fair values are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes. 
  Restricted stock.    The carrying value of restricted stock approximates fair value based on the redemption provisions of the respective entity. 
  Loans held for sale  .  The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
  Loans.    For variable-rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values.  Fair values for fixed-rate loans are estimated based upon discounted cash flow analysis, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality.  Fair values for nonperforming loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis or underlying collateral values, where applicable. 
  Bank owned life insurance.    Bank owned life insurance represents insurance policies on officers, directors, and past directors of the Company.  The cash values of the policies are estimates using information provided by insurance carriers.  These policies are carried at their cash surrender value, which approximates the fair value. 
  Accrued interest receivable  .  The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
  Deposits  .  The fair value of demand deposits, savings deposits, and money market deposits equals the carrying value.  The fair value of fixed-rate certificates of deposit is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar deposit instruments would be offered to depositors for the same remaining maturities. 
  Repurchase agreements  .  The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
  Other short-term borrowings.    The fair values of other borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based on the interest rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 

30 

Long-term borrowings.    The fair values of other borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based on the interest rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 
  Junior subordinated debt  .  Fair value is calculated by discounting the future cash flows using the estimated current interest rates at which similar securities would be issued. 
  Accrued interest payable  .  The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
  Off-balance sheet instruments  .  The fair value of letters of credit is based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate them or otherwise settle the obligations with the counterparties at the reporting date.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of off-balance sheet instruments was deemed immaterial, and therefore was not included in the previous table. 
  The Company assumes interest rate risk (the risk that interest rates will change) in its normal operations.  As a result, the fair values of the Company's financial instruments will change when interest rates change and that change may be either favorable or unfavorable to the Company. 
   
  Note 14   Segment and Related Information 
  The Company has   two   reportable segments, community banking and trust and investment services. 
  Community banking involves making loans to and generating deposits from individuals and businesses.  All assets and liabilities of the Company are allocated to community banking.  Investment income from securities is also allocated to the community banking segment.  Loan fee income, service charges from deposit accounts, and non-deposit fees such as automated teller machine fees and insurance commissions generate additional income for the community banking segment. 
  Trust and investment services include estate planning, trust account administration, investment management, and retail brokerage.  Investment management services include purchasing equity, fixed income, and mutual fund investments for customer accounts.  The trust and investment services segment receives fees for investment and administrative services. 
  Amounts shown in the "Other" column includes activities of the Company which are primarily debt service on trust preferred securities and corporate items.   
  Segment information as of and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (unaudited), is shown in the following tables (dollars in thousands): 

31 

32 

Note 15   Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

33 

Note 16   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
     Changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (unaudited) were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

34 

Reclassifications Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  (dollars in thousands) 
                         For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
    Amount Reclassified from AOCI 
      
    Affected Line Item in the Statement of Where Net Income is Presented 
      Details about AOCI Components 

Available for sale securities: 

Realized gain on sale of securities 
    $ 
    73 

Securities gains, net 
        
    (25 
    ) 
      
    Income taxes 
      Total reclassifications 
    $ 
    48 

Net of tax 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
    Amount Reclassified from AOCI 
      
    Affected Line Item in the Statement of Where Net Income is Presented 
      Details about AOCI Components 

Available for sale securities: 

Realized gain on sale of securities 
    $ 
    6 

Securities gains, net 
        
    (3 
    ) 
      
    Income taxes 
      Total reclassifications 
    $ 
    3 

Net of tax 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
    Amount Reclassified from AOCI 
      
    Affected Line Item in the Statement of Where Net Income is Presented 
      Details about AOCI Components 

Available for sale securities: 

Realized gain on sale of securities 
    $ 
    661 

Securities gains, net 
        
    (231 
    ) 
      
    Income taxes 
      Total reclassifications 
    $ 
    430 

Net of tax 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
    Amount Reclassified from AOCI 
      
    Affected Line Item in the Statement of Where Net Income is Presented 
      Details about AOCI Components 

Available for sale securities: 

Realized gain on sale of securities 
    $ 
    553 

Securities gains, net 
        
    (194 
    ) 
      
    Income taxes 
      Total reclassifications 
    $ 
    359 

Net of tax 

ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The purpose of this discussion is to focus on important factors affecting the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  The discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   35 

Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report contains forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business of American National Bankshares Inc. (the "Company") and its wholly owned subsidiary, American National Bank and Trust Company (the "Bank").  These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are based on the beliefs and assumptions of management of the Company and on information available to management at the time these statements and disclosures were prepared.  Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, estimates, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual conditions, events, or results to differ materially from those stated or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
  A variety of factors, some of which are discussed in more detail in Item 1A   Risk Factors of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , may affect the operations, performance, business strategy, and results of the Company.  Those factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
             
    Financial market volatility, including the level of interest rates, could affect the values of financial instruments and the amount of net interest income earned; 
                
    General economic or business conditions, either nationally or in the market areas in which the Company does business, may be less favorable than expected, resulting in deteriorating credit quality, reduced demand for credit, or a weakened ability to generate deposits; 
                
    Competition among financial institutions may increase, and competitors may have greater financial resources and develop products and technology that enable those competitors to compete more successfully than the Company; 
                
    Businesses that the Company is engaged in may be adversely affected by legislative or regulatory changes, including changes in accounting standards; 
                
    The ability to retain key personnel; 
                
    The failure of assumptions underlying the allowance for loan losses; and 
                
    Risks associated with mergers and other acquisitions and other expansion activities. 
     Reclassification 
   In certain circumstances, reclassifications have been made to prior period information to conform to the 2015 presentation.  There were no material reclassifications. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  The accounting and reporting policies followed by the Company conform with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and they conform to general practices within the banking industry.  The Company's critical accounting policies, which are summarized below, relate to (1) the allowance for loan losses, (2) mergers and acquisitions, (3) acquired loans with specific credit-related deterioration and (4) goodwill impairment.  A summary of the Company's significant accounting policies is set forth in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  The financial information contained within the Company's financial statements is, to a significant extent, financial information that is based on measures of the financial effects of transactions and events that have already occurred.  A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset, or relieving a liability.  In addition, GAAP itself may change from one previously acceptable method to another method. 
  Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The purpose of the allowance for loan losses ("ALLL") is to provide for probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio.  The allowance is increased by the provision for loan losses and by recoveries of previously charged-off loans.  Loan charge-offs decrease the allowance. 
  The goal of the Company is to maintain an appropriate, systematic, and consistently applied process to determine the amounts of the ALLL and the provision for loan loss expense. 
  The Company uses certain practices to manage its credit risk.  These practices include (1) appropriate lending limits for loan officers, (2) a loan approval process, (3) careful underwriting of loan requests, including analysis of borrowers, cash flows, collateral, and market risks, (4) regular monitoring of the portfolio, including diversification by type and geography, (5) review of loans by the Loan Review department, which operates independently of loan production, (6) regular meetings of the Credit  
  
   36 

Committee to discuss portfolio and policy changes and make decisions on large or unusual loan requests, and (7) regular meetings of the Asset Quality Committee which reviews the status of individual loans. 
  Risk grades are assigned as part of the loan origination process.  From time to time, risk grades may be modified as warranted by the facts and circumstances surrounding the credit. 
  Calculation and analysis of the ALLL is prepared quarterly by the Finance Department.  The Company's Credit Committee, Risk and Compliance Committee, Audit Committee, and the Board of Directors review the allowance for adequacy. 
  The Company's ALLL has two basic components:  the formula allowance and the specific allowance.  Each of these components is determined based upon estimates and judgments. 
  The formula allowance uses historical loss experience as an indicator of future losses, along with various qualitative factors, including levels and trends in delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, charge-offs and recoveries, trends in volume and terms of loans, effects of changes in underwriting standards, experience of lending staff, economic conditions, portfolio concentrations, regulatory, legal, competition, quality of loan review system, and value of underlying collateral.  In the formula allowance for commercial and commercial real estate loans, the historical loss rate is combined with the qualitative factors, resulting in an adjusted loss factor for each risk-grade category of loans.  The period-end balances for each loan risk-grade category are multiplied by the adjusted loss factor.  Allowance calculations for residential real estate and consumer loans are calculated based on historical losses for each product category without regard to risk grade.  This loss rate is combined with qualitative factors resulting in an adjusted loss factor for each product category. 
  The specific allowance uses various techniques to arrive at an estimate of loss for specifically identified impaired loans. These include: 
             
    The present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate.  The effective interest rate on a loan is the rate of return implicit in the loan (that is, the contractual interest rate adjusted for any net deferred loan fees or costs and any premium or discount existing at the origination or acquisition of the loan); 
                
    The loan's observable market price, or 
                
    The fair value of the collateral, net of estimated costs to dispose, if the loan is collateral dependent.  The use of these computed values is inherently subjective and actual losses could be greater or less than the estimates. 
     No single statistic, formula, or measurement determines the adequacy of the allowance.  Management makes subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain, and different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions.  For analytical purposes, management allocates a portion of the allowance to specific loan categories and specific loans.  However, the entire allowance is used to absorb credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio, including identified and unidentified losses. 
  The relationships and ratios used in calculating the allowance, including the qualitative factors, may change from period to period as facts and circumstances evolve.  Furthermore, management cannot provide assurance that in any particular period the Bank will not have sizable credit losses in relation to the amount reserved.  Management may find it necessary to significantly adjust the allowance, considering current factors at the time. 
  Mergers and Acquisitions 
  Business combinations are accounted for under the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 805,   Business Combinations  , using the acquisition method of accounting.  The acquisition method of accounting requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the acquisition date measured at their fair values as of that date.  To determine the fair values, the Company will rely on third party valuations, such as appraisals, or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analysis or other valuation techniques.  Under the acquisition method of accounting, the Company will identify the acquirer and the closing date and apply applicable recognition principles and conditions. 
  Acquisition-related costs are costs the Company incurs to effect a business combination.  Those costs include advisory, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional or consulting fees.  Some other examples of costs to the Company include systems conversions, integration planning consultants and advertising costs.  The Company will account for acquisition-related costs as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received, with one exception.  The costs to issue debt or equity securities will be recognized in accordance with other applicable GAAP.  These acquisition-related costs have been and will be included within the Consolidated Statements of Income classified within the noninterest expense caption. 
  
   37 

Acquired Loans with Specific Credit-Related Deterioration 
  Acquired loans with specific credit deterioration are accounted for by the Company in accordance with FASB ASC 310-30,   Receivables - Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality  .  Certain acquired loans, those for which specific credit-related deterioration, since origination, is identified, are recorded at fair value reflecting the present value of the amounts expected to be collected.  Income recognition on these loans is based on a reasonable expectation about the timing and amount of cash flows to be collected.  Acquired loans deemed impaired and considered collateral dependent, with the timing of the sale of loan collateral indeterminate, remain on non-accrual status and have no accretable yield. 
  Goodwill Impairment 
  The Company performs its annual analysis as of June 30 each fiscal year.  Accounting guidance permits preliminary assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether more substantial impairment testing is required.  The Company chose to bypass the preliminary assessment and utilized a two-step process for impairment testing of goodwill.  The first step tests for impairment, while the second step, if necessary, measures the impairment.  No indicators of impairment were identified during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 
  Non-GAAP Presentations 
  Non-GAAP presentations are provided because the Company believes these may be valuable to investors.  These include (1) the analysis of net interest income presented on a taxable equivalent basis to facilitate performance comparisons among various taxable and tax-exempt assets and (2) the impact to net interest income and pretax income from accretable and amortizable fair value adjustments attributable to the merger with MidCarolina Financial Corporation ("MidCarolina") in July 2011 and the merger with MainStreet BankShares, Inc. ("MainStreet") in January 2015. 
  Internet Access to Corporate Documents 
  The Company provides access to its Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filings through a link on the Investor Relations page of the Company's web site at www.amnb.com.  Reports available include annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed electronically with the SEC.  The information on the Company's website is not incorporated into this report or any other filing the Company makes with the SEC.  The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

STRATEGIC EVENT 
  The Company announced in September 2016 its plan to form a de novo branch in each of Roanoke, Virginia, and  Winston-Salem, North Carolina.  Initial staffing for Roanoke includes seven lenders and one credit analyst. Initial staffing for Winston-Salem includes three lenders and one portfolio manager.  Employee additions for Roanoke were made in the late third quarter and had only a limited impact on the financials during the quarter. Employee additions for Winston-Salem were made during the fourth quarter and had no impact on quarterly results.  
  It is expected that the de novo efforts will have a material and positive impact to the Company's balance sheet, especially over the next five quarters. 
  
   38 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Earnings Performance 
  Three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  For the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company reported net income of $3,963,000 compared to $4,037,000 for the comparable quarter in   2015  .  The $74,000 or 1.8% decrease was primarily due to increased salaries expense related to the startup costs for the de novo branch in Roanoke. 

Nine months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  For the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company reported net income of $12,179,000 compared to $10,432,000 for the comparable period in   2015  .  The $1,747,000 or 16.7% increase in earnings was primarily related to non-recurring MainStreet acquisition expenses, which totaled $1,948,000 for the same period of 2015. 

Net Interest Income 
  Net interest income is the difference between interest income on earning assets, primarily loans and securities, and interest expense on interest bearing liabilities, primarily deposits and other funding sources.  Fluctuations in interest rates as well as volume and mix changes in earning assets and interest bearing liabilities can materially impact net interest income.  The following discussion of net interest income is presented on a taxable equivalent basis to facilitate performance comparisons among various taxable and tax-exempt assets, such as certain state and municipal securities.  A tax rate of 35% was used in adjusting interest on tax-exempt assets to a fully taxable equivalent basis.  Net interest income divided by average earning assets is referred to as the net interest margin.  The net interest spread represents the difference between the average rate earned on earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
  
   39 

Three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis increased $361,000 or 2.9%, for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the same quarter of   2015  .  The increase was primarily due to increased loan volume in the 2016 quarter compared to the 2015 quarter. 
  For the   third   quarter of   2016  , the Company's yield on interest-earning assets was 3.93%, compared to 4.06% for the   third   quarter of   2015  .  The cost of interest-bearing liabilities was 0.60% compared to 0.58%, primarily related to a four basis point increase in the cost of time deposits. The interest rate spread was 3.33% compared to 3.48%.  The net interest margin, on a fully taxable equivalent basis, was 3.50% compared to 3.64%, a decrease of fourteen basis points (0.14%). The decrease in net interest margin was driven by lower yields on earning assets and reduced levels of accretion income. 
  
   40 

The following presentation is an analysis of net interest income and related yields and rates, on a taxable equivalent basis, for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  Nonaccrual loans are included in average balances. Interest income on nonaccrual loans, if recognized, is recorded on a cash basis or when the loan returns to accrual status. 

41 

Nine months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis increased $274,000 or 0.71%, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of   2015  .  This change was positively impacted by increased average loans during the 2016 period.  
  For the first   nine   months of   2016  , the Company's yield on interest-earning assets was 3.98%, compared to 4.11% for the same period of   2015  .  The cost of interest-bearing liabilities was 0.61% compared to 0.57%, mostly related to an eight basis point increase in the cost of time deposits.  The interest rate spread was 3.37% compared to 3.54%.  The net interest margin, on a fully taxable equivalent basis, was 3.54% compared to 3.69%, a decrease of fifteen basis points (0.15%). 
  Net interest income for the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015   was positively impacted by increased loan volume.  For the   2016   period, acquisition related accretion income was $1,709,000 or 4.6% of total net interest income.  For the   2015   period, acquisition related accretion income was $2,503,000 or 6.8% of net interest income.  

42 

The following presentation is an analysis of net interest income and related yields and rates, on a taxable equivalent basis, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  Nonaccrual loans are included in average balances.  Interest income on nonaccrual loans, if recognized, is recorded on a cash basis or when the loan returns to accrual status. 

43 

44 

Noninterest Income, three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  For the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , noninterest income increased $65,000 or 2.1% compared to the comparable   2015   quarter.  Details of individual accounts are shown in the table below. 

Trust income decreased slightly due to volatility in the equity markets.  Service charge income was virtually unchanged for the   2016   quarter compared to the   2015   quarter.  Other fees and commissions were positively impacted by higher levels of debit card transaction volume. Mortgage banking income increased significantly in the   2016   quarter as a result of increases in the volume of originations. Net securities gains increased in the 2016 quarter as a result of called securities.  Income from Small Business Investment Companies ("SBICs") reflected a $99,000 decrease compared to the   2015   quarter; this category of income is highly unpredictable.  
  Noninterest Income,   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , noninterest income increased $315,000 or 3.3% compared to the comparable   2015   period.  Details of individual accounts are shown in the table below. 

45 

Trust income decreased for the   2016   period compared to the   2015   period primarily due to volatility early in the year in the equity markets.  Other fees and commissions were positively impacted by higher levels of debit card transaction volume. Mortgage banking income was higher in the   2016   period, based on greater loan demand in existing markets and the impact of the MainStreet acquisition. Net securities gains increased in the 2016 period as a result of gains from called securities.  Income from SBICs reflected a $189,000 decrease compared to the   2015   period; this category of income is highly unpredictable.  Other income increased $212,000 compared to the 2015 period primarily due to the additional income from investments in limited partnerships during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Noninterest Expense, three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , noninterest expense increased $479,000 or 5.1%.  Details of individual accounts are shown in the table below. 

Salaries expense increased in the   2016   quarter as compared to   2015   quarter as a result of additional compensation expenses relate to the de novo branch start-up in Roanoke and Winston-Salem.  Approximately $200,000 of the increase was related to the de novo branches, of which $150,000 were nonrecurring payments.  Full time equivalent employees at the end of the 2016 quarter were 309, down from 310 for the prior year; the additional employees for the de novo branches were added at the end of the quarter.  Other real estate owned expenses increased in   2016   compared to 2015.  The 2015 quarter reflected a gain on the sale of one foreclosed property in the amount of $183,000.  
  
   46 

Noninterest Expense,   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , noninterest expense decreased $1,636,000 or 5.3%.  Details of individual accounts are shown in the table below. 

Salaries increased in the   2016   period as compared to the   2015   period primarily related to the additional compensation expenses of the de novo branch. Approximately $200,000 of the increase was related to the de novo, of which $150,000 were nonrecurring payments. The change in other real estate owned expenses during the   2016   period was primarily a result of the gain on the sale of one foreclosed property in the amount of $183,000 during the 2015 period.  The largest component of the decrease in expense was the   2015   nonrecurring merger related expenses of $1.9 million, which was the primary change in the overall reduction.  

47 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  The efficiency ratio is calculated by dividing noninterest expense excluding gains or losses on the sale of other real estate owned ("OREO") by net interest income including tax equivalent income on nontaxable loans and securities and noninterest income and excluding (i) gains or losses on securities and (ii) gains or losses on sale of premises and equipment. The efficiency ratio for the   2016   and   2015   quarters was 61.25%. The Company expects continued improvement in this ratio in coming quarters. This is a non-GAAP financial measure that the Company believes provides investors with important information regarding operational efficiency. Such information is not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be construed as such. Management believes, however, such financial information is meaningful to the reader in understanding operating performance, but cautions that such information not be viewed as a substitute for GAAP. The Company, in referring to its net income, is referring to income under GAAP. The components of the efficiency ratio calculation are summarized in the following table (dollars in thousands):   

  Net interest margin is calculated by dividing tax equivalent net interest income by total average earning assets. Because a portion of interest income earned by the Company is nontaxable, the tax equivalent net interest income is considered in the calculation of this ratio. Tax equivalent net interest income is calculated by adding the tax benefit realized from interest income that is nontaxable to total interest income then subtracting total interest expense. The tax rate utilized in calculating the tax benefit for both 2016 and 2015 quarters is 35%. The reconciliation of tax equivalent net interest income, which is not a measurement under GAAP, to net interest income, is reflected in the table below (in thousands): 

48 

Income Taxes 
  The effective tax rate for the   third   quarter of   2016   was 29.45% compared to 29.52% for the   third   quarter of   2015  .  The effective tax rate is lower than the statutory rate of 35% due to income that is not taxable for federal income tax purposes.  The primary non-taxable income is that of state and municipal securities and loans. 
  The effective tax rate for the first   nine   months of   2016   was 29.81% compared to 28.12% for the same period of   2015  .  The increase in the effective tax rate of 1.69% is primarily related to a lower level of tax exempt municipal securities income. 
  Fair Value Impact to Net Income 
  The following table presents the impact for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   of the accretable and amortizable fair value adjustments attributable to the July 2011 acquisition of MidCarolina and the January 2015 acquisition of MainStreet on net interest income and pretax income (dollars in thousands): 

49 

The following table presents the impact for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2015   of the accretable and amortizable fair value adjustments attributable to the two acquisitions mentioned above on net interest income and pretax income (dollars in thousands): 

Generally accepted accounting principles for business combinations require the acquired balance sheet to be valued at fair value at the time of the merger.  In the context of acquiring a commercial bank, most of the balance sheet is interest rate sensitive and this can generate significant discounts or premiums to contractual values.  These discounts or premiums will have a potentially significant impact to net interest income and to net income. 
  The table below summarizes the impact of the fair value acquisition related accounting adjustments on net interest income and total pretax income of the MidCarolina ("MC" for the table below only) and MainStreet ("MS" for the table below only) acquisitions for the   three and nine   month periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

The MidCarolina acquisition was effective July 1, 2011 and the MainStreet acquisition was effective January 1, 2015.  Management expects that the acquisition accounting financial impact of these acquisitions will continue to decline in future quarters. 
  
   50 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
  The majority of assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature and therefore differ greatly from most commercial and industrial companies that have significant investments in fixed assets or inventories.  The most significant effect of inflation is on noninterest expense, which tends to rise during periods of inflation.  Changes in interest rates have a greater impact on a financial institution's profitability than do the effects of higher costs for goods and services.  Through its balance sheet management practices, the Company has the ability to react to those changes and measure and monitor its interest rate and liquidity risk.  During the reported periods, inflation and interest rates have been low. 

CHANGES IN FINANCIAL POSITION 

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
  Securities 
  The securities portfolio generates income, plays a major role in the management of interest rate sensitivity, provides a source of liquidity, is used to meet collateral requirements for public deposits, and facilitates commercial customers' repurchase agreements.  The portfolio consists primarily of high credit quality, very liquid securities.  Federal agency and U. S. government sponsored enterprises, mortgage-backed securities, state and municipal securities, and corporates comprise the portfolio. 
  The available for sale securities portfolio was $351,439,000 at   September 30, 2016  , compared to $340,349,000 at   December 31, 2015  , an increase of $11,090,000 or 3.26%.  At   September 30, 2016  , the available for sale portfolio had an amortized cost of $344,378,000 resulting in a net unrealized gain of $7,061,000.  At   December 31, 2015  , the available for sale portfolio had an amortized cost of $334,008,000, resulting in a net unrealized gain of $6,341,000. 
  The Company is cognizant of the continuing historically low and recently volatile interest rate environment and has elected to maintain a defensive asset liability strategy of purchasing high quality taxable securities of relatively short duration and somewhat longer-term tax exempt securities, whose market values are not as volatile in rising rate environments as similar termed taxable investments.  
   The Company manages its investment portfolio on an aggregate portfolio basis for purposes of monitoring and controlling average life and duration.  Accordingly, some individual purchases may fall outside these overall guidelines.  The Company will continue to deploy its cash to the maximum extent practical and prudent, consistent with its liquidity and asset liability strategies, and regulatory requirements.  
  Loans 
  The loan portfolio consists primarily of commercial and residential real estate loans, commercial loans to small and medium-sized businesses, construction and land development loans, and home equity loans. 
  Total loans were $1,083,201,000 at   September 30, 2016  , compared to $1,005,525,000 at   December 31, 2015  , an increase of $77,676,000 or 7.72%.  The increase is a result of organic growth resulting from improving economic conditions and business development efforts in the Bank's markets. 
  In addition, recently announced plans for establishing a de novo branch in each of Roanoke and in Winston-Salem are expected to have a material and positive impact on loan growth over the next several quarters.   
  Loans held for sale totaled $4,776,000 at   September 30, 2016   and $3,266,000 at   December 31, 2015  .  Loan production volume was $53,870,000 for the nine month period ending   September 30, 2016   and $59,030,000 for the year ended December 31, 2015.  These loans were approximately 60% purchase and 40% refinancing. 
  
   51 

Management of the loan portfolio is organized around classes.  Each class is comprised of various loan types that are reflective of operational and regulatory management and reporting requirements.  The following table presents the Company's loan portfolio by class as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

Provision for Loan Losses 
  Provision for loan losses was $200,000 for the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $700,000 for the same period ended   September 30, 2015  .  The need for additional provision in the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016   was mitigated by improvement in various qualitative factors used in the determination of the allowance, notably asset quality and local economic conditions.  Provision expense in the   2015   period was unusually large as a result of the quarterly review of expected cash flows from certain purchased credit impaired loans. 
  Allowance for Loan Losses ("ALLL") 
  The purpose of the ALLL is to provide for probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio.  The allowance is increased by the provision for loan losses and by recoveries of previously charged-off loans. Loan charge-offs decrease the allowance. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the ALLL was $12,757,000 compared to $12,601,000 at   December 31, 2015  .  The ALLL as a percentage of total loans was 1.18% and 1.25%, respectively.  
  As part of the Company's methodology to evaluate the adequacy of its ALLL, the Company computes its ASC 450 loan balance by reducing total loans by acquired loans and loans that were evaluated for impairment individually or smaller balance nonaccrual loans evaluated for impairment in homogeneous pools.  The FASB ASC 450 loan loss reserve balance is the total ALLL reduced by allowances associated with these other pools of loans. 
  The general allowance, ASC 450 (FAS 5) reserves to FASB ASC 450 loans, was 1.27% at   September 30, 2016  , compared to 1.40% at   December 31, 2015  .  On a dollar basis, the reserve was $12,371,000 at   September 30, 2016  , compared to $12,159,000 at   December 31, 2015  .  The percentage of the reserve to total loans has declined due to improving local economic conditions and continued improvement in asset quality as evidenced by reductions in substandard loans, special mention loans, nonaccrual loans and past due loans.  This segment of the allowance represents by far the largest portion of the loan portfolio and the largest aggregate risk.   
  The specific allowance, ASC 310-40 (FAS 114) reserves to FASB ASC 310-40 loans, was 0.44% at   September 30, 2016  , compared to 0.74% at   December 31, 2015  .  On a dollar basis, the reserve was $22,000 at   September 30, 2016  , compared to $35,000 at   December 31, 2015  .  There is ongoing turnover in the composition of the impaired loan population, which increased by a net $373,000 over   December 31, 2015  .  Newly evaluated impaired loans did not have a significant impact on the overall impairment allowance. 
  
   52 

The specific allowance does not include reserves related to acquired loans with deteriorated credit quality.  This reserve was $364,000 at   September 30, 2016   compared to $407,000 at   December 31, 2015  .  This is the only portion of the reserve related to acquired impaired loans.  Cash flow expectations for these loans are reviewed on a quarterly basis and unfavorable changes in those estimates relative to the initial estimates can result in the need for additional loan loss provision.  The decrease in this impairment for the current period is related to the recasting of expected cash flows during the quarter, which utilized lifetime default probabilities and loss given default estimates.  This recast also incorporated an upward migration in risk grades for loans in the acquired impaired portfolio.  The following table presents the Company's loan loss and recovery experience for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

53 

Asset Quality Indicators 
  The following table provides qualitative indicators relevant to the Company's loan portfolio for the   nine   month period and year indicated below. 
   
 (1) - annualized. 
  Nonperforming Assets (Loans and Other Real Estate Owned) 
  Nonperforming loans include loans on which interest is no longer accrued and accruing loans that are contractually past due 90 days or more. Nonperforming loans include loans originated and loans acquired. 
  Nonperforming loans to total loans were 0.36% at   September 30, 2016   and 0.52% at   December 31, 2015  .  
  Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and OREO.  Nonperforming assets represented 0.31% of total assets at   September 30, 2016  , down from 0.48% at   December 31, 2015  .  This decrease was related primarily to the decreases in OREO and net charge-offs. 
  In most cases, it is the policy of the Company that any loan that becomes 90 days past due will automatically be placed on nonaccrual loan status, accrued interest reversed out of income, and further interest accrual ceased.  Any payments received on such loans will be credited to principal. In some cases a loan in process of renewal may become 90 days past due.  In these instances the loan may still be accruing because of a delayed renewal process in which the customer has not been billed.  
  Loans will only be restored to full accrual status after six consecutive months of payments that were each less than 30 days delinquent.  The Company strictly adheres with this policy before restoring a loan to normal accrual status. 
  
   54 

The following table presents the Company's nonperforming assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

Impaired Loans 
  A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  The following table shows loans that were considered impaired, exclusive of acquired impaired loans, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands):  

Troubled Debt Restructurings ("TDRs") 
  TDRs exist whenever the Company makes a concession to a customer based on the customer's financial distress that would not have otherwise been made in the normal course of business. 
  There was $2,527,000 in TDRs at   September 30, 2016   compared to $1,958,000 at   December 31, 2015  .  These loans are included in the impaired loan table above. 
  
   55 

Other Real Estate Owned 
  Other real estate owned was $1,145,000 and $2,184,000 as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. OREO is initially recorded at fair value, less estimated costs to sell, at the date of foreclosure.  Loan losses resulting from foreclosure are charged against the ALLL at that time.  Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of the new cost basis or fair value, less estimated costs to sell with any additional write-downs charged against earnings.  For significant assets, these valuations are typically outside annual appraisals.  The following table shows the Company's OREO as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

Deposits 
  The Company's deposits consist primarily of checking, money market, savings, and consumer time deposits.  Total deposits were $1,306,008,000 at   September 30, 2016   compared to $1,262,660,000 at   December 31, 2015  , an increase of $43,348,000 or 3.43%. This growth is mostly in non-maturity, core deposits, the heart of our balance sheet.  
  The Company's primary focus on the liability side of the balance sheet is growing core deposits and their affiliated relationships.  The continuing challenge in this ongoing low rate environment is to fund the Bank in a cost effective and competitive manner.  The Company's cost of deposits for the   third   quarter of   2016   was 0.53%, up from 0.52% for the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
  Shareholders' Equity 
  The Company's capital management strategy is to be classified as "well capitalized" under regulatory capital ratios and provide as high as possible total return to shareholders. 
  Shareholders' equity was $203,713,000 at   September 30, 2016   compared to $197,835,000 at   December 31, 2015  , an increase of $5,878,000 or 2.97%.   
  The Company paid cash dividends of $0.72 per share during the first   nine   months of   2016   while the aggregate basic and diluted earnings per share for the same period was $1.41 per share. 
  In July 2013, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System issued final rules that make technical changes to its capital rules to align them with the Basel III regulatory capital framework and meet certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act.  The final rules maintain the general structure of the prompt corrective action framework in effect at such time while incorporating certain increased minimum requirements.  Effective January 1, 2015, the final rules require the Company and the Bank to comply with the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5% of risk-weighted assets; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0% of risk-weighted assets (increased from the prior requirement of 4.0%); (iii) a total capital ratio of 8.0% of risk-weighted assets (unchanged from the prior requirement); and (iv) a leverage ratio of 4.0% of total assets (unchanged from the prior requirement). These are the initial capital requirements, which will be phased in over a four-year period.  When fully phased in on January 1, 2019, the rules will require the Company and the Bank to maintain such minimum ratios plus a 2.5% "capital conservation buffer" (other than for the leverage ratio).  The capital conservation buffer requirement will be phased in beginning January 1, 2016, at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets, increasing by the same amount each year until fully implemented at 2.5% on January 1, 2019.  Management believes the Company and the Bank will be compliant with the fully phased-in requirements when they become effective January 1, 2019. 
  
   56 

The following table provides information on the regulatory capital ratios for the Company and the Bank at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  Management believes, as of   September 30, 2016  , that the Company and the Bank more than satisfy all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 

Stock Repurchase Plan 
  On November 19, 2015, the Company filed a Form 8-K with the SEC to announce the approval by its Board of Directors of a stock repurchase program. The plan authorizes the repurchase of up to 300,000 shares of the Company's common shares over a two year period. The share purchase limit was established at such number to equal to approximately 3.5% of the 8,622,000 shares then outstanding at the time the Board approved the program. 
  In the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company repurchased 51,384 shares at an average cost of $25.14 per share, for a total cost of $1,292,000. During the same period in 2015, the Company repurchased 121,636 shares at an average cost of $23.09 per share, for a total cost of $2,808,000. 
  Liquidity 
  Liquidity is the ability of the Company to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss and to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities in a timely manner.  Liquidity management involves maintaining the Company's ability to meet the daily cash flow requirements of its customers, whether they are borrowers requiring funds or depositors desiring to withdraw funds.  Additionally, the Company requires cash for various operating needs including dividends to shareholders, the servicing of debt, and the payment of general corporate expenses.  The Company manages its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates through policies approved by the Asset Liability Committee ("ALCO") and Board of Directors, both of which receive periodic reports of the Company's interest rate risk and liquidity position.  The Company uses a computer simulation model to assist in the management of the future liquidity needs of the Company.  
  Liquidity sources include on balance sheet and off balance sheet sources. 
  Balance sheet liquidity sources include cash, amounts due from banks, loan repayments, and increases in deposits.  The Company also maintains a large, high quality, very liquid bond portfolio, which is generally 50% to 60% unpledged and would, accordingly, be available for sale if necessary.      
  Off balance sheet sources include lines of credit from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ("FHLB"), federal funds lines of credit, and access to the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond's discount window.  
  The Company has a line of credit with the FHLB, equal to 30% of the Bank's assets, subject to the amount of collateral pledged.  Under the terms of its collateral agreement with the FHLB, the Company provides a blanket lien covering all of its residential first mortgage loans, second mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, and commercial real estate loans.  In addition, the Company pledges as collateral its capital stock in and deposits with the FHLB.  At   September 30, 2016  , principal advance obligations to the FHLB, net of acquisition related fair value adjustments, consisted of $9,974,000 in fixed-rate, long-term advances compared to $9,958,000 in fixed-rate, long-term advances at   December 31, 2015  .  The Company also had outstanding $70,700,000 in letters of credit at   September 30, 2016   and at   December 31, 2015  .  The letters of credit provide the Bank with alternate collateral for securing public entity deposits above Federal Deposit Insurance Company ("FDIC") insurance levels, thereby providing less need for collateral pledging from the securities portfolio, and thereby maximizing on balance sheet liquidity. 
  
   57 

Short-term borrowings are discussed in Note 7 and long-term borrowings are discussed in Note 8 in the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
  The Company has federal funds lines of credit established with two correspondent banks in the amounts of $15,000,000 each, and has access to the Federal Reserve Bank's discount window.   
  The Company has a relationship with Promontory Network, the sponsoring entity for the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service  ("CDARS").  Through CDARS, the Company is able to provide deposit customers with access to aggregate FDIC insurance in amounts exceeding $250,000.  This gives the Company the ability, as and when needed, to attract and retain large deposits from insurance conscious customers.  CDARS are classified as brokered deposits; however, they are generally derived from customers with whom the Company has or wishes to have a direct and ongoing relationship.  As a result, management considers these deposits functionally, though not technically, core deposits.  With CDARS, the Company has the option to keep deposits on balance sheet or sell them to other members of the network.  Additionally, subject to certain limits, the Bank can use CDARS to purchase cost-effective funding without collateralization and in lieu of generating funds through traditional brokered CDs or the FHLB.  In this manner, CDARS can provide the Company with another funding option.  Thus, CDARS serves as a deposit-gathering tool and an additional liquidity management tool.  Deposits through the CDARS program as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , were $25,634,000 and $23,633,000, respectively. 
  Management believes that these sources provide sufficient and timely liquidity, both on and off the balance sheet. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Activities 
  The Company enters into certain financial transactions in the ordinary course of performing traditional banking services that result in off-balance sheet transactions.  Other than subsidiaries to issue trust preferred securities, the Company does not have any off-balance sheet subsidiaries.  Off-balance sheet transactions at   September 30, 2016   and at   December 31, 2015   were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Commitments to extend credit to customers represent legally binding agreements with fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses.  Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being funded, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future funding requirements.  Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company guaranteeing the performance of a customer to a third party.  Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  Market Risk Management 
    
  Effectively managing market risk is essential to achieving the Company's financial objectives.  Market risk reflects the risk of economic loss resulting from changes in interest rates and market prices.  The Company is generally not subject to currency exchange risk or commodity price risk.  The Company's primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk; however, market risk also includes liquidity risk.  Both are discussed in the following sections. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk Management 
  Interest rate risk and its impact on net interest income is a primary market risk exposure.  The Company manages its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates through policies approved by the ALCO and Board of Directors, both of which receive and review periodic reports of the Company's interest rate risk position. 
  The Company uses computer simulation analysis to measure the sensitivity of projected earnings to changes in interest rates.  Simulation takes into account current balance sheet volumes and the scheduled repricing dates instrument level optionality, and maturities of assets and liabilities.  It incorporates numerous assumptions including growth, changes in the mix  
  
   58 

of assets and liabilities, prepayments, and average rates earned and paid.  Based on this information, management uses the model to project net interest income under multiple interest rate scenarios. 
    
  A balance sheet is considered asset sensitive when its earning assets (loans and securities) reprice faster or to a greater extent than its liabilities (deposits and borrowings).  An asset sensitive balance sheet will produce relatively more net interest income when interest rates rise and less net interest income when they decline.  Based on the Company's simulation analysis, management believes the Company's interest sensitivity position at   September 30, 2016   is asset sensitive.  Management expects that the general direction of market interest rates will be stable to up, though volatility, sometimes substantial, is anticipated in the short-term. 
    
  Earnings Simulation 
    
  The following table shows the estimated impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands), assuming gradual and parallel changes in interest rates, and consistent levels of assets and liabilities.   Net interest income for the following twelve months is projected to increase when interest rates are higher than current rates. 

Management cannot predict future interest rates or their exact effect on net interest income.  Computations of future effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on numerous assumptions and should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results.  Certain limitations are inherent in such computations.  Assets and liabilities may react differently than projected to changes in market interest rates.  The interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while rates on other types of assets and liabilities may lag changes in market interest rates.  Interest rate shifts may not be parallel. 
  Changes in interest rates can cause substantial changes in the amount of prepayments of loans and mortgage-backed securities, which may in turn affect the Company's interest rate sensitivity position.  Additionally, credit risk may rise if an interest rate increase adversely affects the ability of borrowers to service their debt. 
  Economic Value Simulation 
  Economic value simulation is used to calculate the estimated fair value of assets and liabilities over different interest rate environments. Economic values are calculated based on discounted cash flow analysis. The net economic value of equity is the economic value of all assets minus the economic value of all liabilities. The change in net economic value over different rate environments is an indication of the longer-term earnings capability of the balance sheet. The same assumptions are used in the economic value simulation as in the earnings simulation. The economic value simulation uses instantaneous rate shocks to the balance sheet. 
  
   59 

The following table reflects the estimated change in net economic value over different rate environments using economic value simulation for the balances at the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

Due to the current low interest rate environment, no measurement was considered necessary for a further decline in interest rates.  There have been no material changes to market risk as disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  Refer to those disclosures for further information. 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  The Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as of   September 30, 2016  .  Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms.  There were no significant changes in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   60 

PART II.     OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  The nature of the business of the Company ordinarily results in a certain amount of litigation. The Company is involved in various legal proceedings, all of which are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business. Management believes that these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations of the Company. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016. 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  On November 19, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 300,000 shares of the Company's outstanding common stock for a period of two years.  Repurchases may be made through open market purchases or in privately negotiated transactions, and shares repurchased will be returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of common stock.  The actual timing, number, and value of shares repurchased under the program will be determined by management. 
  Shares of the Company's common stock were repurchased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as detailed below.  Under the share repurchase program, the Company has the remaining authority to repurchase up to 234,915 shares of the Company's common stock as of   September 30, 2016  . 

ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  None 

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not applicable 

ITEM 5.  OTHER INFORMATION 
  (a)  Required 8-K disclosures 
  None 
  (b)  Changes in Nominating Process 
  None 
  
   61 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 
  11.0        Refer to EPS calculation in the Notes to Financial Statements 
  31.1        Section 302 Certification of Jeffrey V. Haley, President and Chief Executive Officer 
  31.2        Section 302 Certification of William W. Traynham, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  32.1        Section 906 Certification of Jeffrey V. Haley, President and Chief Executive Officer 
  32.2        Section 906 Certification of William W. Traynham, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
   
   62 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
  AMERICAN NATIONAL BANKSHARES INC. 

/s/ Jeffrey V. Haley 

Jeffrey V. Haley 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
      
      Date - November 7, 2016 
    (principal executive officer) 

/s/ William W. Traynham 

William W. Traynham 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 
      
      Date - November 7, 2016 
    (principal financial officer) 

/s/ Cathy W. Liles 

Cathy W. Liles 

Senior Vice President and 

Chief Accounting Officer 
      
      Date - November 7, 2016 
    (principal accounting officer) 

63 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 amnb-09302016xexhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

I, Jeffrey V. Haley, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of American National Bankshares Inc.; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date: November 7, 2016 
    
  /s/ Jeffrey V. Haley 
  Jeffrey V. Haley, 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 amnb-09302016xexhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

I, William W. Traynham, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of American National Bankshares Inc.; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)  that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date: November 7, 2016 
    
  /s/ William W. Traynham 
  William W. Traynham, 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 amnb-09302016xexhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of American National Bankshares Inc. (the "Company") for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Jeffrey V. Haley, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jeffrey V. Haley 
  Jeffrey V. Haley 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

November 7, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 amnb-09302016xexhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of American National Bankshares Inc. (the "Company") for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, William W. Traynham, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ William W. Traynham 
  William W. Traynham 
  Executive Vice President and 
  Chief Financial Officer 

November 7, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 amnb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 amnb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 amnb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 amnb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 amnb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 amnb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

