<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161013_10-K_edgar_data_1089319_0001121781-16-000553_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2711961</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88680</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>184904</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>583592</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1003316</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>735611</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>56</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001121781-16-000553.hdr.sgml : 20161013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161013155058
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001121781-16-000553
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FREESTONE RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001089319
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		IRS NUMBER:				330880427
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28753
		FILM NUMBER:		161934998

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		REPUBLIC CENTER, SUITE 1350
		STREET 2:		325 N. ST. PAUL STREET
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-880-4870

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		REPUBLIC CENTER, SUITE 1350
		STREET 2:		325 N. ST. PAUL STREET
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ICHARGEIT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001121781-16-000553.txt : 20161013

10-K
 1
 fsnr10k63016.htm
 FREESTONE RESOURCES, INC.

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D. C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

For the Fiscal Year Ended  June 30, 2016  

For the Transition Period from ________ to ________ 

FREESTONE RESOURCES,
INC.   

  (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 214-880-4870  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  Common
Stock, Par value $0.001 

Indicate by a check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes o  No     

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act. Yes  o 
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has (1) filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past
90 days. Yes     No o  

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its website, if any, every Interactive File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (   325.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files), Yes
    No o   

Indicate by check if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K (s229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K X 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer  
      o  
      Accelerated Filer  
      o   

Non-Accelerated Filer  
      o  
      Smaller Reporting Company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act):  Yes  o  No     

Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant as of December 31, 2015: $10,276,044 

Indicate the number of Shares of outstanding of each of the
Registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:  As of September 30, 2016, the Registrant had
91,238,177 shares of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   

Item 1.  
      Description of Business  
       
      5  

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
       
      7  

Item 1B.  
      Unresolved Staff Comments  
       
      7  

Item 2.  
      Description of Properties  

Item 3.  
      Legal Proceedings  
       
      7  

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       
      7  

PART II   

Item 5.  
      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
       
      8  

Item 6.  
      Selected Financial Data  
       
      8  

Item 7.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
      8  

Item 7A.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
       
      11  

Item 8.  
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
       
      11  

Item 9.  
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
       
      11  

Item 9A.  
      Controls and Procedures  
       
      11  

Item 9B.  
      Other Information  

PART III   

Item 10.  
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
       
      12  

Item 11.  
      Executive Compensation  
       
      14  

Item 12.  
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
       
      14  

Item 13.  
      Certain Relationship and Related Transactions and Director Independence  
       
      15  

Item 14.  
      Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
       
      15  

PART IV   

Item 15.  
      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
       
      15  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This report includes forward-looking
statements as the term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 or by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission in its rules, regulations and releases, regarding, among other things, all statements other than statements of historical
facts contained in this report, including statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives
of management for future operations. The words  believe,   may,   estimate,   continue, 
 anticipate,   intend,   should,   plan,   could,   target, 
 potential,   is likely,   will,   expect  and similar expressions, as they relate
to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current
expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results
of operations, business strategy and financial needs.  In addition, our past results of operations do not necessarily
indicate our future results. 

Other sections of this
report may include additional factors which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. New risk factors emerge
from time to time and it is not possible for us to anticipate all the relevant risks to our business, and we cannot assess the
impact of all such risks on our business or the extent to 

 which any risk, or combination of risks, may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Those factors include, among
others, those matters disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except as otherwise required
by applicable laws and regulations, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the
risk factors described in this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other
reason after the date of this report. Neither the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 nor Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 provides any protection to us for statements made in this report. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events or performance. We cannot assure you that the events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking
statements will be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. 

PART I  

ITEM 1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  

Company Background  

Freestone Resources, Inc. (the  Company 
or  Freestone ), a Nevada corporation, is an oil and gas technology development company that is actively developing
and marketing technologies and solvents designed to benefit various sectors in the oil and gas industry. The Company has re-launched
its Petrozene  solvent after developing a new and improved formula. Petrozene  is primarily used to dissolve paraffin
buildup, and it is primarily used for pipelines, oil storage tanks, oil sludge build up, de-emulsification, well treatment, as
a corrosion inhibitor and as a catalyst in opening up formations thereby aiding in oil production. 

On June 24, 2015 Freestone purchased 100% of
the common stock of C.C. Crawford Retreading Company, Inc. ( CTR ), a Texas corporation. CTR is an Off-The-Road ( OTR )
tire company located in Ennis, Texas, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Freestone. CTR s primary business is to repair, recycle,
dispose of and sell OTR tires, which are used on large, industrial equipment. Freestone made the decision to purchased CTR in order
to utilize the CTR facility for the production of Petrozene . 

On June 24, 2015 the Company formed Freestone
Dynamis Energy Products, LLC ( FDEP ) with Dynamis Energy, LLC ( Dynamis ). FDEP was formed in order to
operate and manage the specialized pyrolysis process that is used to create Petrozene  and other byproducts of value. Freestone
chose to work with Dynamis based on their extensive engineering and waste-to-energy expertise. Freestone owns a 70% member interest
in FDEP. 

The acquisition of CTR and the formation of
FDEP have allowed Freestone to vertically integrate the Petrozene  product line. CTR will remain an auxiliary company that
will maintain existing operations that complement the efforts of FDEP and Freestone. 

Available Information  

The Freestone website is  www.freestoneresources.com .  The
Company s references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.  The Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant
to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ).  

The public may read and copy any materials
filed by the Company with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549.
The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The
SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy, and information statements and other information regarding issuers
that file electronically with the SEC at  http://www.sec.gov . 

Products and Services  

OTR Tire Services   

CTR has been involved in the OTR tire business
since 1987. Since its formation, CTR has evolved into a unique company that can handle most of the needs of its customers that
require OTR tire services. These services include: 

Specialized OTR tire repair services quickly and efficiently, and at competitive prices; and   

Disposal services for OTR tires that can no longer be used or repaired; and   

A substantial inventory of used OTR tires for sale; and   

Recycling OTR tires for alternative uses that prevent them from going to landfills.    

Petrozene      

Freestone purchased CTR in order to use a specialized
pyrolysis technology. Pyrolysis, by definition, is the decomposition of organic matter in the absence of oxygen. The Company and
FDEP will use this process to convert the OTR tires that have been disposed of into byproducts of value. One of the byproducts
from this process is used in the production of Petrozene . The use of pyrolysis allows Freestone and CTR to reduce the amount
of tires that would have otherwise been disposed of in landfills. 

Customers  

CTR provides services to many international
OTR tire dealers. These OTR tire dealers make up a majority of its customer base. 

Competition  

OTR Tire Services   

Several tire processing companies are permitted
in the Dallas/Ft. Worth area, but most of them cannot handle OTR tires due to the size of the OTR tires. CTR has its own trucks,
forklifts and other equipment that are necessary for the management and processing of OTR tires. CTR also has specialized, on-site
shredding equipment to convert the OTR tires into one inch tire pieces that can be sold as a tire derived fuel ( TDF ),
or processed in the specialized pyrolysis technology. 

CTR is one of the few tire processing facilities
that provide other services to its customers. These additional services include the sale of used OTR tires and the repair of OTR
tires. CTR s operations focus on the states of Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, New Mexico and Arkansas. Focusing on these specific
states allow CTR to provide some of the fastest repair turnarounds in the industry. 

Petrozene      

Many oil and gas service companies and petro-chemical
companies provide a product that competes with Petrozene . The Company s advantage is that Petrozene  is derived
from a readily available waste product, and the pyrolysis process used to create Petrozene  is extremely cost efficient.
Most of the Company s competitors use synthetically derived chemicals that are extremely expensive to develop and manufacture. 

Research and Development  

Freestone and its partners are continuously
evaluating technologies and processes that can convert waste streams into valuable byproducts. Freestone s main focus has
been the development of byproducts that can be used by the oil and gas industry to increase production and efficiency. The Company s
research has resulted in the relaunch of Petrozene , and expanding the ways in which Petrozene  can be utilized. Freestone s
partners and customers have provided valuable feedback that has continued to help create a superior product. 

Growth Strategy  

Freestone is actively pursuing a strategy of
growth through the vertical integration of Petrozene . The implementation of this strategy allows the Company to reduce variables
that could affect growth, performance and the quality of its products. In addition, Freestone and FDEP are providing CTR with another
recycling option. This means that more tires will be processed each year, and thus will allow CTR to increase its disposal operations. 

Government Approval and Environmental Matters  

CTR is registered with the Texas Commission
on Environmental Quality ( TCEQ ) as a transporter and scrap tire facility. 

Freestone s and CTR s operations
and properties are subject to extensive and changing federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection,
including the generation, storage, handling, emission, transportation and discharge of materials into the environment, and relating
to safety and health. The recent trend in environmental legislation and regulation generally is toward stricter standards, and
this trend will likely continue. 

The permits required for our operations may
be subject to revocation, modification and renewal by issuing authorities. Governmental authorities have the power to enforce their
regulations, and violations are subject to fines or injunctions, or both. 

On
September 6, 2016 CTR received a Notice of Enforcement for Compliance Evaluation Investigation from the TCEQ informing them of
potential violations related to its processing permit. On September 6, 2016 FDEP also received a Notice of Enforcement for Compliance
Evaluation Investigation informing them of potential violations relating to waste disposal and its permit for pyrolysis process. 

CTR s potential violations related to
tires stored in excess of the numbers permitted and noncompliance with fire regulations. CTR has submitted a plan to reduce the
number of tires and bring the facility into full compliance with all fire regulations within nine months. 

FDEP s potential violations regarded
failure to properly classify, track and dispose of hazards waste as well as operating a pyrolysis machine without a separate permit
from CTR. FDEP cured the potential hazards waste issue and submitted documentation of such to the TCEQ. FDEP has applied for a
separate permit for its pyrolysis operation and is awaiting approval from the TCEQ. 

In conjunction with the plan submitted to the
TCEQ to bring the tire storage facility into compliance CTR has increased its environmental and tire disposal accrual by approximately
$368,000. (See financial statement Note 7). 

Intellectual Property  

Freestone is the owner of the Petrozene 
trademark. Freestone does not own any patents at this time. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  

As a smaller reporting company we are not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

None. 

ITEM 2.  DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY  

Freestone's corporate offices are located at
Republic Center, Suite 1350, 325 N. St. Paul St. Dallas, TX 75201.  Freestone entered into a lease agreement amendment
on April 30 th  2014 on this property to extend its lease for a term of three years. CTR is located at 101 W. Ave. D,
Ennis TX 75119 and owns approximately 10.141 acres with three buildings consisting of 32,800 square feet. 

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

Freestone and CTR are not subject to any material
pending legal proceedings, nor are the companies aware of any material threatened claims against them. 

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

None.   

PART II  

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  

The Common Stock is currently quoted on the
OTCQB under the symbol  FSNR.  

The following tables set forth the quarterly
high and low bid prices for the Common Stock for 2016 and 2015.  The prices set forth below represent interdealer quotations,
without retail markup, markdown or commission and may not be reflective of actual transactions. 

Shareholders  

As of June 30, 2016, there were approximately 256 record holders
of the Common Stock. This number excludes any estimate by Freestone of the number of beneficial owners of shares held in street
name, the accuracy of which cannot be guaranteed. 

Dividends  

Freestone has not paid cash dividends
on any class of common equity since formation and Freestone does not anticipate paying any dividends on its outstanding common
stock in the foreseeable future. 

Warrants  

As of June 30, 2016 the Company had no outstanding stock warrants. 

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

As a smaller reporting company we are not required to report selected
financial data disclosures as required by item 301 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

At present, Freestone s management is
focused on the development and vertical integration of the Petrozene  product line. Freestone continues to look for various
solvents, chemicals, and technologies that might fit into Freestone s petro-chemical line, and continues to seek opportunities
in the oil and gas water industry. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The Company s consolidated financial
statements were prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  As such, management is required
to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that they believe are reasonable based upon the information available.  These
estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of income and expense during the periods presented.  The significant accounting policies which
management believes are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results include the
following: 

Revenue Recognition  

Freestone and CTR recognize revenue from the
sale of products in accordance with ASC 605.  Revenue will be recognized only when all of the following criteria have
been met: 

Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; and   

Ownership and all risks of loss have been transferred to buyer, which is generally upon delivery; and   

The price is fixed and determinable; and   

Collectability is reasonably assured.   

The three main sources of revenue are recognized
as follows: 

Revenues associated with tire disposals are recognized upon receipt of the tire by CTR; and   

Revenues associated with tire repairs are invoiced and recognized upon completion of repair and receipt of the tire by the customer; and   

Revenue associated with used tires and scrap sales are recognized upon delivery of the product to the customer.   

Stock Based Compensation  

Pursuant
to Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 505, the guidelines for recording stock issued for services require the
fair value of the shares granted be based on the fair value of the services received or the publicly traded share price of the
Company s registered shares on the date the shares were granted (irrespective of the fact that the shares granted were unregistered),
whichever is more readily determinable.  This position has been further clarified by the issuance of ASC 820. ASC
820 defines fair value as  the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date . Accordingly, the Company elected the application of these
guidelines.  Freestone has determined that the fair value of all common stock issued for goods or services is more readily
determinable based on the publicly traded share price on the date of grant. 

Results of Operations for the Year ended June 30, 2016 (Successor)
Compared to the Period from July 1, 2014 to June 24, 2015 (Predecessor).   

Revenues  

Revenues for the year ended June 30, 2016 (Successor)
and the period from July 1, 2014 to June 24, 2015 (Predecessor) and were $1,098,926 and $1,115,020, respectively. The decrease
was primarily due to a decrease in used tire sales and tire repair revenue. Tire disposal revenue increased by 19% over the previous
year. 

  Cost of Goods and Gross Profit  

The Company s gross margin dropped from
48% to 1.7%. This is primarily due to a $368,000 accrual to tire disposal expense for the cost of bringing CTR in compliance with
TCEQ regulations as discussed above. The Company had previously anticipated using all the tire stock in the FDEP pyrolysis operation.
Without the accrual the Company s gross margin decreased to 35% largely due to the increased value of the used tires sold
resulting from the purchases price allocation to inventory at Freestone s acquisition of CTR. 

Operating Expense  

Total operating expenses the year ended June
30, 2016 (Successor) and the period from July 1, 2014 to June 24, 2015 (Predecessor) were $2,388,255 and $544,950, respectively.
The increase is largely due to the inclusion of Freestone Resources and FDEP in the consolidated operations for the year ended
June 30, 2016 as opposed to the stand alone expenses of CTR for the predecessor period. Freestone s general and administrative
expenses totaled $1,382,734 including $852,750 of stock based compensation, $212,476 of payroll and benefits and $192,744 of professional
fees. The majority of the professional and payroll expenses were to support the SEC reporting requirements of being a public company.
FDEP incurred $480,287 of startup costs. Depreciation increased from $60,652 to $118,978 primarily due to the increased basis of
assets due to the purchase price allocation upon Freestone s acquisition of CTR. Selling costs increased from $154,842 to
$199,274. 

Other income and expense for the year ended
June 30, 2016 (Successor) and the period from July 1, 2014 to June 24, 2015 (Predecessor) consisted of interest expense of $134,271
and $10,530 respectively. The increase was due to the addition of the note payable for the purchase of CTR as well as financing
of capital expenditures. 

Net (Loss) Income  

Net loss for and the year ended June 30, 2016
(Successor) was $2,378,174 compared to the net loss for the period from July 1, 2014 to June 24, 2015 (Predecessor) of $20,537.
The increase was primarily due to the inclusion of Freestone and the cost of running a public company and FDEP and its startup
costs as detailed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The Company has little cash reserves and liquidity
to the extent we receive it from operations and through the sale of common stock. 

Cash decreased by $8,581 from $38,372 at June
30, 2015 (Predecessor) to $29,791 at June 30, 2016 (Successor).  

Net cash used by operating activities was $799,397
for the year ended June 30, 2016 (Successor), compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $40,337 for the period from
July 1, 2014 to June 24, 2015 (Predecessor). The difference was funding of the operations of Freestone and startup cost of FDEP. 

Employees  

As of June 30, 2016 CTR had 17 full-time employees
including 4 leased to FDEP. Freestone s only employees are its three officers. 

Need for Additional Financing  

The Company is uncertain of its ability to
generate sufficient liquidity from its operations so the need for additional funding may be necessary.  The Company may
sell stock and/or issue additional debt to raise capital to accelerate our growth. 

Going Concern Uncertainties  

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
are presented on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business. As of the date of this annual report, there is doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern as we have not generated sufficient cash flows to fund our business operations and loan commitments.  Our
future success and viability, therefore, are dependent upon our ability to generate capital financing.  The failure to
generate sufficient revenues or raise additional capital may have a material and adverse effect upon the Company and our shareholders. 

The Company formed FDEP in order to vertically
integrate its Petrozene  product line, and utilize a specialized pyrolysis process in order to produce other byproducts of
value that will generate revenue for FDEP. In turn, the ability of FDEP to process large quantities of OTR tires will allow the
Company to increase the amount of OTR tires it can dispose of and process, which will generate additional revenue of the Company.
Additionally, the Company intends to raise equity or debt financing that will allow the Company to expand its current operations. 

ITEM 7A.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Market risk represents the risk of loss arising
from adverse changes in market rates and foreign exchange rates. The amount of our outstanding debt at any time may fluctuate and
we may from time to time be subject to refinancing risk.  A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would
have a material effect on our annual interest expense and on our results of operations or financial condition as we rely on these
notes to sustain our operations.  Since we do not have transactions in foreign currencies, we do not consider it necessary
to hedge against currency risk. 

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

The consolidated financial statements
of Freestone Resources, Inc. and Subsidiaries, together with the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
of Heaton   Company, PLLC for the year ended June 30, 2016 and Malone Bailey, LLP for the year ended June 30, 2015,
appear on pages 17 through 34 of this report. 

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES  

None. 

ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
as of June 30, 2016.  This evaluation was accomplished under the supervision and with the participation of our chief
executive officer / principal executive officer, and chief financial officer / principal financial officer who concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that all material information required to be filed in the annual
report on Form 10-K has been made known to them. 

For purposes of this section, the term disclosure
controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et seg.) is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms.  Disclosure, controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Act ) is accumulated and communicated
to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting   

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America.  Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts
and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management of the Company; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of inherent limitations, a system of
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework) at June 30, 2016. Based
on its evaluation, our management concluded that, as of June 30, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
because of: 1) Our reliance upon independent financial reporting consultants for review of critical accounting areas and disclosures
and material non-standard transaction; and 2) a lack of sufficient accounting staff which results in a lack of segregation of duties
necessary for a good system of internal control. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.  Management s
report was not subject to the attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the
SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

PART III  

ITEM 10.   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE  

The following persons serve as directors and
officers of Freestone Resources, Inc.: 

Michael McGhan, Chief Executive Officer and
President 

 Paul E. Babb, Chief Financial Officer 

 Don Edwards, Chief Investment Officer 

Michael McGhan, age 61, has extensive experience
with operations, sales and management that will be extremely beneficial to Freestone, and the development of the Company s
petrochemical product line. From 1991 to August 2002, Mr. McGhan was a co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of Hanover
Compressor Co. (now Exterran Holdings, Inc.). Hanover became the largest natural gas compression company in the world with approximately
7,000 compression rental units in the field, and annual revenues over $1.1 billion. In August 2004, Mr. McGhan along with his partners
co-founded Valerus Compression Services LLP. Mr. McGhan served as co-CEO and ultimately Vice-Chairman of the company until December
2009. Mr. McGhan and his partners built Valerus into one of the world's leading providers of natural gas treatment and compression
equipment and services to the global oil and gas industry. 

Paul E. Babb, age 59 is a CPA and served as
the Company s Controller and Director of Financial Reporting since July, 2015 until his appointment as C.F.O. He received
his B.S. and M.S. degrees in accounting from Oklahoma State University. He has over thirty years of financial reporting experience
in both industry and public accounting. Prior to his employment with Freestone Mr. Babb worked as a consultant for the Thomas Edwards
Group as an audit manager for The Hall Group CPAs. His previous experience included ten years as controller for Mapsco, Inc. 

Don Edwards, age 66, is a graduate from Texas
Christian University with a BBA degree concentrating in Finance and Economics. Mr. Edwards started his business career with E.
F. Hutton where he was a regional OTC Coordinator. He also ran a trading desk for OTC stocks. He later served as President, CFO,
CEO and Director for four securities firms as well as a Director for two savings and loans. He has been responsible for managing
many public and private companies. He has raised startup capital for dozens of both private and public companies. Mr. Edwards has
vast knowledge in the investment field including fine art. He has bought and sold art works of such artists as Charles Russell
and Monet. Don was a licensed Insurance agent for many years and assisted in managing the West Texas region for Mass Mutual Life
Ins. Co. Don also has a background in the Oil and Gas Industry. His family has run a successful Drilling Co. in West Texas for
over half a century. Mr. Edwards will maintain his position as Chief Investment Officer of the Company.  Mr. Edwards
has served as the Chief Investment Officer for the Company for five years.  Prior to his employment at the Company, Mr.
Edwards was self-employed. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially
own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the
SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish us
with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. We believe that as of the date of this report they were all current in their
16(a) reports. 

Board of Directors  

Our board of directors currently consists of
three members. Our directors serve one-year terms. Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that there are currently
no independent directors serving on our board. 

Committees of the Board of Directors  

Audit Committee  

We do not have a standing audit committee of
the Board of Directors. Management has determined not to establish an audit committee at present because of our limited resources
and limited operating activities do not warrant the formation of an audit committee or the expense of doing so. We do not
have a financial expert serving on the Board of Directors or employed as an officer based on management s belief that the
cost of obtaining the services of a person who meets the criteria for a financial expert under Item 401(e) of Regulation S is beyond
its limited financial resources and the financial skills of such an expert are simply not required or necessary for us to maintain
effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting in light of the limited scope and simplicity of accounting
issues raised in its financial statements at this stage of its development. 

Governance, Compensation and Nominating
Committee  

We do not have a standing governance, compensation
and nominating committee of the Board of Directors. Management has determined not to establish governance, compensation and nominating
committees at present because of our limited resources and limited operations do not warrant such a committee or the expense of doing
so. 

Code of Ethics  

The Company has adopted the following code
of ethics for officers, directors and employees: 

Show respect towards others in the workplace   

Conduct all business activities in a fair and ethical manner   

Work dutifully and responsibly for the Company s shareholders and stakeholders    

Limitation of Liability of Directors  

Pursuant to the
Nevada General Corporation Law, our Articles of Incorporation exclude personal liability for our Directors for monetary damages
based upon any violation of their fiduciary duties as Directors, except as to liability for any breach of the duty of loyalty,
acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or any transaction from
which a Director receives an improper personal benefit. This exclusion of liability does not limit any right which a Director may
have to be indemnified and does not affect any Director s liability under federal or applicable state securities laws.     

ITEM 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

Compensation of Executive Officers   

The following summary compensation table sets
forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the fiscal years ended
June 30, 2016 and 2015 in all capacities for the accounts of our executives, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief
Financial Officer (CFO), and Chief Investment Officer (CIO): 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE  

Employment Agreements   

On
January 7, 2016  Michael McGhan and the Company entered into a two-year employment agreement ( Employment Agreement ).
The terms of the Employment Agreement include an initial salary of $5,000 per month, which will increase to $10,000 per month after
six months, as well as stock-based compensation in the amount of 3,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted stock pursuant
to Rule 144. Subject to Board approval, Mr. McGhan is eligible to receive warrants for up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock (the  Warrants ). The Warrants were not issued on the date of the Employment Agreement. The Board is not
required to issue the Warrants. If the Warrants are issued to Mr. McGhan during the term of his Employment Agreement, the terms
and conditions of the Warrants will be determined by the Board on the date the Warrants are issued. Mr. McGhan will also be eligible
to participate in the Company s employee benefit plan that is generally available to all other employees at the Company. 

On
April 1, 2016 Paul Babb  and the Company entered into a two-year employment agreement ( Employment Agreement )
to serve as Controller and Director of SEC reporting. The terms of the Employment Agreement include an initial salary of $5,250
per month, which will increase to $6,667 per month after six months, as well as stock-based compensation in the amount of 1,000,000
shares of the Company s restricted stock pursuant to Rule 144 to be issued over the life of the contract. On May 31, 2016
Mr. Babb was appointed C.F.O. 

Compensation of Directors   

Directors do not receive any compensation for
their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors. No amounts have been
paid to, or accrued to, directors in such capacity.  

ITEM 12.     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT   

  AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS  

As of June 30, 2016 the following persons are
known to Freestone to own 5% or more of Freestone's Common Stock, as well as the Company s officers and directors. 

Directors and Officers as a Group  

325 N. St. Paul St. 

 Suite 1350 

 Dallas, TX 75201 

Gerald M. Johnston  

2821 Alliance Place 

 Suite 1 

 Springdale, AR 72764 

ITEM 13.     CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

On April 12, 2015 Paul Babb loaned the company
$50,000 under a note due April 12, 2016 bearing interest at 6.5%. The note is convertible into common stock at $.08 per share upon
maturity. Mr. Babb became the Company s CFO and a member of the board on May 31, 2016. 

Due to our limited resources, the Company does
not have any independent directors serving on the board of directors. 

ITEM 14.     PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  

Audit Fees   

The aggregate fees billed for professional
services rendered by our auditors, for the audit of the our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements
included in our Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements for the year ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 were $82,800 and $25,610, respectively. 

Audit Related Fees   

None. 

Tax Fees   

None. 

All Other Fees   

None. 

ITEM 15.     EXHIBITS AND FINANICAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES  

(a)  The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
Included in Part II, Item 7 of this report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm for the year Ended June 30, 2016 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm for the year Ended June 30, 2015 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(b) 
Freestone filed the following Exhibits in the year ended June 30, 2016:  

On January 7, 2016 Freestone filed an 8-K to
report the resignation of its President and Chief Executive Office and the appointment of a new President and Chief Executive Officer. 

 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed
on January 7, 2016) 

On April 19, 2016 Freestone filed an 8-K to
report the Change in Registrant s Certifying Accountant (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on April 19, 2016) 

On April 28, 2016 Freestone filed an 8-K to
report the registration of its Chief Financial Officer (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2016) 

On June 2, 2016 Freestone filed an 8-K to report
three board members and the appointment of two new board members and a Chief Financial Officer (incorporated by reference to the
Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2016) 

(c)  Exhibits 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Freestone Resources, Inc.   

Dated:  October 13, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/  Michael McGhan   

Michael McGhan, 
         Chief Executive Officer  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. 

Name   
       
       Title   
       
       Date    

By: /s/ Michael McGhan  
       
      President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  
       
      October 13, 2016   
 
      Michael McGhan  

By: /s/ Paul E. Babb  
       
      Chief Financial Officer, Director  
       
      October 13, 2016   
 
      Paul E. Babb  

By: /s/ Don Edwards  
       
      Chief Investment Officer, Director  
       
      October 13, 2016   
 
      Don Edwards  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To The Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Freestone Resources, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Freestone Resources, Inc. (the  Company ) as of June 30, 2016, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audit.      

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States of America). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation .
 We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Freestone Resources,
Inc. as of June 30, 2016, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements referred to above have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 14
to the financial statements, the Company has not generated sufficient cash flows to fund its business operations. These factors
raise substantial doubt that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ Heaton   Company, PLLC 

 Farmington, Utah 

 October 13, 2016 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Freestone Resources, Inc. 

 Dallas, Texas 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Freestone Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively the  Company , or  Successor ) as
of June 30, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders  equity, and cash flows
for the period from June 25, 2015 through June 30, 2015. We have also audited the statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
equity, and cash flows of C. C. Crawford Retreading Co., Inc. (the  Predecessor ) for the period from July 1, 2014
through June 24, 2015. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform an audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration
of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Freestone Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries
as of June 30, 2015 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the period from June 25, 2015 through June 30,
2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Further, in our opinion, the
Predecessor financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, results of operations and cash flows
of C. C. Crawford Retreading Co., Inc. for the period from July 1, 2014 through June 24, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that Freestone Resources, Inc. will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 14 to the financial statements,
Freestone Resources, Inc. has not generated sufficient profits and cash flows to fund our business operations, which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters also are described in
Note 14. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and
classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 Houston, Texas 

October 6, 2015 

Freestone Resources Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  June 30, 2016 and 2015  

NOTE 1   NATURE OF ACTIVITIES AND CONTINUANCE OF
BUSINESS   

Freestone Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries
( Freestone  or collectively the  Company ) are an oil and gas technology development company. The Company
is located in Dallas, Texas and is incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company s subsidiaries consist
of C.C. Crawford Retreading Company, Inc., Freestone Technologies, LLC and Freestone Dynamis Energy Products, LLC. 

The Company s primary business is the
development of new technologies that allow for the utilization of oil and gas resources in an environmentally responsible and cost
effective way. 

C.C. Crawford Retreading Company, Inc. ( CTR )
is an Off-The-Road ( OTR ) tire company located in Ennis, Texas and incorporated under the laws of the State of Texas.
CTR s primary business is to repair, recycle, dispose of and sell OTR tires, which are used on large, industrial equipment. 

Freestone Dynamis Energy Products, LLC ( FDEP )
is a joint venture between Dynamis Energy, LLC and the Company. FDEP was established to pursue the production and marketing of
Petrozene . FDEP s initial operations will utilize a specialized pyrolysis technology in order to process CTR s
feedstock, and begin large scale production of Petrozene . Freestone owns 70% of FDEP. 

Freestone Technology, LLC. is an inactive subsidiary. 

NOTE 2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The Company s management selects accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and adopts methods for their application.  The application
of accounting principles requires the estimating, matching and timing of revenue and expense.  It is also necessary for
management to determine, measure and allocate resources and obligations within the financial process according to those principles.  The
accounting policies used conform to generally accepted accounting principles which have been consistently applied in the preparation
of these financial statements. 

The financial statements and notes are representations
of the Company s management which is responsible for their integrity and objectivity.  Management further acknowledges
that it is solely responsible for adopting sound accounting practices, establishing and maintaining a system of internal accounting
control and preventing and detecting fraud.  The Company's system of internal  accounting control is designed
to assure, among other items, that  1) recorded  transactions  are valid;  2) valid  transactions  are
recorded;  and  3) transactions  are  recorded in the proper  period in a timely  manner
to produce financial  statements which present fairly the financial  condition,  results of operations  and
cash  flows of the  Company  for the  respective  periods  being presented. 

Basis of Presentation:  

The Company prepares its financial statements
on the accrual basis of accounting.    The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of the Company and its subsidiaries, all of which have a fiscal year end of June 30. All significant intercompany accounts, balances
and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidation. 

The Company consolidates its subsidiaries in
accordance with ASC 810, and specifically ASC 810-10-15-8 which states,  [t]he usual condition for a controlling financial
interest is ownership of a majority voting interest, and, therefore, as a general rule ownership by one reporting entity, directly
or indirectly, or over 50% of the outstanding voting shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation.   

Predecessor Accounting:  

On June 24, 2015 Freestone acquired 100% of
the outstanding common stock of CTR. The results of operations and cash flows from June 24, 2015 (the date of acquisition) through
June 30, 2015 are considered immaterial. The allocation of the purchase price and the estimated fair value of the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed are presented as of that date. (See Note 3) The operations of Freestone were insignificant in comparison
to CTR, so the consolidated financial statements included herein for the period from July 1, 2014 to June 24, 2015 are presented
under predecessor entity reporting wherein the prior historical information consists solely of CTR s balance sheet and results
of operations and cash flows. The consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2015 and for the period from June 25, 2015 through
June 30, 2015 are presented under successor entity reporting. Because the results of operations and cash flows from June 24, 2015
(the date of acquisition) through June 30, 2015 are immaterial, they have been included in the predecessor period for reporting
purposes. Accordingly, only transactions directly associated with the purchase of CTR are included in the successor period. 

Use of Estimates:  

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain
reported amounts and disclosures.  Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements:  

The Company does not expect the adoption of
recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company s results of operations, financial
position or cash flows. 

Income Taxes:  

The Company has adopted ASC 740-10, which
requires the use of the liability method in the computation of income tax expense and the current and deferred income taxes payable.
A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to
be realized. 

Cash:  

Cash and cash equivalents include cash
in banks and short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains deposits in a financial
institution which provides Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage for interest bearing and non-interest bearing
transaction accounts of up to $250,000.  At June 30, 2016, none of the Company s cash was in excess of federally
insured limits. 

Revenue Recognition:  

CTR recognizes revenue from the sale of products
in accordance with ASC 605.  Revenue will be recognized only when all of the following criteria have been met: 

Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; and   

Ownership and all risks of loss have been transferred to buyer, which is generally upon delivery; and   

The price is fixed and determinable; and   

Collectability is reasonably assured.   

The three main sources of revenue are recognized
as follows: 

Revenues associated with tire disposals are recognized upon receipt of the tire by CTR; and   

Revenues associated with tire repairs are invoiced and recognized upon completion of repair and receipt of the tire by the customer; and   

Revenue associated with used tires and scrap sales are recognized upon delivery of the product to the customer.   

Revenue associated with sales of Petrozene is recognize upon delivery to the customer.   

Accounts Receivable:  

Accounts Receivable consists of accrued OTR
tire repair, disposal, recycling and used tire sales receivables due from customers and are unsecured. The receivables are generally
unsecured and such amounts are generally due within 30 to 45 days after the date of the invoice.  Accounts Receivable
are carried at their face amount, less an allowance for doubtful accounts.   CTR s policy is generally not to charge
interest on receivables after the invoice becomes past due.  A receivable is considered past due if payments have not
been received within agreed upon invoice terms. Write offs are recorded at a time when a customer receivable is deemed uncollectible.
CTR s allowance for doubtful accounts was $4,000 and $0 as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Shipping and Handling Costs  

The Company s includes shipping and handlings
cost as part of cost of goods sold. 

Inventory:  

Inventory of the Company is carried at lower
of cost or market. At acquisition the Company s inventory was revalued at fair market value as part of the purchase price
allocation. The Company s inventory consists of processed rubber from disposed tires carried at cost of processing, and used
tires for sale carried at the cost of repairs. As of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015 inventory consisted of: 

Property, Plant and Equipment:  

Property, Plant and Equipment are carried at
the cost of acquisition or construction, and are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Assets acquired in
a business combination are stated at estimated fair value. Costs associated with repair and maintenance are expensed as they are
incurred. Costs associated with improvements which extend the life, increase the capacity or improve the efficiency of our property
and equipment are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining life of the related asset. Gains and losses on dispositions of
equipment are in operating income. Depreciation and amortization are provided using the straight-line and accelerated methods over
the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 

Buildings and Improvements  
       
      10 - 39 Years   

Machinery and Equipment  
       
      7 Years   

Automotive Equipment  
       
      5-7 Years   

Office Furniture   Equipment  
       
      5 Years   

Collectable Art Work  
       
      Not Depreciated   

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets:  

The Company evaluates, on a periodic basis,
long-lived assets to be held and used for impairment in accordance with the reporting requirements of ASC 360-10. The evaluation
is based on certain impairment indicators, such as the nature of the assets, the future economic benefit of the assets, any historical
or future profitability measurements, as well as other external market conditions or factors that may be present. If these impairment
indicators are present or other factors exist that indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable, then
an estimate of the undiscounted value of expected future operating cash flows is used to determine whether the asset is recoverable
and the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and its estimated fair
value. The fair value is estimated using valuation techniques such as market prices for similar assets or discounted future operating
cash flows. 

Asset Retirement Obligation:  

The Company records the fair value of a liability
for asset retirement obligations ( ARO ) in the period in which an obligation is incurred and records a corresponding
increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. For Freestone Resources, asset retirement obligations primarily
relate to the abandonment of oil and gas properties. The present value of the estimated asset retirement cost is capitalized as
part of the carrying amount of oil and gas properties. The settlement date fair value is discounted at Freestone s credit
adjusted risk-free rate in determining the abandonment liability. The abandonment liability is accreted with the passage of time
to its expected settlement fair value. Revisions to such estimates are recorded as adjustments to the ARO and capitalized asset
retirement costs and are charged to operations in the period in which they become known. At the time the abandonment cost is incurred,
Freestone Resources is required to recognize a gain or loss if the actual costs do not equal the estimated costs included in the
ARO.   During 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized no accretion expense, as the properties were written down to
salvage value as of June 30, 2009. 

The amounts recognized for the ARO are based
upon numerous estimates and assumptions, including future abandonment costs, future recoverable quantities of oil and gas, future
inflation rates, and the credit adjusted risk-free interest rate. 

Stock-Based Compensation:  

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
using a fair value based method whereby compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the services received
and is recognized over the service period.   The Company uses the Black-Scholes pricing model to calculate the fair
value of options and warrants issued.   In calculating this fair value, there are certain assumptions used such as the
expected life of the option, risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, volatility and forfeiture rate.  The use of a different
estimate for any one of these components could have a material impact on the amount of calculated compensation expense. 

The Company does not have any employee benefit
or stock option plans. 

Fair Value Measurements:  

ASC Topic 820, defines fair value, establishes
a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and requires certain disclosures about fair value
measurements.  In general, fair value of financial instruments are based upon quoted market prices, where available.  If
such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models that primarily use, as inputs,
observable market based parameters.  Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded
at fair value.  These adjustments may include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality and the Company s
credit worthiness, among other things, as well as unobservable parameters. 

 Cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and other accrued expenses and other current assets and liabilities are carried at amounts which reasonably approximate their fair
values because of the relatively short maturity of those instruments. 

Emerging Growth Company Critical Accounting
Policy Disclosure:   

 The Company qualifies
as an  emerging growth company  under the 2012 JOBS Act. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth
company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards.   As an emerging grown company, the Company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The Company may elect to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period in the future. 

  Reclassifications  

Certain
accounts in the prior year financial statements have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation. 

NOTE 3 - ACQUISITION OF C.C. CRAWFORD
RETREADING CO., INC.   

On June 24, 2015 the Company acquired 100%
of the outstanding common stock of C.C. Crawford Retreading Co., Inc., a privately held company, for an aggregate price of $1,520,000.
Terms of the purchase were $500,000 cash at closing and a note payable to the seller for $1,020,000. The cash down payment was
paid direct to a seller by a third party from sale of stock proceeds as discussed in Note 11. The Company estimated the fair value
of assets acquired net of liabilities assumed to be $1,648,750 resulting in a bargain purchase gain of $128,750. The operations
of Freestone were insignificant in comparison to CTR, so the consolidated financial statements included herein for the period from
July 1, 2014 to June 24, 2015 are presented under predecessor entity reporting wherein the prior historical information consists
solely of CTR s balance sheet and results of operations and cash flows. The consolidated financial statements as of June
30, 2016 and June 30, 2015 and for the period from June 25, 2015 through June 30, 2015 are presented under successor entity reporting.
Because the results of operations and cash flows from June 24, 2015 (the date of acquisition) through June 30, 2015 are immaterial,
they have been included in the predecessor period for reporting purposes. Accordingly, only transactions directly associated with
the purchase of CTR are included in the successor period. 

The allocation of the purchase price and the
estimated fair market value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are shown below: 

Unaudited pro forma results of operations data
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2015 as if the companies had been combined as of July 1, 2014, follow. The pro forma results
include estimates and assumptions which management believes are reasonable. However pro form results do not include any anticipated
cost savings or other effects of the planned integration of these entities, and are not necessarily indicative of the results that
would have occurred if the business combination had been in effect on the dates indicated or which may result in the future. 

NOTE 4 - FORMATION OF FREESTONE DYNAMIS
ENERGY PRODUCTS, LLC.   

On June 24, 2015 the Company entered
into an agreement with Dynamis in order to form the joint venture FDEP, a Delaware limited liability company. Freestone determined
to enter into a joint venture with Dynamis based on their track record and experience in the waste-to-energy industry, and their
ability to provide the necessary funding to fully integrate the production, marketing and sale of Petrozene  to current and
future customers. The terms of the joint venture between the Company and Dynamis are as follows: 

Freestone owns a 70% member interest in FDEP for licensing the rights to use Petrozene  to FDEP; and   

Dynamis owns a 30% member interest in FDEP in exchange for providing funding up to $5,000,000 to operate the joint venture, and purchase a continuous-feed pyrolysis machine capable of producing a product that can be used to produce Petrozene  and    

FDEP will be leasing employees from CTR, and said employees will operate the machine. FDEP will reimburse CTR for the leased employees; and   

FDEP has the right, but not the obligation to purchase CTR from Freestone through cash compensation to Freestone, the issuance of additional units in FDEP to Freestone or a combination of both cash and units in FDEP as mutually agreed upon by FDEP and Freestone; and   

FDEP will lease a building from CTR in order to operate the specialized pyrolysis technology for payment of either the ad valorem taxes associated with the rented property or $1,000 per month depending on which amount is the greater of the two; and    

Dynamis will receive 80% of the distributions from FDEP until they have reached a 25% initial rate of return on funds invested into the joint venture. Once the 25% initial rate of return threshold is met all distributions from FDEP will be split according to the 70 / 30 member interest of FDEP owned by the Company and Dynamis.   

On June 24, 2015 FDEP simultaneously
entered into a lease agreement with a company that has developed a continuous-feed pyrolysis technology that will be operated by
FDEP at the Company s facility in Ennis, Texas. FDEP and the company that developed the pyrolysis technology will split the
revenues generated from the machine. FDEP will receive 70% of the revenues generated from the machine, and the company providing
the continuous-feed pyrolysis technology will receive 30% of the revenues. This revenue split will remain in place so long as the
machine is operating at the Company s facility in Ennis, Texas. The agreement between the two companies allows FDEP the opportunity
to ensure that the technology continues to operate properly under the strict conditions that are necessary to produce Petrozene .
If the leased pyrolysis machine operates within certain, predefined parameters then FDEP has the right to purchase additional machines. 

 During the year ended June 30,
2016, Dynamis paid $150,873 for certain engineering and general administrative costs on behalf of FDEP, which are shown on the
Statement of Cash Flows as a non-cash financing activity. These payments were treated as capital contributions to the entity
by Dynamis. Dynamis also made cash contributions totaling $324,113 to the entity during the year ended June 30, 2016 

NOTE 5   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
AND CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK   

At June 30, 2016 and 2015 three customers
made up 77% and two customers made up 53% of the Company s outstanding accounts receivable balance, respectively. For the
years ending June 30, 2016 and 2015 two customers and one customer accounted for 60% and 49% of the Company s net revenue,
respectively. 

NOTE 6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND
EQUIPMENT   

For
the year ended June 30, 2016 (Sucessor) and the period from July 1, 2014 through June 24, 2015 (Predecessor) depreciation expense
was $118,978 and $60,652, respectively.  There was no depreciation expense during the Successor of June 25, 2015 to
June 30, 2015. 

NOTE 7   ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY   

The Company s tire recycling permit
requires the Company to ultimately dispose of all tires accepted for recycling.  Tire disposal occurs in the normal course
of business however the Company always has tires stored at its facility that have not yet been disposed of. CTR had recorded liabilities
totaling $320,000 at June 30, 2014 (Predecessor) for estimated costs related to dispose of all tires at its Ennis, Texas facility.
The environmental liability was calculated by estimating the costs associated with the various disposal costs that would be necessary
to remove the tires from the CTR permitted facility. Upon acquisition of CTR by Freestone the liability was reduced to $32,000
(Successor) as part of the purchase price allocation, and the revaluation of assets and liability to fair market value. The reduction
was due to the formation of FDEP. CTR plans to convert the majority of the tires into crum rubber, and sell it to FDEP as a feedstock
for its specialized pyrolysis operations. The remaining $32,000 was an estimate of cost of disposing of the tires that are not
acceptable for use as feedstock. At June 30, 2016, CTR increased its liability to $400,000 representing the estimated disposal
fees on the revised estimate of tires on hand. Although CTR still plans to convert the majority of the tires in crum rubber for
use by FDEP the liability was recorded as part of the plan submitted to the TCEQ to cure potential violations regarding it processing
permit. Since the plan requires CTR to significantly reduce the numbers of tires on hand within the next year and to date FDEP
has not been able to demonstrate the capacity to use the number of tires on hand so the liability is consider short-term. 

NOTE 8   CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS   

Capital lease assets of $56,738 and accumulated
amortization of $8,861 are included in property, plant and equipment on the balance sheet at June 30, 2016. For the year ended
June 30, 2016 amortization expense was $8,861. 

NOTE 9   NOTES PAYABLE   

NOTE 10   ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS   

Freestone s asset retirement obligations
( ARO ) represents the estimated present value of the amount Freestone Resources will incur to plug, abandon and remediate
its producing properties at the end of their productive lives, in accordance with applicable state laws. Freestone Resources determines
the ARO on its oil and gas properties by calculating the present value of estimated cash flows related to the liability.  The
asset retirement obligations are recorded as current or non-current liabilities based on the estimated timing of the anticipated
cash flows. For the years ending June 30, 2016 and 2015, Freestone Resources recognized no accretion expense.  CTR did
not have an asset retirement obligation.  

The following table presents the changes in the asset retirement
obligations as of and for the period from June 25, 2015 through June 30, 2015 (Successor): 

NOTE 11   EQUITY   

The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000
common shares at a par value of $0.001 per share. These shares have full voting rights.  At June 30, 2016 and 2015 there
were 90,613,177 and 81,088,177 common shares outstanding, respectively. 

On July 25, 2015 Company sold 3,500,000
shares at $0.10 per share to provide funding of subsequent costs associated with the acquisition of CTR, as well as general working
capital for the Company. This transaction made Gerald M. Johnson a controlling shareholder of the Company. Mr. Johnson also joined
the Company s advisory board. Mr. Johnson is the former CFO of Tyson Foods, Inc. 

The Company has not paid a dividend to its
shareholders. 

June 30, 2015:   

At June 30, 2015 (beginning of successor period)
the Company had 76,088,177 shares outstanding. As part of the acquisition of CTR, the Company sold 5,000,000 shares for $.10 each.
The $500,000 proceeds were paid directly to the seller of CTR. 

In each case, the certificates representing
the shares carry a legend that the shares may not be transferred without compliance with the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933 or in reliance upon an exemption therefrom.   For each of these transactions, the Company relied upon
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 as an exemption from the registration requirements of the Act. 

Stock Warrant:  

As of June 30, 2015 there were 1,000,000 warrants
outstanding allowing the holder to purchase one share of common stock each for 80% of the closing price at the exercise date. These
warrants expired November 15, 2015. 

On June 24, 2015 in connection with the sale
of 5,000,000 shares of the company common stock associated with the purchase of CTR the Company issued 5,000,000 warrants to purchase
shares of common stock at 80% of the average closing bid and sale cost over the previous ten days at exercise date. The warrants
vested immediately and had a one year term. 

As of June 30, 2016 there were no stock warrants
outstanding. 

NOTE 12   INCOME TAXES    

The Company files a consolidate Federal
Income Tax Return. As of June 30, 2016 the Company has a NOL carryforward of approximately $4,400,000. Under IRC Code Sec 382
use of NOL carryforwards may be limited due to CTR acquisition by Freestone. 

The Company recognizes the tax effects
of transactions in the year in which such transactions enter into the determination of net income, regardless of when reported
for tax purposes.  Deferred taxes are provided in the financial statements under ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes , to give
effect to the resulting temporary differences which may arise from differences in the bases of fixed assets, depreciation methods,
allowances, non-deductible stock for services and environmental reserves based on the income taxes expected to be payable in future
years. Deferred tax benefits related to the NOL carryforward of approximated $1,500,000 are fully reserved. 

FDEP has a calendar tax year and files
a separate Form 1065 partnership return with income and loss being allocated based on distributions and contributions under the
partnership agreement. Freestone share of the year ended December 31, 2016 loss is included in the consolidated June 30, 2016 return. 

The Company has no tax positions at June 30, 2016 and
2015 for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. 

  The Company s tax
returns for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are open for examination under Federal Statute of Limitations.

The Company recognizes interest accrued related to
unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses.  The Company had no accruals for interest
and penalties since inception. 

 A reconciliation of the provision for income tax expense with
the expected income tax computed by applying the federal statutory income tax to income before provision for income taxes is as
follows: 

NOTE 13   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
AND AGREEMENTS   

Officer Agreement:   

On June 5, 2012, CTR entered into a three
year Employment Agreement with Dirk Crawford ( Mr. Crawford ). For certain compensation, including a salary and signing
bonus, Mr. Crawford would remain president of CTR for the term of his Employee Agreement. Mr. Crawford also received certain retirement
and healthcare benefits relating to his Employee Agreement. No other employees have employment agreements at CTR, and they are
at will employees. 

On June 24, 2015 CTR agreed to an extension
of Mr. Crawford s Employee Agreement ( Employee Agreement Extension ). The Employee Agreement Extension included
an increased yearly salary, as well as a commission for tires sold. The aforesaid tire sales commission is limited to $40,000.
All other retirement and healthcare benefits remained the same, and no other changes were made to the Employee Agreement. 

On
January 7, 2016,  Michael McGhan and the Company entered into a two-year employment agreement ( Employment Agreement ).
The terms of the Employment Agreement include an initial salary of $5,000 per month, which will increase to $10,000 per month after
six months, as well as stock-based compensation in the amount of 3,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted stock pursuant
to Rule 144. Subject to Board approval, Mr. McGhan is eligible to receive warrants for up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock (the  Warrants ). The Warrants are not issued on the date of the Employment Agreement. The Board is not
required to issue the Warrants. If the Warrants are issued to Mr. McGhan during the term of his Employment Agreement, the terms
and conditions of the Warrants will be determined by the Board on the date the Warrants are issued. Mr. McGhan will also be eligible
to participate in the Company s employee benefit plan that is generally available to all other employees at the Company. 

On
April 1, 2016, Paul Babb  and the Company entered into a two-year employment agreement ( Employment Agreement )
to serve as Controller and Director of SEC reporting. The terms of the Employment Agreement include an initial salary of $5,250
per month, which will increase to $6,667 per month after six months, as well as stock-based compensation in the amount of 1,000,000
shares of the Company s restricted stock pursuant to Rule 144 to be issued over the life of the contract. On June 1, 2016
Mr. Babb was appointed C.F.O. 

Retirement Plan Contribution:   

During the year ended June 30, 2016 (Successor)
and the period from July 1, 2014 until June 24, 2015 (Predecessor) the Company contributed $6,185 and $5,246 in matching contributions
to the Company s IRA plan. There were no contributions during the successor period from June 25, 2015 to June 30, 2015. 

NOTE 13   COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES   

Freestone leases office space under a non-cancelable office lease which expires July 31, 2017.   
 
      There was no lease expense during the successor period.  The predecessor had no lease expense for either predecessor period.   

Future Minimum Lease payments are as follow 

Freestone has royalty and commission agreements
with certain consultants related to the sale of Petrozene  for their work in the re-launch of the Petrozene  product
line.  These royalty and commission agreements range from 2.5% to 7.5% of the net income the Company receives from Petrozene 
sales, and the agreements also have special royalty provisions for certain customers that expire on April 14, 2030. One of the
contracts is with the brother of the former C.E.O of the Company. 

NOTE 14   GOING CONCERN   

As of the date of this annual report, there
is substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as we have not generated sufficient cash
flows to fund our business operations and loan commitments.  Our future success and viability, therefore, are dependent
upon our ability to generate capital financing.  The failure to generate sufficient revenues or raise additional capital
may have a material and adverse effect upon the Company and our shareholders. 

The Company formed FDEP in order to vertically
integrate its Petrozene  product line, and utilize a specialized pyrolysis process in order to produce other byproducts of
value that will generate revenue for FDEP. In turn, the ability of FDEP to process large quantities of OTR tires will allow the
Company to increase the amount of OTR tires it can dispose of and process, which will generate additional revenue of the Company.
Additionally, the Company intends to raise equity or debt financing that will allow the Company to expand its current operations. 

NOTE 15   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

In July, 2016 the Company sold 500,000
shares of Common Stock for $25,000 cash. 

On July 31, 2016 the Company borrowed
$60,000 from a stockholder under a one year note payable convertible into common stock at $.08 a share. 

On September 23, 2016 the Company modified
the terms of its note payable in connection with the purchase of CTR to deferr all principal and interest until March 15, 2017
at which time it will be due in full. 

On September 30, 2016 the Company issued
125,000 shares of common stock to its Chief Financial Officer for services render under his employment contract. 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm
 CERTIFICATION

ex31one.htm 

EXHIBIT 31  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Michael McGhan, and I, Paul Babb, certify that: 

1. 

We have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Freestone Resources, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on our knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on our knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

We have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 13, 2016 

/s/
Michael McGhan  

Michael McGhan 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/
Paul Babb  

Paul Babb 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

ex32one.htm 

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Freestone Resources, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended
June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael
McGhan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Paul Babb, Chief Financial Officer  of the
Company  certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
Michael McGhan   

Michael McGhan   

Chief Executive Officer  

October
13, 2016  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 fsnrob-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fsnrob-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fsnrob-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fsnrob-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fsnrob-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fsnrob-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

