<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1580608_0001580608-16-000242_4.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16267342</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>252160</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>805901</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5538070</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7199153</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2165623</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>108</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001580608-16-000242.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027162935
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001580608-16-000242
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580608
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERSONAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6141]
		IRS NUMBER:				320414408
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36270
		FILM NUMBER:		161955867

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 ELM ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE #800
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-237-3615

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 ELM ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE #800
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001580608-16-000242.txt : 20161027

10-Q/A
 1
 restatement-scusa2016q110xq.htm
 10-Q/A

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q/A 
  Amendment No.1 

For the quarterly period ended   March 31, 2016    

Commission File Number: 001-36270 
  SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HOLDINGS INC. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
    
                   Delaware 
      
    32-0414408 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code (214) 634-1110 
  Not Applicable 
  (Former name, former address, and formal fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes        No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation ST (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes        No      
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
    
  As used in this Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q/A ), the terms 
   Company,   our,   us  or  we  refer to Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc., a Delaware Corporation. 
    
  This Form 10-Q/A amends the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, as originally 
  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on May 5, 2016 (the  Original Filing ). This Form 10-Q/A 
  is being filed to restate our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and to make related corrections to certain disclosures in the Original Filing. The restatement of our financial statements in this Form 10-Q/A reflects the correction of errors primarily related to (i) error in our methodology for accreting / amortizing dealer discounts, subvention payments from manufacturers, and capitalized origination costs on individually acquired retail installment contracts held for investment, (ii) error related to the lack of consideration of net discount when estimating the allowance for credit losses for the non-TDR portfolio of individually acquired retail installment contracts held for investment, (iii) error in computing the present value of expected future cash flows whereby the TDRs  weighted-average original contractual interest rate was utilized rather than the TDRs  weighted-average original effective interest rate as required by U.S. GAAP and (iv) error in our recognition of certain executive severance-related and stock compensation expenses and liabilities which should not have been recorded as all applicable regulatory approvals have not been obtained. The restatement also includes the correction of errors related to the income tax effects of the above errors as well as the correction of additional items for the three months ended March 31, 2016. Further explanation regarding the restatement is set forth in Note 2 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q/A. 
    
  The following sections in the Original Filing have been corrected in this Form 10-Q/A to reflect this restatement: 
    
    Part I - Item I: Financial Information (Unaudited) 
    Part I - Item 2: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    Part I - Item 4: Controls and Procedures 
    Part II - Item 6: Exhibits 
    
  Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have also provided new certifications as required by Sections 302 
  and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The certifications are included in this Form 10-Q/A as Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1 
  and 32.2. 
    
  For the convenience of the reader, this Form 10-Q/A sets forth the information in the Original Filing in its entirety, as such 
  information is modified and superseded where necessary to reflect the restatement. Except as provided above, this Amendment does not reflect events occurring after the filing of the Original Filing and does not amend or otherwise update any information in the Original Filing. 

INDEX 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information  
    4 
       PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    7 
      Item 1.  
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (As Restated) 
    7 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets    (As Restated) 
    7 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income    (As Restated) 
    9 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity    (As Restated) 
    10 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    (As Restated) 
    11 
        
     Note 1. Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Significant Accounting Policies and Practices  
    14 
        
     Note 2. Restatement  
    14 
        
     Note 3. Finance Receivables    (As Restated) 
    18 
        
     Note 4. Leases    (As Restated) 
    20 
        
     Note 5. Credit Loss Allowance and Credit Quality    (As Restated) 
    21 
        
     Note 6. Debt  
    25 
        
     Note 7. Variable Interest Entities    (As Restated) 
    29 
        
     Note 8. Derivative Financial Instruments    (As Restated) 
    30 
        
     Note 9. Other Assets    (As Restated) 
    33 
        
     Note 10. Income Taxes    (As Restated) 
    34 
        
     Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies    (As Restated) 
    34 
        
     Note 12. Related-Party Transactions    (As Restated) 
    37 
        
     Note 13. Computation of Basic and Diluted Earnings per Common Share    (As Restated) 
    41 
        
     Note 14. Fair Value of Financial Instruments    (As Restated) 
    41 
        
     Note 15. Employee Benefit Plans    (As Restated) 
    45 
        
     Note 16. Shareholders' Equity  
    45 
        
     Note 17. Investment Gains (Losses), Net    (As Restated) 
    46 
      Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    48 
      Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    76 
      Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    76 
       PART II: OTHER INFORMATION  
    81 
      Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    81 
      Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    82 
      Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    82 
      Item 3. 
     Defaults upon Senior Securities  
    82 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    82 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    82 
      Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    84 
       SIGNATURES  
    85 
       EXHIBITS  

Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, the use herein of the terms   we,   our,   us,   SC,  and the  Company  refer to Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, predictions, forecasts, objectives, assumptions, or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as  anticipates,   believes,   can,   could,   may,   predicts,   potential,   should,   will,   estimate,   plans,   projects,   continuing,   ongoing,   expects,   intends,  and similar words or phrases. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change based on various important factors, some of which are beyond our control. For more information regarding these risks and uncertainties as well as certain additional risks that we face, refer to the Risk Factors detailed in Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , as well as factors more fully described in Part I, Item 2,  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere in this report, including the exhibits hereto, and subsequent reports and registration statements filed from time to time with the SEC. Among the factors that could cause our financial performance to differ materially from that suggested by the forward-looking statements are: 

we operate in a highly regulated industry and continually changing federal, state, and local laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our business; 
                
    our ability to remediate any material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting completely and in a timely manner; 
                
    adverse economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may negatively impact our results; 
                
    our business could suffer if our access to funding is reduced; 
                
    we face significant risks implementing our growth strategy, some of which are outside our control; 
                
    we may incur unexpected costs and delays in connection with exiting our personal lending business; 
                
    our agreement with FCA may not result in currently anticipated levels of growth and is subject to certain performance conditions that could result in termination of the agreement; 
                
    our business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in developing and maintaining relationships with automobile dealerships; 
                
    our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations depend on the credit performance of our loans; 
                
    loss of our key management or other personnel, or an inability to attract such management and personnel, could negatively impact our business;  
                
    we are directly and indirectly, through our relationship with Santander Holdings USA, Inc., subject to certain bank regulations, including oversight by the OCC, the CFPB, the European Central Bank, and the Federal Reserve, which oversight and regulation may limit certain of our activities, including the timing and amount of dividends and other limitations on our business; and 
                
    future changes in our relationship with Santander could adversely affect our operations. 
       
  If one or more of the factors affecting our forward-looking information and statements proves incorrect, its actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking information and statements. Therefore, we caution not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking information or statements. The effect of these factors is difficult to predict. Factors other than these also could adversely affect our results, and the reader should not consider these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. New factors emerge from time to time, and management cannot assess the impact of any such factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Any forward-looking statements only speak as of the date of this document, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking information or statements, whether written or oral, to reflect any change, except as required by law. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. 
    
  Glossary 
    
  The following is a list of abbreviations, acronyms, and commonly used terms used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
                 ABS 
    Asset-backed securities 
      Advance Rate 
    The maximum percentage of unpaid principal balance that a lender is willing to lend. 
      ALG 
    Automotive Lease Guide 

4 

APR 
    Annual Percentage Rate 
      ASC 
    Accounting Standards Codification 
      ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update 
      Bluestem 
    Bluestem Brands, Inc., an online retailer for whose customers SC provides financing 
      Board 
    SC s Board of Directors 
      Capmark 
    Capmark Financial Group Inc., an investment company 
      CBP 
    Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania 
      CCAR 
    Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
      CCART 
    Chrysler Capital Auto Receivables Trust, a securitization platform 
      Centerbridge 
    Centerbridge Partners, L.P., a private equity firm 
      CEO 
    Chief Executive Officer 
      CFPB 
    Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
      Chrysler Agreement 
    Ten-year private-label financing agreement with FCA 
      Clean-up Call 
    The early redemption of a debt instrument by the issuer, generally when the underlying portfolio has amortized to 10% of its original balance 
      Commission 
    U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
      Credit Enhancement 
    A method such as overcollateralization, insurance, or a third-party guarantee, whereby a borrower reduces default risk 
      Dealer Loan 
    A floorplan line of credit, real estate loan, working capital loan, or other credit extended to an automobile dealer 
      Dodd-Frank Act 
    Comprehensive financial regulatory reform legislation enacted by the U.S. Congress on July 21, 2010 
      DOJ 
    U.S. Department of Justice 
      DRIVE 
    Drive Auto Receivables Trust, a securitization platform 
      ECOA 
    Equal Credit Opportunity Act 
      Employment Agreement 
    The amended and restated employment agreement, executed as of December 31, 2011, by and among SC, Banco Santander, S.A. and Thomas G. Dundon 
      Exchange Act 
    Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
      FASB 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      FCA 
    Fiat Chrysler Automobiles US LLC, formerly Chrysler Group LLC 
      FICO  
    A common credit score created by Fair Isaac Corporation that is used on the credit reports that lenders use to assess an applicant s credit risk. FICO  is computed using mathematical models that take into account five factors: payment history, current level of indebtedness, types of credit used, length of credit history, and new credit 
      FIRREA 
    Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 
      Floorplan Loan 
    A revolving line of credit that finances inventory until sold 
      FRB 
    Federal Reserve Bank of Boston 
      FTC 
    Federal Trade Commission 
      GAP 
    Guaranteed Auto Protection 
      IPO 
    SC's Initial Public Offering 
      ISDA 
    International Swaps and Derivative Association 
      LendingClub 
    LendingClub Corporation, a peer-to-peer personal lending platform company from which SC acquired loans under terms of flow agreements 
      MSA 
    Master Service Agreement 
      Nonaccretable Difference 
    The difference between the undiscounted contractual cash flows and the undiscounted expected cash flows of a portfolio acquired with deteriorated credit quality 
      OCC 
    Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
      Original Filing 
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 as originally filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016 
      Overcollateralization 
    A credit enhancement method whereby more collateral is posted than is required to obtain financing 

5 

OEM 
    Original equipment manufacturer 
      Private-label 
    Financing branded in the name of the product manufacturer rather than in the name of the finance provider 
      Remarketing 
    The controlled disposal of leased vehicles that have been reached the end of their lease term or of financed vehicles obtained through repossession 
      Residual Value 
    The future value of a leased asset at the end of its lease term 
      RSU 
    Restricted stock unit 
      Santander 
    Banco Santander, S.A. 
      SBNA 
    Santander Bank, N.A., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHUSA. Formerly Sovereign Bank, N.A. 
      SC 
    Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries 
      SCRA 
    Servicemembers Civil Relief Act 
      SDART 
    Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust, a securitization platform 
      SEC 
    U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
      Separation Agreement 
    The Separation Agreement dated July 2, 2015 entered into by Thomas G. Dundon with SC, DDFS LLC, SHUSA, Santander Consumer USA Inc. (the wholly owned subsidiary of SC) and Banco Santander, S.A. 
      Shareholders Agreement 
    
    The Shareholders agreement dated January 28, 2014, by and among the Company, SHUSA, DDFS, Thomas G. Dundon, Sponsor Auto Finance Holdings Series LP, and, for the certain sections set forth therein, Banco Santander 
      SHUSA 
    Santander Holdings USA, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santander and the majority owner of SC 
      Subvention 
    Reimbursement of the finance provider by a manufacturer for the difference between a market loan or lease rate and the below-market rate given to a customer 
      TDR 
    Troubled Debt Restructuring 
      Trusts 
    Special purpose financing trusts utilized in SC s financing transactions 
      U.S. GAAP 
    U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
      VIE 
    Variable Interest Entity 
      Warehouse Facility 
    A revolving line of credit generally used to fund finance receivable originations 

6 

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
                 Item 1. 
    Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
    
  The assets of consolidated VIEs, presented based upon the legal transfer of the underlying assets in order to reflect legal ownership, that can be used only to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and the liabilities of these entities for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to our general credit were as follows: 

Certain amounts shown above are greater than the amounts shown in the corresponding line items in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets due to intercompany eliminations between the VIEs and other entities consolidated by the Company. For example, for most of its securitizations, the Company retains one or more of the lowest tranches of bonds. Rather than showing investment in bonds as an asset and the associated debt as a liability, these amounts are eliminated in consolidation as required by U.S. GAAP. 
    
  See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   9 

SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
  (Unaudited) (In thousands) 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   10 

SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands)   

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   11 

SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
  (Unaudited) 

1  . 
    Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Significant Accounting Policies and Practices 
     Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc., a Delaware Corporation (together with its subsidiaries,  SC  or  the Company ), is the holding company for Santander Consumer USA Inc., an Illinois corporation, and subsidiaries, a specialized consumer finance company focused on vehicle finance and third-party servicing. The Company s primary business is the indirect origination and securitization of retail installment contracts principally through manufacturer-franchised dealers in connection with their sale of new and used vehicles to retail consumers. 
  In conjunction with a   ten  -year private label financing agreement (the Chrysler Agreement) with Fiat Chrysler Automobiles US LLC (FCA) that became effective May 1, 2013, the Company offers a full spectrum of auto financing products and services to FCA customers and dealers under the Chrysler Capital brand. These products and services include consumer retail installment contracts and leases, as well as dealer loans for inventory, construction, real estate, working capital and revolving lines of credit. 
  The Company also originates vehicle loans through a Web-based direct lending program, purchases vehicle retail installment contracts from other lenders, and services automobile and recreational and marine vehicle portfolios for other lenders. Additionally, the Company has several relationships through which it provides personal loans, private-label credit cards and other consumer finance products. 
  As of   March 31, 2016  , the Company was owned approximately   58.9%   by Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (SHUSA), a subsidiary of Banco Santander, S.A. (Santander), approximately   31.2%   by public shareholders, approximately   9.8%   by DDFS LLC, an entity affiliated with Thomas G. Dundon, the Company s former Chairman and CEO and approximately   0.1%   by other holders, primarily members of senior management. Pursuant to a Separation Agreement with Mr. Dundon, SHUSA was deemed to have delivered, as of July 3, 2015, an irrevocable notice to exercise the call option with respect to all the shares of Company common stock owned by DDFS LLC and consummate the transactions contemplated by the call option notice, subject to required bank regulatory approvals and any other approvals required by law being obtained (the "Call Transaction"). Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, because the Call Transaction was not consummated prior to October 15, 2015 (the  Call End Date ), DDFS LLC is free to transfer any or all of its shares of Company common stock, subject to the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2014, between DDFS LLC and Santander (Note 12). 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, including certain Trusts, which are considered VIEs. The Company also consolidates other VIEs for which it was deemed to be the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, these financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to for the fair statement of the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods indicated. Results of operations for the periods presented herein are not necessarily indicative of results of operations for the entire year. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities, as of the date of the financial statements and the amount of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates and those differences may be material. These estimates include the determination of credit loss allowance, discount accretion, impairment, fair value, expected end-of-term lease residual values, values of repossessed assets, and income taxes. These estimates, although based on actual historical trends and modeling, may potentially show significant variances over time. 
  
   12 

Business Segment Information 
  The Company has   one   reportable segment: Consumer Finance, which includes the Company s vehicle financial products and services, including retail installment contracts, vehicle leases, and dealer loans, as well as financial products and services related to motorcycles, recreational vehicles, and marine vehicles. It also includes the Company s personal loan and point-of-sale financing operations. 
  Accounting Policies 
  There have been no material changes in the Company's accounting policies from those disclosed in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
  In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,   Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.   This standard affects entities that issue share-based payments when the terms of an award stipulate that a performance target could be achieved after an employee completes the requisite service period. This guidance became effective for the Company January 1, 2016 and implementation of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,   Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items.   This standard simplifies income statement classification by removing the concept of extraordinary items from U.S. GAAP, and as a result, items that are both unusual and infrequent no longer will be separately reported net of tax after continuing operations. This guidance became effective for the Company January 1, 2016 and implementation of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,   Consolidation: Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.   This ASU changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. This guidance became effective for the Company January 1, 2016 and implementation of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05,   Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement.   This ASU clarifies when fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement pertain to the acquisition of a software license, services, or both. This guidance became effective for the Company January 1, 2016 and implementation of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers,   which provides guidance on a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. The effective date for this ASU, which was deferred by ASU 2015-14 issued in August 2015, is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. In March 2016, the FASB also issued ASU 2016-08, an amendment to the guidance in ASU 2014-09 which revises the structure of the indicators to provide indicators of when the entity is the principal or agent in a revenue transaction, and eliminated two of the indicators ( the entity s consideration is in the form of a commission  and  the entity is not exposed to credit risk ) in making that determination. This amendment also clarifies that each indicator may be more or less relevant to the assessment depending on the terms and conditions of the contract.  In April 2016, the FASB also issued ASU 2016-10, which clarifies the implementation guidance on identifying promised goods or services and on determining whether an entity's promise to grant a license with either a right to use the entity's intellectual property (which is satisfied at a point in time) or a right to access the entity's intellectual property (which is satisfied over time). The amendments, collectively, should be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or as a cumulative effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. Early adoption of the guidance is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2014-09 and the related updates to it on its financial position, results of operations and disclosures. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  , which provides guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial assets and liabilities. The guidance will be effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that year. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impacts of the adoption of this ASU. 
  
   13 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases,   which will, among other impacts, change the criteria under which leases are identified and accounted for as on- or off-balance sheet. The guidance will be effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that year. Once effective, the new guidance must be applied for all periods presented. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impacts of the adoption of this ASU. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions. The guidance will be effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that year. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impacts of the adoption of this ASU. 
   
  2.     Corrections of Errors 
  Subsequent to the the issuance of the Company s March, 31, 2016 condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company identified errors in its historical financial statements, including for the three months ended March 31, 2016. Accordingly, the Company has restated the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2016 to reflect the error corrections, the most significant of which are as follows: 
             
    The Company determined that its historical methodology for estimating its credit loss allowance for individually acquired retail installment contracts held for investment was in error as it utilized the original contractual interest rate rather than the original effective rate as the discount rate applied to expected cash flows to determine TDR impairment. ASC 310-40-35-12 requires that expected future cash flows be discounted using the original effective interest rate.  
     The Company has corrected the discount rate used in the determination of TDR impairment and has determined that the allowance was understated, and the net carrying balance of individually acquired retail installment contracts held for investment accordingly overstated, by   $73,243   as of March 31, 2016 related to this methodology error. This error also impacted the provision for credit losses in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, as noted in the tables below, and related disclosures. 
             
    The Company has determined that its application of the retrospective effective interest method for accreting discounts, subvention payments from manufacturers, and other origination costs (collectively "discount") on individually acquired retail installment contracts held for investment was in error, as (i) these cost basis adjustments were accreted over the average life of a loan rather than the aggregate life of a loan pool, (ii) defaults were inappropriately considered in the estimate of future principal prepayments, (iii) the portfolio was not adequately segmented to consider different prepayment performance based on credit quality and term, (iv) remaining unaccreted balances at charge off were being recorded as interest income rather than as reductions of the net charge off  ,   and (v) the unaccreted discount component of TDR carrying value was misstated, resulting in inaccurate TDR impairment. 
       
  (i)   T  he Company previously had accreted discounts over the average life of the loan portfolio. However, Examples 3 and 4 in the implementation guidance to ASC 310-20,   Receivables - Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs  , provide guidance on the projection of cash flows for a pool of loans and the treatment of actual and anticipated prepayments for determining the effective interest rate under the retrospective method. The guidance demonstrates an application that aligns with the aggregate life of the loan pool rather than the average loan life concept. Under the average life method previously applied by the Company, anticipated prepayments shortened the life of the portfolio and maintained the portfolio monthly cash flows constant, i.e., incorrectly accelerated the accretion of discount. Accordingly, management has determined that the use of the average life was in error. 
    
  (ii) The Company previously had considered all types of liquidations, both voluntary prepayments and charge offs, as anticipated prepayments for purposes of determining a prepayment assumption. However, the application of a prepayment assumption as described in ASC 310-20-35-26 does not allow for future expected defaults to be considered in the assumption. Accordingly, management has determined that the inclusion of future expected defaults in the anticipated prepayment assumption was in error. 
    
  (iii) The Company previously had aggregated all loans in the individually acquired retail installment contract portfolio into one pool for the purpose of estimating prepayments and determining the effective interest rate  
  
   14 

under the retrospective method. ASC 310-20-35-30 provides some characteristics to be considered when aggregating a large number of similar loans for this purpose. Management has determined that there is differentiation in prepayment behavior within its loan portfolio based on characteristics including credit quality, maturity, and period of origination. Accordingly, management has determined that the absence of segmentation into pools of homogeneous loans was in error. 
    
  (iv) The Company previously had recorded charge offs based on unpaid principal balance. The accretion of discount of charged off loans was previously reported as interest income. However, ASC 310-10,   Receivables  , refers to the recorded investment in the loan as the appropriate accounting basis. ASC 310-10-35-24 specifies that the recorded investment includes adjustments such as unamortized premium or discount. Accordingly, management has determined that unaccreted discounts remaining at charge off should be included in the net charge off amount recorded. 
    
  (v) As a result of the incorrect accretion methodology, as well as the exclusion of unaccreted discount, the recorded investment in TDRs was misstated, resulting in a misstatement of TDR impairment. 
  The Company has corrected its accretion methodology and has determined that the various aspects had the following impact as of March 31, 2016:   

The Company previously omitted the consideration of net unaccreted discounts when estimating the allowance for credit losses for the non-TDR portfolio of individually acquired retail installment loans held for investment under ASC 450-20. Accordingly, management has determined that the omission of consideration of net unaccreted discounts in the allowance was in error.  
     The Company has corrected its allowance methodology to take net unaccreted discounts into consideration, and has determined that the allowance was overstated, and the net carrying value of individually acquired retail installment contracts held for investment accordingly understated, by   $106,226   as of March 31, 2016 related to this methodology error. This error also impacted the provision for credit losses in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, as noted in the tables below, and related disclosures. 
             
    During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company had recognized   $12,340   in severance-related expenses,   $9,881   in stock compensation expense and a liability for   $115,139   in contemplation of the amounts and benefits payable to former CEO Thomas G. Dundon pursuant to a Separation Agreement among Mr. Dundon, the Company, DDFS LLC, SHUSA and Santander. However, the Company has subsequently determined that its previous accounting for the expenses and liabilities contemplated in the Separation Agreement was in error as such expenses and liabilities should not be recorded until all applicable conditions have been satisfied, including that all regulatory approvals have been obtained. Accordingly, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2016 do not include any expense or liability associated with the Separation Agreement. Further, in the absence of satisfaction of applicable conditions, Mr. Dundon s remaining unexercised vested options are considered to have expired subsequent to his termination without cause; accordingly, the restated financial statements reflect the removal of the deferred tax asset associated with the previously recorded compensation expense related to Mr. Dundon s vested but unexercised options, and do not include Mr. Dundon s vested options in the calculation of diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. 
     In addition to the restatement of the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements, certain information within the following notes to the condensed consolidated financial statement has been restated to reflect the corrections of errors discussed above as well as other, less significant errors and/or to add disclosure language, as appropriate.  

Note 3. Finance Receivables 
     
   15 

Note 4. Leases 
                
    Note 5. Credit Loss Allowance and Credit Quality 
                
    Note 7. Variable Interest Entities 
                
    Note 8. Derivative Financial Instruments 
                
    Note 9. Other Assets  
                 
    Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies 
                
    Note 12. Related-Party Transactions 
                
    Note 13. Computation of Basic and Diluted Earnings per Common Share 
                
    Note 14. Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
                
    Note 15. Employee Benefit Plans 
                
    Note 17. Investment Gains (Losses), Net 
       
  The following table summarizes the impacts of the corrections on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2016:   

The following table summarizes the impacts of the corrections on the Company's assets and liabilities related to VIEs included in the condensed consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2016: 

16 

The following table summarizes the impacts of the corrections on our condensed consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income for the three months ended March 31, 2016:   

The following table summarizes the impacts of the corrections on our condensed consolidated statement of equity for the three months ended March 31, 2016: 

17 

The following table summarizes the impacts of the corrections on our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2016:   

3. 
    Finance Receivables (As Restated) 
     Finance receivables held for investment, net is comprised of the following at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The Company's held for investment portfolio of retail installment contracts acquired individually, receivables from dealers, and personal loans was comprised of the following at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

18 

Purchased receivables portfolios, which were acquired with deteriorated credit quality, were comprised of the following at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

As of September 30, 2015, the Company determined that it no longer had the intent to hold its personal loans for investment and that classification of all of its personal loans as held for sale was appropriate as of that date. In connection with the reclassification to held for sale, the Company transferred the personal loan portfolio at the lower of cost or market, with the lower of cost or market adjustment being charged off against the credit loss allowance. Loan originations and purchases under the Company s personal lending platform subsequent to September 30, 2015, also are classified as held for sale. Following the reclassification of personal loans to held for sale, further adjustments to the recorded investment in personal loans held for sale, whether due to customer default or changes in market value, are recorded in investment gains (losses), net, in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (Note 17). On February 1, 2016, the Company sold personal loans with an unpaid principal balance of   $869,349   to a third party for an immaterial gain to unpaid principal balance. 
    
  At   December 31, 2015  , the Company determined that its intent to sell certain non-performing personal installment loans had changed and now expects to hold these loans through their maturity. The Company recorded a lower of cost or market adjustment through investment gains (losses), net, immediately prior to transferring the loans to finance receivables held for investment at their new recorded investment. The carrying value of these loans was   $1,337   and   $941   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The carrying value of the Company's finance receivables held for sale was comprised of the following at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Sales of retail installment contracts to third parties and proceeds from sales of charged-off assets for the   three months ended     March 31, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

The Company retains servicing of retail installment contracts and leases sold to third parties. Total contracts sold to unrelated third parties and serviced as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows: 
  
   19 

Retail installment contracts are collateralized by vehicle titles, and the Company has the right to repossess the vehicle in the event the consumer defaults on the payment terms of the contract. Most of the Company s retail installment contracts held for investment are pledged against warehouse facilities or securitization bonds (Note 6). Most of the creditors on the Company s retail installment contracts are retail consumers; however,   $1,165,062   and   $1,087,024   of the unpaid principal balance represented fleet contracts with commercial borrowers as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Borrowers on the Company s retail installment contracts held for investment are located in Texas (  17%  ), Florida (  13%  ), California (  10%  ), Georgia (  5%  ) and other states each individually representing less than   5%   of the Company s total.    
  Receivables from dealers held for investment includes a term loan with a third-party vehicle dealer and lender that operates in multiple states. The loan allowed committed borrowings of   $50,000   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and the unpaid principal balance of the facility was   $50,000   at each of those dates. The term loan will mature on December 31, 2018. The Company had accrued interest on this term loan of   $158   and   $156   at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
  The remaining receivables from dealers held for investment are all Chrysler Agreement-related. Borrowers on these dealer receivables are located in Virginia (  38%  ), California (  23%  ), New York (  20%  ), Missouri (  9%  ), Mississippi (  7%  ), and other states each individually representing less than   5%   of the Company s total. 
  Changes in accretable yield on the Company s purchased receivables portfolios for the periods indicated were as follows: 

During the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , the Company did not acquire any vehicle loan portfolios for which it was probable at acquisition that not all contractually required payments would be collected. 

4. 
    Leases (As Restated) 
     The Company has both operating and capital leases, which are separately accounted for and recorded on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. Operating leases are reported as leased vehicles, net, while capital leases are included in finance receivables held for investment, net. 
  Operating Leases 
  Leased vehicles, net, which is comprised of leases originated under the Chrysler Agreement, consisted of the following as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

20 

During the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , the Company executed bulk sales of Chrysler Capital leases with an aggregate depreciated net capitalized cost of   zero   and   $561,334  , respectively, and a net book value of   zero   and   $488,919  , to a third party, respectively. The bulk sale agreement included certain provisions whereby the Company agreed to share in residual losses for lease terminations with losses over a specific percentage threshold (Note 11). The Company retained servicing on the sold leases. Due to the accelerated depreciation permitted for tax purposes, the sale generated large taxable gains that the Company deferred through a qualified like-kind exchange program. An immaterial amount of taxable gain that did not qualify for deferral was recognized upon expiration of the reinvestment period. 
    
  The following summarizes the future minimum rental payments due to the Company as lessor under operating leases as of   March 31, 2016  : 

Capital Leases 
  Certain leases originated by the Company are accounted for as capital leases, as the contractual residual values are nominal amounts. Capital lease receivables, net consisted of the following as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The following summarizes the future minimum lease payments due to the Company as lessor under capital leases as of   March 31, 2016  : 

5. 
    Credit Loss Allowance and Credit Quality (As Restated) 
     Credit Loss Allowance 
  The Company estimates the allowance for credit losses on individually acquired retail installment contracts and personal loans held for investment not classified as TDRs based on delinquency status, historical loss experience, estimated values of underlying collateral, when applicable, and various economic factors. In developing the allowance, the Company utilizes a loss emergence period assumption, a loss given default assumption applied to recorded  
  
   21 

investment, and a probability of default assumption based on a loss forecasting model. The loss emergence period assumption represents the average length of time between when a loss event is first estimated to have occurred and when the account is charged off. The recorded investment represents unpaid principal balance adjusted for unaccreted net discounts, subvention from manufacturers, and origination costs. Under this approach, the resulting allowance represents the expected net losses of recorded investment inherent in the portfolio. For loans classified as TDRs, impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate. 
  The Company maintains a general credit loss allowance for receivables from dealers based on risk ratings, and individually evaluates loans for specific impairment as necessary. As of March 31, 2016, the credit loss allowance for receivables from dealers is comprised of a general allowance of   $978  , plus   $425   specific impairment for substandard commercial risk rated receivables from dealers with an unpaid principal balance of   $5,965  . 
  The activity in the credit loss allowance for individually acquired loans for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   was as follows: 

The impairment activity related to purchased receivables portfolios for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   was as follows: 

The Company estimates lease losses on the capital lease receivable portfolio based on delinquency status and loss experience to date, as well as various economic factors. The activity in the lease loss allowance for capital leases for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   was as follows: 

Delinquencies 
    
  Retail installment contracts are classified as non-performing when they are greater than   60 days   past due as to contractual principal or interest payments. Dealer receivables are classified as non-performing when they are greater  
  
   22 

than   90 days   past due. At the time a loan is placed in non-performing status, previously accrued and uncollected interest is reversed against interest income. If an account is returned to a performing status, the Company returns to accruing interest on the contract.  
  A summary of delinquencies as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows: 

The balances in the above tables reflect total unpaid principal balance rather than net investment before allowance. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   no   receivables from dealers that were 31 days or more delinquent. 
  FICO          Distribution     A summary of the credit risk profile of the Company s retail installment contract held for investment by FICO        distribution, determined at origination, as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was as follows: 

(a)  No FICO score is obtained on loans to commercial borrowers 
    
  Commercial Lending Credit Quality Indicators     The credit quality of receivables from dealers, which are considered commercial loans, is summarized according to standard regulatory classifications as follows: 
  Pass   Asset is well-protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or guarantors, if any, or by the fair value less costs to acquire and sell any underlying collateral in a timely manner. 
  Special Mention   Asset has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention, which, if left uncorrected, may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for an asset at some future date. Special Mention assets are not adversely classified. 
  Substandard   Asset is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged, if any. A well-defined weakness or weaknesses exist that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. The loans are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if deficiencies are not corrected. 
  
   23 

Doubtful   Exhibits the inherent weaknesses of a substandard credit. Additional characteristics exist that make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values. Possibility of loss is extremely high, but because of certain important and reasonable specific pending factors which may work to the advantage and strengthening of the credit, an estimated loss cannot yet be determined. 
  Loss   Credit is considered uncollectible and of such little value that it does not warrant consideration as an active asset. There may be some recovery or salvage value, but there is doubt as to whether, how much or when the recovery would occur. 
  As discussed in Note 3, the Company has   $1,165,062   of fleet retail installment contracts with commercial borrowers. The Company's risk department performs a commercial analysis and classifies certain loans over an internal threshold based on the classifications above. As of   March 31, 2016  ,   $6,409   of fleet loans were classified as Special Mention; the remaining fleet portfolio borrowers with balances over the classification threshold all were classified as Pass. 
  Commercial loan credit quality indicators for receivables from dealers held for investment as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows: 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  In certain circumstances, the Company modifies the terms of its finance receivables to troubled borrowers. Modifications may include a reduction in interest rate, an extension of the maturity date, rescheduling of future cash flows, or a combination thereof. A modification of finance receivable terms is considered a TDR if the Company grants a concession to a borrower for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor s financial difficulties that would not otherwise have been considered. Management considers TDRs to include all individually acquired retail installment contracts that have been modified at least once, deferred for a period of   90 days   or more, or deferred at least twice. Additionally, restructurings through bankruptcy proceedings are deemed to be TDRs. The purchased receivables portfolio, operating and capital leases, and loans held for sale, including personal loans, are excluded from the scope of the applicable guidance. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   no   receivables from dealers classified as a TDR. 
  For loans not classified as TDRs, the Company generally estimates an appropriate allowance for credit losses based on delinquency status, the Company s historical loss experience, estimated values of underlying collateral, and various economic factors. Once a loan has been classified as a TDR, it is assessed for impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate considering all available evidence. 
  The table below presents the Company s TDRs as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

A summary of the Company s delinquent TDRs at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , is as follows: 
  
   24 

A loan that has been classified as a TDR remains so until the loan is liquidated through payoff or charge-off. Consistent with the Company s other retail installment contracts, TDRs are placed on nonaccrual status when the account becomes past due more than   60 days  , and returns to accrual status when the account is   60 days   or less past due. Average recorded investment and income recognized on TDR loans are as follows: 

The following table summarizes the financial effects of TDRs that occurred during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  : 

A TDR is considered to have subsequently defaulted upon charge off, which for retail installment contracts is at the earlier of the date of repossession or the month in which the loan becomes   120 days   past due and for revolving personal loans is generally the month in which the receivable becomes   180 days   past due. Loan restructurings accounted for as TDRs within the previous twelve months that subsequently defaulted during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   are summarized in the following table: 

25 

Revolving Credit Facilities 
  The following table presents information regarding credit facilities as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

(a) 
    Half of the outstanding balance on this facility matures in March 2017 and half matures in March 2018. 
              (b) 
    This line is held exclusively for financing of Chrysler Capital loans. 
              (c) 
    This line is held exclusively for financing of Chrysler Capital leases. 
              (d) 
    The repurchase facility is collateralized by securitization notes payable retained by the Company. This facility has rolling maturities of up to   180   days. On April 14, 2016, the Company entered into a second repurchase facility, advancing   $237,000  . 
              (e) 
    These lines are collateralized by residuals retained by the Company. 
      
   26 

Facilities with Third Parties 
  The warehouse lines and repurchase facility are fully collateralized by a designated portion of the Company s retail installment contracts (Note 3), leased vehicles (Note 4), securitization notes payables and residuals retained by the Company. 
     Lines of Credit with Santander and Related Subsidiaries 
  Through its New York branch, Santander provides the Company with   $3,000,000   of long-term committed revolving credit facilities. Through SHUSA, Santander provides the Company with an additional   $300,000   of committed revolving credit, collateralized by residuals retained on the Company's own securitizations, and   $1,500,000   of committed revolving credit that can be drawn on an unsecured basis. 
    
  The facilities offered through the New York branch are structured as   three  - and   five  -year floating rate facilities, with current maturity dates of   December 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2018  , respectively. These facilities currently permit unsecured borrowing but generally are collateralized by retail installment contracts and retained residuals. Any secured balances outstanding under the facilities at the time of their maturity will amortize to match the maturities and expected cash flows of the corresponding collateral. 
    
  Secured Structured Financings 
    
  The following table presents information regarding secured structured financings as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 
  
   27 

(a) 
    Securitizations executed under Rule 144A of the Securities Act are included within this balance. 
              (b) 
    This securitization was most recently amended in May 2015 to extend the maturity date to May 2016. 

Most of the Company s secured structured financings are in the form of public, SEC-registered securitizations. The Company also executes private securitizations under Rule 144A of the Securities Act and periodically issues private term amortizing notes, which are structured similarly to securitizations but are acquired by banks and conduits. The Company s securitizations and private issuances are collateralized by vehicle retail installment contracts and loans or leases. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had private issuances of notes backed by vehicle leases totaling   $3,904,803   and   $3,228,240  , respectively. 
  
   28 

Unamortized debt issuance costs are amortized as interest expense over the terms of the related notes payable using the effective interest method and are classified as a discount to the related recorded debt balance. For securitizations, the term takes into consideration the expected execution of the contractual call option, if applicable. Amortization of premium or accretion of discount on acquired notes payable is also included in interest expense using the effective interest method over the estimated remaining life of the acquired notes. Total interest expense on secured structured financings for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   was   $94,376   and   $60,852  , respectively. 

7. 
    Variable Interest Entities (As Restated) 
     The Company transfers retail installment contracts and leased vehicles into newly formed Trusts that then issue one or more classes of notes payable backed by the collateral. The Company s continuing involvement with these Trusts is in the form of servicing the assets and, generally, through holding residual interests in the Trusts. These transactions are structured without recourse. The Trusts are considered VIEs under U.S. GAAP and, when the Company holds the residual interest, are consolidated because the Company has: (a) power over the significant activities of each entity as servicer of its financial assets and (b) through the residual interest and in some cases debt securities held by the Company, an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from each VIE that are potentially significant to the VIE. When the Company does not retain any debt or equity interests in its securitizations or subsequently sells such interests, it records these transactions as sales of the associated retail installment contracts. 
  The collateral, borrowings under credit facilities and securitization notes payable of the Company's consolidated VIEs remain on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognizes finance charges, fee income, and provision for credit losses on the retail installment contracts, and leased vehicles and interest expense on the debt. All of the Trusts are separate legal entities and the collateral and other assets held by these subsidiaries are legally owned by them and are not available to other creditors. 
  Revolving credit facilities generally also utilize Trusts that are considered VIEs. 
  The Company also uses a titling trust to originate and hold its leased vehicles and the associated leases, in order to facilitate the pledging of leases to financing facilities or the sale of leases to other parties without incurring the costs and administrative burden of retitling the leased vehicles. This titling trust is considered a VIE. 
  On-balance sheet variable interest entities 
  The Company retains servicing for receivables transferred to the Trusts and receives a monthly servicing fee on the outstanding principal balance. Supplemental fees, such as late charges, for servicing the receivables are reflected in fees, commissions and other income. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company was servicing   $28,446,136   and   $27,995,907  , respectively, of gross retail installment contracts that have been transferred to consolidated Trusts. The remainder of the Company s retail installment contracts remain unpledged. 
    
  A summary of the cash flows received from consolidated securitization trusts during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , is as follows: 

(a) 
    Includes additional advances on existing securitizations. 
              (b) 
    These amounts are not reflected in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of cash flows because the cash flows are intra-company and eliminated in consolidation. 
     Off-balance sheet variable interest entities 
  The Company has completed sales to VIEs that met sale accounting treatment in accordance with the applicable guidance. Due to the nature, purpose, and activity of the transactions, the Company determined for consolidation purposes that it either does not hold potentially significant variable interests or is not the primary beneficiary as a result of the Company's limited further involvement with the financial assets. For such transactions, the transferred  
  
   29 

financial assets are removed from the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. In certain situations, the Company remains the servicer of the financial assets and receives servicing fees that represent adequate compensation, and may reacquire assets from the Trusts through the exercise of an optional clean-up call, as permitted through the respective servicing agreements. The Company also recognizes a gain or loss for the difference between the cash proceeds and carrying value of the assets sold. 
  During the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , the Company executed no off-balance sheet securitizations with VIEs with which it has continuing involvement. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company was servicing   $3,407,333   and   $3,897,223  , respectively, of gross retail installment contracts that have been sold in off-balance sheet securitizations and were subject to an optional clean-up call. Other than repurchases of sold assets due to standard representations and warranties, the Company has   no   exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with these VIEs. 
    
  A summary of the cash flows received from off-balance sheet securitization trusts during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   is as follows: 

8. 
    Derivative Financial Instruments (As Restated) 
     The Company manages its exposure to changing interest rates using derivative financial instruments. In certain circumstances, the Company is required to hedge its interest rate risk on its secured structured financings and the borrowings under its revolving credit facilities. The Company uses both interest rate swaps and interest rate caps to satisfy these requirements and to hedge the variability of cash flows on securities issued by securitization Trusts and borrowings under the Company's warehouse facilities. Certain of the Company s interest rate swap agreements are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI), to the extent that the hedge relationships are effective, and amounts are reclassified from AOCI to earnings as the forecasted transactions impact earnings. Ineffectiveness, if any, associated with changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is recorded currently in earnings. 
  The Company s remaining interest rate swap agreements, as well as its interest rate cap agreements, the corresponding options written in order to offset the interest rate cap agreements, and a total return settlement agreement are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments not designated as hedges for accounting purposes are reflected in earnings. 
  The underlying notional amounts and aggregate fair values of these agreements at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , were as follows: 

The aggregate fair value of the interest rate swap agreements is included on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets in other assets or other liabilities, as appropriate. The interest rate cap agreements are included in other assets, and the related options in other liabilities, on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 14 for additional disclosure of fair value and balance sheet location of the Company's derivative financial instruments. 

30 

The Company is the holder of a warrant that gives it the right, if certain vesting conditions are satisfied, to purchase additional shares in a company in which it has a cost method investment. This warrant was issued in 2012 and is carried at its estimated fair value of   zero   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  The Company is obligated to make purchase price holdback payments on a periodic basis to a third-party originator of loans that the Company has purchased, when losses are lower than originally expected. The Company also is obligated to make total return settlement payments to this third-party originator in 2016 and 2017 if returns on the purchased loans are greater than originally expected. These purchase price holdback payments and total return settlement payments are considered to be derivatives, collectively referred to herein as  total return settlement,  and accordingly are marked to fair value each reporting period. 
  The Company enters into legally enforceable master netting agreements that reduce risk by permitting netting of transactions, such as derivatives and collateral posting, with the same counterparty on the occurrence of certain events. A master netting agreement allows two counterparties the ability to net-settle amounts under all contracts, including any related collateral posted, through a single payment. The right to offset and certain terms regarding the collateral process, such as valuation, credit events and settlement, are contained in ISDA master agreements. The Company has elected to present derivative balances on a gross basis even if the derivative is subject to a legally enforceable master netting (ISDA) agreements for all derivative financial instruments. Collateral that is received or pledged for these transactions is disclosed within the  Gross amounts not offset in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet  section of the tables below. Information on the offsetting of derivative assets and derivative liabilities due to the right of offset was as follows, as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

31 

(a) 
    Cash collateral pledged is reported in Other assets or Due from affiliate, as applicable, in the condensed consolidated balance sheet.  
       
  The gross gains (losses) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income, and gains (losses) recognized in net income, are included as components of interest expense. The impacts on the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 
                                       
    Three Months Ended   March 31, 2016 
        
    Recognized in Earnings 
      
    Gross Gains (Losses) Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
      
    Gross Gains (Losses) Reclassified From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income to Interest Expense 
      Interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges 
    $ 
    208 

$ 
    (73,005 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (12,082 
    ) 

Derivative instruments not designated as hedges: 

Gains (losses) recognized in interest expense 
    $ 
    (5,499 
    ) 

Gains (losses) recognized in operating expenses 
    $ 
    (1,316 
    ) 

32 

Three Months Ended   March 31, 2015 
        
    Recognized in Earnings 
      
    Gross Gains (Losses) Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
      
    Gross Gains (Losses) Reclassified From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income to Interest Expense 
      Interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges 
    $ 
    223 

$ 
    (31,536 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (11,071 
    ) 

Derivative instruments not designated as hedges: 

Gains (losses) recognized in interest expense 
    $ 
    (2,429 
    ) 

Gains (losses) recognized in operating expenses 
    $ 
    (11,955 
    ) 

The ineffectiveness related to the interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges was insignificant for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  . The Company estimates that approximately   $48,000   of unrealized losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) will be reclassified to interest expense within the next twelve months. 

9. 
    Other Assets (As Restated) 
     Other assets were comprised as follows: 

(a) 
    These amounts relate to the Chrysler Agreement. The Company paid a   $150,000   upfront fee upon the May 2013 inception of the agreement. The fee is being amortized into finance and other interest income over a   ten  -year term. As the preferred financing provider for FCA, the Company is entitled to subvention payments on loans and leases with below-market customer payments. 
              (b) 
    Includes vehicles obtained through repossession as well as vehicles obtained due to lease terminations. 
     
   33 

10. 
    Income Taxes (As Restated) 
     The Company recorded income tax expense of   $120,643   (  36.7%   effective tax rate) and   $122,823   (  33.6%   effective tax rate) during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The increase in effective tax rate is primarily due to discrete adjustments recognized during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2015  . 
  The Company is a party to a tax sharing agreement requiring that the unitary state tax liability among affiliates included in unitary state tax returns be allocated using the hypothetical separate company tax calculation method. At   March 31, 2016  , the Company had a net receivable from affiliates under the tax sharing agreement of   $85  , which was included in Related party taxes receivable in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. At   December 31, 2015  , the Company had a net receivable from affiliates under the tax sharing agreement of   $71  , which was included in Related party taxes receivable in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
  Significant judgment is required in evaluating and reserving for uncertain tax positions. Although management believes adequate reserves have been established for all uncertain tax positions, the final outcomes of these matters may differ. Management does not believe the outcome of any uncertain tax position, individually or combined, will have a material effect on the results of operations. The reserve for uncertain tax positions, as well as associated penalties and interest, is a component of the income tax provision. 

11. 
    Commitments and Contingencies (As Restated) 
     The Company is obligated to make purchase price holdback payments to a third-party originator of auto loans that the Company has purchased, when losses are lower than originally expected. The Company also is obligated to make total return settlement payments to this third-party originator beginning in June 2016 if returns on the purchased loans are greater than originally expected. These obligations are accounted for as derivatives (Note 8). 
  The Company has extended revolving lines of credit to certain auto dealers. Under this arrangement, the Company is committed to lend up to each dealer's established credit limit. At   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there was an outstanding balance of   $26,015   and   $26,941  , respectively and a committed amount of   $28,549   and   $27,385  , respectively. 
  Under terms of agreements with LendingClub, the Company was committed to purchase, at a minimum, through   March 31, 2016  , the lesser of   $30,000   per month or   50%   of LendingClub s aggregate "near-prime" (as that term is defined in the agreements) originations and, thereafter through July 2017, the lesser of   $30,000   per month or   50%   of LendingClub s aggregate near-prime originations. This commitment could be reduced or canceled with   90 days  ' notice. On October 9, 2015, the Company sent a notice of termination to LendingClub, and, accordingly, ceased originations on this platform on January 7, 2016. 
  The Company is committed to purchase certain new advances on personal revolving financings originated by a third party retailer, along with existing balances on accounts with new advances, for an initial term ending in   April 2020   and renewing through April 2022 at the retailer's option. Each customer account generated under the agreements generally is approved with a credit limit higher than the amount of the initial purchase, with each subsequent purchase automatically approved as long as it does not cause the account to exceed its limit and the customer is in good standing. As these credit lines do not have a specified maturity, but rather can be terminated at any time in the event of adverse credit changes or lack of use, the Company has not recorded an allowance for unfunded commitments. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company was obligated to purchase   $11,596   and   $12,486  , respectively, in receivables that had been originated by the retailer but not yet purchased by the Company. The Company also is required to make a profit-sharing payment to the retailer each month if performance exceeds a specified return threshold. The retailer also has the right to repurchase up to   9.99%   of the existing portfolio at any time during the term of the agreement, and, provided that repurchase right is exercised, has the right to retain up to   20%   of new accounts subsequently originated. 
  Under terms of an application transfer agreement with an OEM other than FCA, the Company has the first opportunity to review for its own portfolio any credit applications turned down by the OEM's captive finance company. The agreement does not require the Company to originate any loans, but for each loan originated the Company pays the OEM a referral fee, comprised of a volume bonus fee and a loss betterment bonus fee. The loss betterment bonus fee is calculated annually and is based on the amount by which losses on loans originated under the agreement are lower than an established percentage threshold. 
  
   34 

The Company has agreements with SBNA to service recreational and marine vehicle portfolios. These agreements call for a periodic retroactive adjustment, based on cumulative return performance, of the servicing fee rate to inception of the contract. There were upward     adjustments of   $836   and downward adjustments of   $147   for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  In connection with the sale of retail installment contracts through securitizations and other sales, the Company has made standard representations and warranties customary to the consumer finance industry. Violations of these representations and warranties may require the Company to repurchase loans previously sold to on- or off-balance sheet trusts or other third parties. As of   March 31, 2016  , there were   no   loans that were the subject of a demand to repurchase or replace for breach of representations and warranties for the Company's asset-backed securities or other sales. In the opinion of management, the potential exposure of other recourse obligations related to the Company s retail installment contract sales agreements will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  Santander has provided guarantees on the covenants, agreements, and obligations of the Company under the governing documents of its warehouse facilities and privately issued amortizing notes. These guarantees are limited to the obligations of the Company as servicer. 
  Under terms of the Chrysler Agreement, the Company must make revenue sharing payments to FCA and also must make gain-sharing payments when residual gains on leased vehicles exceed a specified threshold. The Company had accrued   $10,701   and   $12,054   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, related to this obligation.  
  The Company has a flow agreement with Bank of America whereby the Company is committed to sell up to a specified amount of eligible loans to the bank each month through   May 2018  . Prior to October 1, 2015, the amount of this monthly commitment was   $300,000  . On October 1, 2015, the Company and Bank of America amended the flow agreement to increase the maximum commitment to sell to   $350,000   of eligible loans each month, and to change the required written notice period from either party, in the event of termination of the agreement, from   120 days   to   90 days  . The Company retains servicing on all sold loans and may receive or pay a servicer performance payment based on an agreed-upon formula if performance on the sold loans is better or worse, respectively, than expected performance at time of sale. The Company had accrued   $8,004   and   $6,331   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, related to this obligation.  
  The Company has sold loans to CBP under terms of a flow agreement and predecessor sale agreements. The Company retains servicing on the sold loans and will owe CBP a loss-sharing payment capped at   0.5%   of the original pool balance if losses exceed a specified threshold, established on a pool-by-pool basis. On June 25, 2015, the Company executed an amendment to the servicing agreement with CBP, which increased the servicing fee the Company receives. The Company and CBP also amended the flow agreement which reduced, effective from and after August 1, 2015, CBP's committed purchases of Chrysler Capital prime loans from a maximum of   $600,000   and a minimum of   $250,000   per quarter to a maximum of   $200,000   and a minimum of   $50,000   per quarter, as may be adjusted according to the agreement. In January 2016, the Company executed an amendment to the servicing agreement with CBP that decreased the servicing fee the Company receives on loans sold to CBP by the Company under the flow agreement. The Company had accrued   $3,354   and   $3,375   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, related to the loss-sharing obligation.  
  The Company provided SBNA with the first right to review and approve consumer vehicle lease applications, subject to volume constraints, under terms of a flow agreement that was terminated on May 9, 2015. The Company has indemnified SBNA for potential credit and residual losses on   $48,226   of leases that had been originated by SBNA under this program but were subsequently determined not to meet SBNA s underwriting requirements. This indemnification agreement is supported by an equal amount of cash collateral posted by the Company in an SBNA bank account. The collateral account balance is included in restricted cash in the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company additionally has agreed to indemnify SBNA for residual losses, up to a cap, on certain leases originated under the flow agreement between September 24, 2014 and May 9, 2015 for which SBNA and the Company had differing residual value expectations at lease inception. 
  The Company is party to a forward flow asset sale agreement with a third party under terms of which the Company is committed to sell charged off loan receivables in bankruptcy status on a quarterly basis until sales total at least   $350,000   in proceeds. Any sale after the total sales have reached   $275,000   is subject to a market price check. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the remaining aggregate commitment was   $195,652   and   $200,707  , respectively. 
  
   35 

In connection with the bulk sales of Chrysler Capital leases (including the sale described in Note 4), the Company is obligated to make quarterly payments to the purchaser sharing residual losses for lease terminations with losses over a specific percentage threshold. The estimated guarantee liability, net, was   $1,929   and   $2,893  , net, as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Pursuant to the terms of a Separation Agreement among former CEO Thomas G. Dundon, the Company, DDFS LLC, SHUSA and Santander, upon satisfaction of applicable conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals, the Company will owe Mr. Dundon a cash payment of up to   $115,139   (Note 12). 
    
  Legal Proceedings 
  Periodically, the Company is party to, or otherwise involved in, various lawsuits and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. 
  On August 26, 2014, a purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York, captioned Steck v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. et al., No. 1:14-cv-06942 (the Deka Lawsuit). On October 6, 2014, another purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the District Court of Dallas County, State of Texas, captioned Kumar v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings, et al., No. DC-14-11783, which was subsequently removed to the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas, and re-captioned Kumar v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings, et al., No. 3:14-CV-3746 (the Kumar Lawsuit). 
  Both the Deka Lawsuit and the Kumar Lawsuit were brought against the Company, certain of its current and former directors and executive officers and certain institutions that served as underwriters in the Company's IPO on behalf of a class consisting of those who purchased or otherwise acquired our securities between January 23, 2014 and June 12, 2014. In February 2015, the Kumar Lawsuit was voluntarily dismissed with prejudice. In June 2015, the venue of the Deka Lawsuit was transferred to the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas. In September 2015, the court granted a motion to appoint lead plaintiffs and lead counsel, and the Deka Lawsuit is now captioned Deka Investment GmbH et al. v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. et al., No. 3:15-cv-2129-K. 
  The amended class action complaint in the Deka Lawsuit alleges that our Registration Statement and Prospectus and certain subsequent public disclosures contained misleading statements concerning the Company s ability to pay dividends and the adequacy of the Company s compliance systems and oversight. The amended complaint asserts claims under Sections 11, 12(a) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and seeks damages and other relief. On December 18, 2015, the Company and the individual defendants moved to dismiss the amended class action complaint. 
  On October 15, 2015, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, captioned Feldman v. Jason A. Kulas, et al., C.A. No. 11614 (the Feldman Lawsuit). The Feldman Lawsuit names as defendants current and former members of the Company s Board, and names the Company as a nominal defendant. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the current and former director defendants breached their fiduciary duties in connection with overseeing the Company s subprime auto lending practices, resulting in harm to the Company. The complaint seeks unspecified damages and equitable relief. On December 29, 2015, the Feldman Lawsuit was stayed pending the resolution of the Deka Lawsuit. 
  On March 18, 2016, a purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas, captioned Parmelee v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. et al., No. 3:16-cv-783 (the Parmelee Lawsuit). On April 4, 2016, another purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas, captioned Benson v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. et al., No. 3:16-cv-919 (the Benson Lawsuit). Both the Parmelee Lawsuit and the Benson Lawsuit were filed against the Company and certain of its current and former directors and executive officers on behalf of a class consisting of all those who purchased or otherwise acquired our securities between February 3, 2015 and March 15, 2016. The complaints in the Parmelee Lawsuit and Benson Lawsuit allege that the Company made false or misleading statements, as well as failed to disclose material adverse facts, in prior Annual and Quarterly Reports filed under the Exchange Act and certain other public disclosures, in connection with the Company s change in its methodology for estimating its allowance for credit losses and correction of such allowance for prior periods in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The complaints assert claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and seek damages and other relief. 
  
   36 

Further, the Company is party to, or is periodically otherwise involved in, reviews, investigations, and proceedings (both formal and informal), and information-gathering requests, by government and self-regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, the CFPB, the DOJ, the SEC, the FTC and various state regulatory agencies. Currently, such proceedings include a civil subpoena from the DOJ, under FIRREA, requesting the production of documents and communications that, among other things, relate to the underwriting and securitization of nonprime auto loans since 2007. Additionally, on October 28, 2014, the Company received a preservation letter and request for documents from the SEC requesting the preservation and production of documents and communications that, among other things, relate to the underwriting and securitization of auto loans since January 1, 2011. The Company also has received civil subpoenas from various state Attorneys General requesting similar documents and communications. The Company is complying with the requests for information and document preservation. 
  On November 4, 2015, the Company entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance (AOD) with the Office of Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the Massachusetts AG). The Massachusetts AG alleged that the Company violated the maximum permissible interest rates allowed under Massachusetts law due to the inclusion of GAP charges in the calculation of finance charges. Among other things, the AOD requires the Company, with respect to any loan that exceeded the maximum rates, to issue refunds of all finance charges paid to date and to waive all future finance charges. The AOD also requires the Company to undertake certain remedial measures, including ensuring that interest rates on its loans do not exceed maximum rates (when GAP charges are included) in the future, and provides that the Company pay   $150   to the Massachusetts AG to reimburse its costs in of implementing the AOD. 
  On February 25, 2015, the Company entered into a consent order with the DOJ, approved by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, that resolves the DOJ s claims against the Company that certain of its repossession and collection activities during the period of time between January 2008 and February 2013 violated the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (SCRA). The consent order requires the Company to pay a civil fine in the amount of   $55  , as well as at least   $9,360   to affected servicemembers consisting of   $10   per servicemember plus compensation for any lost equity (with interest) for each repossession by us, and   $5   per servicemember for each instance where the Company sought to collect repossession-related fees on accounts where a repossession was conducted by a prior account holder, as well as requires the Company to undertake certain additional remedial measures. 
  On July 31, 2015, the CFPB notified the Company that it had referred to the DOJ certain alleged violations by the Company of the ECOA regarding statistical disparities in markups charged by automobile dealers to protected groups on loans originated by those dealers and purchased by the Company and the treatment of certain types of income in the Company s underwriting process. On September 25, 2015, the DOJ notified us that it has initiated, based on the referral from the CFPB, an investigation under the ECOA of our pricing of automobile loans. 
  The Company does not believe that there are any proceedings, threatened or pending, that, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity of the Company. 

12. 
    Related-Party Transactions (As Restated) 
     Related-party transactions not otherwise disclosed in these footnotes to the condensed consolidated financial statements include the following: 
  Interest expense, including unused fees, for affiliate lines/letters of credit for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , was as follows: 

Accrued interest for affiliate lines/letters of credit at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , was as follows: 

37 

In August 2015, under a agreement with Santander, the Company began incurring a fee of   12.5 basis points   (per annum) on certain warehouse lines, as they renew, for which Santander provides a guarantee of the Company's servicing obligations. The Company recognized guarantee fee expense of   $1,578   for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016  . As of   March 31, 2016  , the Company had   $3,860   of related fees payable to Santander. 
  The Company has derivative financial instruments with Santander and affiliates with outstanding notional amounts of   $11,340,000   and   $13,739,000   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively (Note 8). The Company had a collateral overage on derivative liabilities with Santander and affiliates of   $31,619   and   $20,775   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Interest expense and mark-to-market adjustments on these agreements include amounts totaling   $10,150   and   $17,242   for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  The Company is required to permit SBNA first right to review and assess Chrysler Capital dealer lending opportunities; SBNA pays the Company a relationship management fee based upon the performance and yields of Chrysler Capital dealer loans held by SBNA. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had relationship management fees receivable from SBNA of   $525   and   $419  , respectively. The Company recognized   $1,279   and   $1,623   of relationship management fee income for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. On April 15, 2016, the relationship management fee was replaced with an origination fee and annual renewal fee for each loan. 
  All Chrysler Capital receivables from dealers, including receivables held by SBNA and by the Company, are serviced by SBNA. Servicing fee expense to SBNA for the Company's Chrysler Capital receivables from dealers totaled   $34   and   $86   for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   $36   and   $37  , respectively, of servicing fees payable to SBNA. The Company may provide advance funding for dealer loans originated by SBNA, which is reimbursed to the Company by SBNA. The Company had   no   outstanding receivable from SBNA as of   March 31, 2016   or   December 31, 2015   for such advances. 
    
  Under the agreement with SBNA, the Company may originate retail consumer loans in connection with sales of vehicles that are collateral held against floorplan loans by SBNA. Upon origination, the Company remits payment to SBNA, who settles the transaction with the dealer. The Company owed SBNA   $5,065   and   $2,737  , related to such originations, as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  The Company is amortizing a   $9,000   referral fee received in connection with the dealer lending arrangements into income over a   ten  -year period, ending on the July 1, 2022 termination date of the governing agreements. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the unamortized fee balance was   $6,525   and   $6,750  , respectively. The Company recognized   $225   of income related to the referral fee for each of the   three  -month periods ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  The Company also has agreements with SBNA to service auto retail installment contracts and recreational and marine vehicle portfolios. Servicing fee income recognized under these agreements totaled   $2,108   and   $1,944   for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Other information on the serviced auto loan and retail installment contract portfolios for SBNA as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows: 

Until May 9, 2015, the Company was party to a flow agreement with SBNA whereby SBNA had the first right to review and approve Chrysler Capital consumer vehicle lease applications. The Company could review any applications declined by SBNA for the Company s own portfolio. The Company provides servicing and received an origination fee on all leases originated under this agreement. Pursuant to the Chrysler Agreement, the Company pays FCA on behalf of SBNA for residual gains and losses on the flowed leases. The Company also services leases it sold to SBNA in 2014. Origination fee income recognized under the agreement totaled   zero   and   $5,624   for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Servicing fee income recognized on leases serviced for SBNA totaled   $1,549   and   $1,457   for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Other information on the consumer vehicle lease portfolio serviced for SBNA as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows: 
  
   38 

On June 30, 2014, the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with SBNA whereby SC indemnifies SBNA for any credit or residual losses on a pool of   $48,226   in leases originated under the flow agreement. The covered leases are non-conforming units because they did not meet SBNA s credit criteria at origination. At the time of the agreement, SC established a   $48,226   collateral account with SBNA in restricted cash that will be released over time to SBNA, in the case of losses, and SC, in the case of payments and sale proceeds. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the balance in the collateral account was   $31,598   and   $34,516  , respectively. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had a recorded liability of   $2,691   related to the residual losses covered under the agreement. 
    
  In December 2015, the Company formed a new wholly-owned subsidiary, Santander Consumer International Puerto Rico, LLC (SCI), and SCI opened deposit accounts with Banco Santander Puerto Rico, an affiliated entity. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , SCI had cash of   $4,420   and   $4,920  , respectively, on deposit with Banco Santander Puerto Rico. 
    
  During 2015, Santander Investment Securities Inc. (SIS), an affiliated entity, purchased a portion of the Class B notes of SDART 2013-3, a consolidated securitization Trust, with a principal balance of   $725   as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the unpaid note balance of the Class B notes owned by SIS was   $237   and   $510  , respectively. In addition, SIS purchased an investment of   $2,000   in the Class A3 notes of CCART 2013-A, a securitization Trust formed by the Company in 2013. Although CCART 2013-A is not a consolidated entity of the Company, the Company continues to service the assets of the associated trust. SIS also serves as co-manager on certain of the Company s securitizations. Amounts paid to SIS as co-manager for each of the   three  -month periods ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , totaled   $100  , and are accounted for as debt issuance costs in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Produban Servicios Informaticos Generales S.L., a Santander affiliate, is under contract with the Company to provide professional services, telecommunications, and internal and/or external applications. Expenses incurred, which are included as a component of other operating costs, totaled   $24   and   $102   for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  The Company is party to an MSA with a company in which it has a cost method investment and holds a warrant to increase its ownership if certain vesting conditions are satisfied. The MSA enables SC to review credit applications of retail store customers. Under terms of the MSA, the Company had net originations of personal revolving loans of   zero   and   $7,626   during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, this cost method investment was carried at a value of   zero   in the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets as it had been fully impaired. On March 24, 2016, the Company notified most of the retailers for which it reviews credit applications that it would no longer fund new originations effective April 11, 2016. 
  On July 2, 2015, the Company announced the departure of Thomas G. Dundon from his roles as Chairman of the Board and CEO of the Company, effective as of the close of business on July 2, 2015. In connection with his departure, and subject to the terms and conditions of his Employment Agreement, including Mr. Dundon's execution of a release of claims against the Company, Mr. Dundon became entitled to receive certain payments and benefits under his Employment Agreement.  
  Also in connection with his departure, Mr. Dundon entered into a Separation Agreement with the Company, DDFS LLC, SHUSA and Santander. The Separation Agreement provided, among other things, that Mr. Dundon resign as Chairman of the Board, as CEO of the Company and as an officer and/or director of any of the Company s subsidiary companies. Mr. Dundon would continue to serve as a Director of the Company's Board, and would serve as a consultant to the Company for   twelve months   from the date of the Separation Agreement at a mutually agreed rate, subject to required bank regulatory approvals. Also subject to applicable regulatory approvals and law, Mr. Dundon s outstanding stock options would remain exercisable until the third anniversary of his resignation, and subject to certain time limitations, Mr. Dundon would be permitted to exercise such options in whole, but not in part, and settle such  
  
   39 

options for a cash payment equal to the difference between the closing trading price of a share of Company common stock as of the date immediately preceding such exercise and the exercise price of such option. Mr. Dundon exercised this cash settlement option on July 2, 2015. The Separation Agreement also provided for the modification of terms for certain other equity-based awards (Note 15), subject to limitations of banking regulators and applicable law. 
  As of March 31, 2016, the Company has not made any payments to Mr. Dundon, nor recorded any liability or obligation arising from or pursuant to the terms of the Separation Agreement. If all applicable conditions are satisfied, including receipt of required regulatory approvals, the Company will be obligated to make a cash payment to Mr. Dundon of up to   $115,139  . This amount would be recorded as compensation expense in the condensed consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income in the period in which approval is obtained.  
  Also, in connection with, and pursuant to, the Separation Agreement, on July 2, 2015, Mr. Dundon, the Company, DDFS LLC, SHUSA and Santander entered into an amendment to the Shareholders Agreement (the Second Amendment). The Second Amendment amended, for purposes of calculating the price per share to be paid in the event that a put or call option was exercised with respect to the shares of Company Common Stock owned by DDFS LLC in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Shareholders Agreement, the definition of the term  Average Stock Price  to mean   $26.83  . Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, SHUSA was deemed to have delivered as of July 3, 2015 an irrevocable notice to exercise the call option with respect to all   34,598,506   shares of our Common Stock owned by DDFS and consummate the transactions contemplated by such call option notice, subject to the receipt of required bank regulatory approvals and any other approvals required by law (the  Call Transaction ). Because the Call Transaction was not consummated prior to the Call End Date, DDFS LLC is free to transfer any or all shares of Company Common Stock it owns, subject to the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2014, between DDFS LLC and Santander (the Loan Agreement). The Loan Agreement provides for a   $300,000   revolving loan which as of December 31, 2015 had an unpaid principal balance of approximately   $290,000  . Pursuant to the Loan Agreement,   29,598,506   shares of the Company s common stock owned by DDFS LLC are pledged as collateral under a related pledge agreement (the Pledge Agreement). Because the Call Transaction was completed on or before the Call End Date, interest will accrue on the price paid per share in the Call Transaction at the overnight LIBOR rate on the third business day preceding the consummation of the Call Transaction plus   100   basis points with respect to any shares of Company Common Stock ultimately sold in the Call Transaction. The Shareholder Agreement further provides that Santander may, at its option, become the direct beneficiary of the Call Option, and Santander has exercised this option. If consummated in full, DDFS LLC would receive   $928,278   plus interest that has accrued since the Call End Date. To date, the Call Transaction has not been consummated and remains subject to receipt of applicable regulatory approvals. 
  Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, if at any time the value of the Common Stock pledged under the Pledge Agreement is less than   150%   of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement, DDFS LLC has an obligation to either (a) repay a portion of such outstanding principal amount such that the value of the pledged collateral is equal to at least   200%   of the outstanding principal amount, or (b) pledge additional shares of Company Common Stock such that the value of the additional shares of Common Stock, together with the   29,598,506   shares already pledged under the Pledge Agreement, is equal to at least   200%   of the outstanding principal amount. As of the date of this proxy statement, the value of the pledged collateral is less than   150%   of aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement, and DDFS LLC has not taken any of the collateral posting actions described in clauses (a) or (b) above. If Santander declares the borrower s obligations under the Loan Agreement due and payable as a result of an event of default (including with respect to the collateral posting obligations described above), under the terms of the Loan Agreement and the Pledge Agreement, Santander s ability to rely upon the shares of Company Common Stock subject to the Pledge Agreement is, subject to certain exceptions, limited to the exercise by SHUSA and/or Santander of the right to deliver the call option notice and to consummate the Call Transaction at the price specified in the Shareholders Agreement. If the borrower fails to pay obligations under the Loan Agreement when due, including because of Santander s declaration of such obligations as due and payable as a result of an event of default, a higher default interest rate will apply to such overdue amounts. 
  In connection with, and pursuant to, the Separation Agreement, on July 2, 2015, DDFS LLC and Santander entered into an amendment to the Loan Agreement and an amendment to the Pledge Agreement that provide, among other things, that outstanding balance under the Loan Agreement shall become due and payable upon the consummation of the Call Transaction and that the amount otherwise payable to DDFS LLC under the Call Transaction shall be reduced by the amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement, including principal, interest and fees, and further that any net cash proceeds received by DDFS LLC on account of sales of Company Common Stock after the Call End Date shall be applied to the outstanding balance under the Loan Agreement. The revolving loan has a final maturity date of April 15, 2016. 

40 

During the   three   months ended March 31, 2015, the Company paid certain expenses incurred by Mr. Dundon in the operation of a private plane in which he owns a partial interest when used for SC business within the contiguous 48 states. Under this practice, payment is based on a set flight time hourly rate, and the amount of reimbursement is not subject to a maximum cap per fiscal year. For the   three   months ended March 31, 2015, the Company paid   $183   to Meregrass, Inc., the Company managing the plane's operations, with an average rate of   $5.8   per hour. 
    
  Under an agreement with Mr. Dundon, the Company is provided access to a suite at an event center that is leased by Mr. Dundon, and which the Company uses for business purposes. The Company reimburses Mr. Dundon for the use of this space on a periodic basis. 
    
  As of   March 31, 2016  , Jason Kulas, the Company's CEO, Mr. Dundon, and a Santander employee who was a member of the SC Board until the second quarter of 2015, each had a minority equity investment in a property in which the Company leases   373,000   square feet as its corporate headquarters. For the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , the Company paid   $1,576   and   $522  , respectively, in lease payments on this property. Future minimum lease payments for the   12  -year term of the lease total   $73,889  . 
    
  The Company is party to certain agreements with Bluestem whereby the Company is committed to purchase receivables originated by Bluestem for an initial term ending in April 2020 and renewable through April 2022 at Bluestem's option. Bluestem is owned by Capmark, a company in which affiliates of Centerbridge own an approximately   32%   interest. During the three months ended March 31, 2015, Centerbridge decreased its ownership in SC from approximately   1%   as of January 1, 2015, to   zero   as of March 31, 2015. Further, an individual that was a member of SC's Board until July 15, 2015, is a member of Centerbridge management and also serves on the board of directors of Capmark. During the   three   months ended   March 31, 2015  , the Company advanced    $158,229   to, and received   $277,360   in payments on, receivables originated under its agreements with the retailer. 

13. 
    Computation of Basic and Diluted Earnings per Common Share (As Restated) 
       
  Earnings per common share (EPS) is computed using the two-class method required for participating securities. Restricted stock awards are considered to be participating securities because holders of such shares have non-forfeitable dividend rights in the event of a declaration of a dividend on the Company s common shares. 
    
  The calculation of EPS excludes   1,504,790   and   1,512,091   employee stock option awards for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, as the effect of those securities would be anti-dilutive. The following table represents EPS numbers for the   three months ended     March 31, 2016   and   2015  : 

14. 
    Fair Value of Financial Instruments (As Restated) 
     Fair value measurement requires that valuation techniques maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs and also establishes a fair value hierarchy that categorizes into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value as follows: 
  
   41 

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can be accessed as of the measurement date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 
  Level 2 inputs are those other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 
  Level 3 inputs are those that are unobservable for the asset or liability and are used to measure fair value to the extent relevant observable inputs are not available. 
  Fair value estimates, methods, and assumptions are as follows: 

(a) 
    Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash     The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, is at an approximated fair value as the instruments mature within 90 days or less and bear interest at market rates. 
              (b) 
    Finance receivables held for sale, net     Finance receivables held for sale, net are comprised of retail installment contracts acquired individually and personal loans and are carried at the lower of cost or market, as determined on an aggregate basis for each type of receivable. 
                
    Retail installment contracts acquired individually         The estimated fair value is based on prices obtained in recent market transactions or expected to be obtained in the subsequent sales for similar assets. 
                
    Personal loans         The estimated fair value for personal loans held for sale is calculated based on a combination of estimated cash flows and market rates for similar loans with similar credit risks and a discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis in which the Company uses significant unobservable inputs on key assumptions, including historical default rates and adjustments to reflect prepayment rates, discount rates reflective of the cost of funding, and credit loss expectations. 
              (c) 
    Finance receivables held for investment, net     Finance receivables held for investment, net are carried at amortized cost, net of an allowance. The estimated fair value for the underlying financial instruments are determined as follows: 
                
    Retail installment contracts held for investment, net     The estimated fair value is calculated based on a DCF in which the Company uses significant unobservable inputs on key assumptions, including historical default rates and adjustments to reflect prepayment rates, expected recovery rates, discount rates reflective of the cost of funding, and credit loss expectations. 
                
    Receivables from dealers held for investment and Capital lease receivables, net     Receivables from dealers held for investment and capital lease receivables are carried at amortized cost, net of credit loss allowance and gross investments, net of unearned income and allowance for lease losses, respectively. Management believes that the terms of these credit agreements approximate market terms for similar credit agreements. 
              (d) 
    Notes payable   credit facilities     The carrying amount of notes payable related to revolving credit facilities is estimated to approximate fair value. Management believes that the terms of these credit agreements approximate market terms for similar credit agreements as the facilities are subject to short-term floating interest rates that approximate rates available to the Company.  
              (e) 
    Notes payable   secured structured financings     The estimated fair value of notes payable related to secured structured financings is calculated based on market quotes for the Company s publicly traded debt and estimated market rates currently available from recent transactions involving similar debt with similar credit risks. 
     
   42 

(f) 
    Notes payable   related party     The carrying amount of notes payable to a related party is estimated to approximate fair value as the facilities are subject to short-term floating interest rates that approximate rates available to the Company. 
     The following table presents the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy: 

(a) 
    The valuation is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including a DCF on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivative, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurement of its derivatives. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of the master netting agreement and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings and guarantees. The Company utilizes the exception in ASC 820-10-35-18D (commonly referred to as the  portfolio exception ) with respect to measuring counterparty credit risk for instruments (Note 8). 
              (b) 
    For certain retail installment contracts reported in finance receivables held for investment, net, the Company has elected the fair value option. The fair values of the retail installment contracts are estimated using a DCF model. When estimating the fair value using this model, the Company uses significant unobservable inputs on key assumptions, which includes historical default rates and adjustments to reflect prepayment rates based on available data from a comparable market securitization of similar assets, discount rates reflective of the cost of funding of debt issuance and recent historical equity yields, and recovery rates based on the average severity utilizing reported  
     
   43 

severity rates and loss severity utilizing available market data from a comparable securitized pool. Accordingly, retail installment contracts held for investment are classified as Level 3. 
  The table below presents the changes in all Level 3 balances for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and 2015:  

The following table presents the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy: 

(a) 
    Represents vehicles in repossession or lease termination status at period-end, which have been charged off against credit loss allowance at fair value. The Company estimates the fair value of its vehicles, which are obtained either through repossession or lease termination, using historical auction rates and current market levels of used car prices. 
              (b) 
    Represents the portion of the portfolio specifically impaired as of period-end. The estimated fair value for personal loans held for sale is calculated based on a combination of estimated market rates for similar loans with similar credit risks and a DCF analysis in which the Company uses significant unobservable inputs on key assumptions, including historical default rates and adjustments to reflect prepayment rates, discount rates reflective of the cost of funding, and credit loss expectations. 
              (c) 
    Represents the intangibles not subject to amortization. The estimated fair value for the trademark is calculated based on a DCF analysis in which the Company uses significant unobservable inputs on key assumptions, including originations growth, discount rate and royalty rate. 
     
   44 

(d) 
    The lower of cost or fair value adjustment for personal loans held for sale includes customer default activity and adjustments related to the net change in the portfolio balance during the reporting period. 
      
  15.    Employee Benefit Plans (As Restated) 
  SC Compensation Plan     The Company has granted stock options to certain executives, other employees, and independent directors under the 2011 Management Equity Plan (the Plan), which enabled the Company to make stock awards up to a total of approximately   29 million   common shares (net of shares canceled and forfeited), and expired on January 31, 2015. The Company has granted stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units (RSUs) under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, which was established in 2013 and enables the Company to grant awards of non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, RSUs, and other awards that may be settled in or based upon the value of the Company's common stock up to a total of   5,192,640   common shares. 
  Stock options granted have an exercise price based on the estimated fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The stock options expire   ten   years after grant date and include both time vesting options and performance vesting options. The fair value of the stock options is amortized into income over the vesting period as time and performance vesting conditions are met.  
  Compensation expense related to the   583,890   shares of restricted stock the Company has issued to certain executives is recognized over a   five  -year vesting period, with   $858   and   $604   recorded for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  A summary of the Company s stock options and related activity as of and for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   is as follows:   

In connection with compensation restrictions imposed on certain executive officers and other employees by the European Central Bank under the Capital Requirements Directive IV prudential rules, which require a portion of such officers' and employees' variable compensation to be paid in the form of equity, the Company periodically grants RSUs . Such RSUs were granted during the three months ended March 31, 2016. Under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, a portion of these RSUs vest immediately upon grant, and a portion vest annually over the following   three years  . The Company also has granted certain officers RSUs that vest over a   three  -year period, with vesting dependent on Banco Santander performance over that time. After vesting, stock obtained by employees and officers through RSUs must be held for   one year  . The Company also has granted certain directors RSUs that vest either upon the earlier of the first anniversary of grant date or the first annual meeting following the grant date. 
  On July 2, 2015, Mr. Dundon exercised a right under the Separation Agreement to settle his vested options for a cash payment. Subject to limitations of banking regulators and applicable law, Mr. Dundon s Separation Agreement also provided that his unvested stock options would vest in full and his unvested restricted stock awards would continue to vest in accordance with their terms as if he remained employed by the Company. In addition, any service-based vesting requirements that were applicable to Mr. Dundon s outstanding RSUs in respect of his 2014 annual bonus were waived, and such RSUs continue to vest and be settled in accordance with the underlying award agreement. However, because the Separation Agreement did not receive the required regulatory approvals within   60   days of Mr. Dundon s termination without cause, both the vested and unvested stock options are considered to have expired.   

16. 
    Shareholders' Equity 
     
   45 

Treasury Stock 
  The Company had   69,005   shares of treasury stock outstanding, with a cost of   $1,250   as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . These shares include   3,154   shares the Company repurchased prior to the IPO as a result of an employee leaving the Company, and   65,851   shares have been withheld to cover income taxes related to the vesting of RSUs awarded to certain executive officers. The value of the treasury stock is immaterial and included within additional paid-in capital. 
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  A summary of changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   is as follows: 

(a) 
    Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   consist of the following: 

Dividend Restrictions 
    
  The Dodd-Frank Act requires certain banks and bank holding companies, including SHUSA, to perform stress testing and submit a capital plan to the Federal Reserve on an annual basis. On March 11, 2015, the FRB informed SHUSA that, based on qualitative concerns, the FRB objected to SHUSA s capital plan pursuant to CCAR that SHUSA had previously submitted to the FRB. This objection followed the FRB's objection to the capital plan submitted the previous year, following which SHUSA entered into a written agreement with the FRB memorializing discussions under which, among other things, SHUSA is prohibited from allowing its non-wholly-owned nonbank subsidiaries, including the Company, to declare or pay any dividend, or to make any capital distribution, until such time as SHUSA has submitted to the FRB a capital plan and the FRB has issued a written non-objection to the plan, or the FRB otherwise issues its written non-objection to the proposed capital action. The Company will not pay any future dividends until such time as the FRB issues a written non-objection to a capital plan submitted by SHUSA or the FRB otherwise issues its written non-objection to the payment of a dividend by the Company. SHUSA submitted its most recent annual capital plan on April 5, 2016. 

17. 
    Investment Gains (Losses), Net (As Restated) 
     
   46 

When the Company sells individually acquired retail installment contracts, personal loans or leases, the Company recognizes a gain or loss for the difference between the cash proceeds and carrying value of the assets sold. The gain or loss is recorded in investment gains (losses), net. Lower of cost or market adjustments on the recorded investment of finance receivables held for sale are also recorded in investment gains (losses), net.  
  Investment gains (losses), net was comprised of the following for the   three months ended     March 31, 2016   and   2015  : 

The lower of cost or market adjustments for the three months ended March 31, 2016 included   $101,347   in customer default activity and favorable adjustments of   $37,134   related to net changes in the unpaid principal balance on the personal lending portfolio, which has been classified as held for sale since September 30, 2015. 
  
   47 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (  2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K/A) and in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report. Additional information, not part of this filing, about the Company is available on the Company s website at   www.santanderconsumerusa.com  . The Company s recent annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, as well as other filings with the SEC, are available free of charge through the Company s website by clicking on the  Investors  page and selecting  All SEC Filings.  The SEC s website also contains current reports, information statements, and other information regarding the Company at   www.sec.gov  . 
  Overview 
    
  Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. is the holding company for Santander Consumer USA Inc., a full-service, technology-driven consumer finance company focused on vehicle finance and third-party servicing. We are majority-owned (as of   March 31, 2016  , approximately   58.9%  ) by SHUSA, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santander. 
  The Company is managed through a single reporting segment, Consumer Finance, which includes our vehicle financial products and services, including retail installment contracts, vehicle leases, and dealer loans, as well as financial products and services related to motorcycles, RVs, and marine vehicles. It also includes our personal loan and point-of-sale financing operations. 
  Since May 1, 2013, we have been the preferred provider for FCA s consumer loans and leases and dealer loans under terms of a ten-year agreement. Business generated under terms of the Chrysler Agreement is branded as Chrysler Capital. In conjunction with the Chrysler Agreement, the Company offers a full spectrum of auto financing products and services to FCA customers and dealers under the Chrysler Capital brand. These products and services include consumer retail installment contracts and leases, as well as dealer loans for inventory, construction, real estate, working capital and revolving lines of credit. 
  Under the terms of the Chrysler Agreement, certain standards were agreed to, including SC meeting specified penetration rates that escalate over the first five years, and FCA treating SC in a manner consistent with comparable OEMs' treatment of their captive providers, primarily in regard to sales support. The failure of either party to meet its obligations under the agreement could result in the agreement being terminated. The targeted and actual penetration rates under the terms of the Chrysler Agreement are as follows: 

(a)  Program years run from May 1 to April 30. Retail and lease penetration is based on a percentage of FCA retail sales. 
  (b)  As of   March 31, 2016 
    
  The target penetration rate as of April 30, 2015 (the end of the second year of the Chrysler Agreement) was   44%  , and the target penetration rate as of April 30, 2016 is   54%  . Our actual penetration rate as of   March 31, 2016   was   27%  , due to the competitive landscape and low interest rates, causing our subvented loan offers not to be materially more attractive than other lenders' offers. While we have not achieved the target penetration rates to date, Chrysler Capital continues to be a focal point of our strategy, and we continue to work with FCA to improve penetration rates and we remain confident about the ongoing success of the Chrysler Agreement. We recently partnered with FCA to roll out two pilot programs, including a dealer rewards program and a nonprime subvention program. Since its May 1, 2013, launch, Chrysler Capital has originated   $33.0 billion   in retail loans and   $13.7 billion   in leases, and facilitated the origination of   $3.0 billion   in leases and dealer loans for an affiliate. 
  The Company also originates vehicle loans through a Web-based direct lending program, purchases vehicle retail installment contracts from other lenders, and services automobile and recreational and marine vehicle portfolios for other lenders. Additionally, the Company has several relationships through which it has provided personal loans, private-label credit cards and other consumer finance products. In October 2015, we announced our planned exit from the personal lending business, and in February 2016, we completed the sale of $869 million in loans from that platform. 
  
   48 

We have flow agreements and dedicated financing facilities in place for our Chrysler Capital business. We periodically sell consumer retail installment contracts through these flow agreements, and, when market conditions are favorable, we will access the ABS market through securitizations of consumer retail installment contracts. We also periodically enter into bulk sales of consumer vehicle leases with a third party. We typically retain servicing of loans and leases sold or securitized, and may also retain some residual risk in sales of leases. We have also entered into an agreement with the buyer of our leases whereby we will periodically sell charged-off loans. 
   
  Economic and Business Environment 
  The U.S. economy has continued its slow-paced recovery into   2016  . According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, unemployment has remained flat at   5.0%   during the three months ended   March 31, 2016  . In December 2015, the Federal Reserve raised its key interest rate by   25 basis points  , the first increase since rates bottomed out in 2008, in an effort to stimulate the economy and boost the housing market. The increase in interest rates, which had been signaled by the Federal Reserve throughout 2015, indicates that the economy continues to strengthen. The Federal Reserve has signaled that additional interest rate increases could be on the short-term horizon. New cars are selling at a pace to exceed an annualized   16 million   for   2016  . 
  The following table shows the percentage of unpaid principal balance on our retail installment contracts by state concentration. Total unpaid principal balance of retail installment contracts held for investment was   $27,903,790   and   $27,223,768   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

49 

Regulatory Matters 
  The U.S. lending industry is highly regulated under various U.S. federal laws, including the Truth-in-Lending, Equal Credit Opportunity, Fair Credit Reporting, Fair Debt Collection Practices, SCRA, and Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices, Credit CARD, Telephone Consumer Protection, FIRREA, and Gramm-Leach-Bliley Acts, as well as various state laws. We are subject to inspections, examinations, supervision, and regulation by the Commission, the CFPB, the FTC, the DOJ and by regulatory agencies in each state in which we are licensed. In addition, we are directly and indirectly, through our relationship with SHUSA, subject to certain bank regulations, including oversight by the OCC, the European Central Bank, and the Federal Reserve, which has the ability to limit certain of our activities, such as the timing and amount of dividends and certain transactions that we might otherwise desire to enter into, such as merger and acquisition opportunities, or to impose other limitations on our growth. 
  Regulation AB II 
  On August 27, 2014, the Commission unanimously voted to adopt final rules known as Regulation AB II, that, among other things, expanded disclosure requirements and modified the offering and shelf registration process. All offerings of publicly registered ABS and all reports under the Exchange Act for outstanding publicly registered ABS must comply with the new rules and disclosures on or after November 23, 2015, except asset-level disclosures. These rules affect the Company's public securitization platform. Compliance with the new rules regarding asset-level disclosures is required for all offerings of publicly registered ABS on or after November 23, 2016. 
  The Dodd-Frank Act also included risk retention requirements. In 2014, six federal agencies approve a final rule implementing these requirements. The rule generally requires sponsors of ABS to retain not less than five percent of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing the ABS issuance. The rule also sets forth prohibitions on transferring or hedging the credit risk that the sponsor is required to retain. Compliance with the risk retention rules is required with respect to offerings of ABS (other than ABS collateralized by residential mortgages) beginning December 24, 2016. 
  Additional legal and regulatory matters affecting the Company's activities are further discussed in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors of our annual report on Form 10-K/A. 
   
  How We Assess Our Business Performance 
    
  Net income, and the associated return on assets and equity, are the primary metrics by which we judge the performance of our business. Accordingly, we closely monitor the primary drivers of net income: 

Net financing income     We track the spread between the interest and finance charge income earned on our assets and the interest expense incurred on our liabilities, and continually monitor the components of our yield and our cost of funds. In addition, we monitor external rate trends, including the Treasury swap curve and spot and forward rates. 
                
    Net credit losses     We perform net credit loss analysis at the vintage level for individually acquired retail installment contracts, loans and leases, and at the pool level for purchased portfolios, enabling us to pinpoint drivers of any unusual or unexpected trends. We also monitor recovery rates, both industry-wide and our own. Additionally, because delinquencies are an early indicator of future net credit losses, we analyze delinquency trends, adjusting for seasonality, to determine whether or not our loans are performing in line with our original estimation.  
                
    Other income     The various flow agreements in connection with our Chrysler Agreement have resulted in a growing portfolio of assets serviced for others. These assets provide a steady stream of servicing income and may provide a gain or loss on sale. We monitor the size of the portfolio and average servicing fee rate and gain. Additionally, due to the classification of our personal lending portfolio as held for sale upon our decision to exit the personal lending line of business, adjustments to record this portfolio at the lower of cost or market are included in investment gains (losses), net, which is a component of Other income (losses). 
                
    Operating expenses     We assess our operational efficiency using our cost-to-managed assets ratio. We perform extensive analysis to determine whether observed fluctuations in operating expense levels indicate a trend or are the nonrecurring impact of large projects. Our operating expense analysis also includes a loan- and portfolio-level review of origination and servicing costs to assist us in assessing profitability by pool and vintage. 
       
  Because volume and portfolio size determine the magnitude of the impact of each of the above factors on our earnings, we also closely monitor origination and sales volume along with APR and discounts (including subvention and net of dealer participation). 
  
   50 

First Quarter     2016   Summary of Results 
  Key highlights of our performance in the   first quarter   of   2016   included: 
             
    Growth of   9.5%   in net finance and other interest income compared to the same quarter in   2015  ; 
                 
    Originations of   $6.8 billion  , up from   $6.2 billion   in the prior quarter and down from   $7.4 billion   originated in the same quarter in   2015  ; 
                
    Asset sales of   $1.7 billion  , a decrease from   $1.9 billion   in the prior quarter, and an increase from   $1.5 billion   in the same quarter in   2015  ; 
                
    Serviced for others portfolio of   $14.2 billion  , down from   $15.0 billion   in the prior quarter and up from   $11.2 billion   in the same period last year; 
                
    Expense ratio of   2.2%  , up from   2.0%   in the prior quarter and consistent with   2.2%   in the same quarter last year. 
     Recent Developments and Other Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
  Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements 
  As discussed further in Note 2 of the Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this Form 10-Q/A, 
  we are restating herein our unaudited quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended 
  March 31, 2016. The following discussion has been updated to reflect the effects of the restatement. 
  Personal Lending 
  As a result of the strategic evaluation of our personal lending portfolio, in the third quarter of 2015, we began reviewing strategic alternatives for exiting our personal loan portfolios. In connection with this review, on October 9, 2015, we delivered a 90-day notice of termination of our loan purchase agreement with LendingClub. On February 1, 2016, we completed the sale of substantially all of our LendingClub loans to a third-party buyer at an immaterial premium to par value. The portfolio was comprised of personal installment loans with an unpaid principal balance of   $869 million   as of the date of the sale. 
  Our other significant personal lending relationship is with Bluestem. We continue to perform in accordance with the terms and operative provisions of agreements under which we are obligated to purchase personal revolving loans originated by Bluestem for a term ending in 2020, or 2022 if extended at Bluestem's option. These and other, smaller, revolving loan portfolios are carried as held for sale in our condensed consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, we have recorded   $642 million   in lower of cost or market adjustments since inception on these portfolios, and there may be further such adjustments required in future periods' financial statements. We are currently evaluating alternatives for the Bluestem portfolio, which had a carrying value of   $1.0 billion   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  Dividend Restrictions 
  The Dodd-Frank Act requires certain banks and bank holding companies, including SHUSA, to perform stress testing and submit a capital plan to the Federal Reserve on an annual basis. On March 11, 2015, the FRB informed SHUSA that, based on qualitative concerns, the FRB objected to SHUSA s capital plan pursuant to CCAR that SHUSA had previously submitted to the FRB. This objection followed the FRB's objection to the capital plan submitted the previous year, following which SHUSA entered into a written agreement with the FRB memorializing discussions under which, among other things, SHUSA is prohibited from allowing its non-wholly-owned nonbank subsidiaries, including the Company, to declare or pay any dividend, or to make any capital distribution, until such time as SHUSA has submitted to the FRB a capital plan and the FRB has issued a written non-objection to the plan, or the FRB otherwise issues its written non-objection to the proposed capital action. The Company will not pay any future dividends until such time as the FRB issues a written non-objection to a capital plan submitted by SHUSA or the FRB otherwise issues its written non-objection to the payment of a dividend by the Company. SHUSA submitted its most recent annual capital plan on April 5, 2016. 
  
   51 

Volume 
  Our originations of individually acquired loans and leases, including net balance increases on revolving loans, average APR, and discount during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   have been as follows: 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
              (b) 
    Unpaid principal balance excluded from the weighted average FICO score is   $813 million   and   $868 million   for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, as the borrowers on these loans did not have FICO scores at origination. Of these amounts,   $198 million   and   $169 million  , respectively, were commercial loans. 
              (c) 
    This amount represents LendingClub loans originated prior to the expiration of the notice period in January 2016. Because volume on revolving personal loans is reported based on the net balance increase, and the net balance of revolving loans declined during the three months ended   March 31, 2016  , no other net originations are shown for Personal loans for this period. 
              (d) 
    Unpaid principal balance excluded from the weighted average FICO score is   $97 million   and   $76 million   for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, as the borrowers on these loans did not have FICO scores at origination. 

52 

Our asset sales for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

The unpaid principal balance, average APR, and remaining unaccreted discount of our held for investment portfolio as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are as follows: 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
      We record interest income from individually acquired retail installment contracts, personal loans and receivables from dealers in accordance with the terms of the loans, generally discontinuing and reversing accrued income once a loan becomes more than 60 days past due, except in the case of revolving personal loans, for which we continue to accrue interest until charge-off, in the month in which the loan becomes 180 days past due, and receivables from dealers, for which we continue to accrue interest until the loan becomes more than 90 days past due. Receivables from dealers and term personal loans generally are not acquired at a discount. We amortize discounts, subvention payments from manufacturers, and origination costs as adjustments to income from individually acquired retail installment contracts using the effective yield method. We amortize the discount, if applicable, on revolving personal loans straight-line over the estimated period over which the receivables are expected to be outstanding. 
  For individually acquired retail installment contracts, personal loans, capital leases, and receivables from dealers, we also establish a credit loss allowance. We estimate probable losses based on contractual delinquency status, historical loss experience, expected recovery rates from sale of repossessed collateral, bankruptcy trends, and general economic conditions such as unemployment rates. For loans within these portfolios that are classified as TDRs, impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate. 
  
   53 

We classify most of our vehicle leases as operating leases. The net capitalized cost of each lease is recorded as an asset, which is depreciated straight-line over the contractual term of the lease to the expected residual value. Lease payments due from customers are recorded as income until and unless a customer becomes more than 60 days delinquent, at which time the accrual of revenue is discontinued and reversed. The accrual is resumed and reinstated if a delinquent account subsequently becomes 60 days or less past due. Subvention payments from the manufacturer, down payments from the customer, and initial direct costs incurred in connection with originating the lease are amortized straight-line over the contractual term of the lease. 
  Historically, our primary means of acquiring retail installment contracts has been through individual acquisitions immediately after origination by a dealer. We also periodically purchase pools of receivables and had significant volumes of these purchases during the credit crisis. While we continue to pursue such opportunities when available, we did not purchase any pools during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  . All of the retail installment contracts acquired during these periods were acquired individually. For our existing purchased receivables portfolios, which were acquired at a discount partially attributable to credit deterioration since origination, we estimate the expected yield on each portfolio at acquisition and record monthly accretion income based on this expectation. We periodically re-evaluate performance expectations and may increase the accretion rate if a pool is performing better than expected. If a pool is performing worse than expected, we are required to continue to record accretion income at the previously established rate and to record impairment to account for the worsening performance. 
  
   54 

Selected Financial Data 

55 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
       
           (1) 
    Includes finance and other interest income; excludes fees 
              (2) 
     Yield on earning assets  is defined as the ratio of annualized Total finance and other interest income, net of Leased vehicle expense, to Average gross finance receivables, loans and leases 
              (3) 
     Cost of debt  is defined as the ratio of annualized Interest expense to Average debt 
              (4) 
     Net interest margin  is defined as the ratio of annualized Net finance and other interest income to Average gross finance receivables, loans and leases 
     
   56 

(5) 
    "Expense ratio" is defined as the ratio of annualized Operating expenses to Average managed assets 
              (6) 
     Return on average assets  is defined as the ratio of annualized Net income to Average total assets 
              (7) 
     Return on average equity  is defined as the ratio of annualized Net income to Average total equity 
              (8) 
     Net charge-off ratio  is defined as the ratio of annualized Charge-offs on a recorded investment basis, net of recoveries, to average unpaid principal balance of the respective portfolio. 
              (9) 
     Delinquency ratio  is defined as the ratio of End of period Delinquent principal over 60 days to End of period gross balance of the respective portfolio, excludes capital leases 
              (10) 
     Tangible common equity to tangible assets  is defined as the ratio of Total equity, excluding Goodwill and intangible assets, to Total assets, excluding Goodwill and intangible assets. Our Board utilizes this non-GAAP financial measure to assess and monitor the adequacy of our capitalization. This additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the numbers prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures used by other financial institutions. A reconciliation from GAAP to this non-GAAP measure for the periods ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015   is as follows: 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
       
           (11) 
     Common stock dividend payout ratio  is defined as the ratio of Dividends declared per share of common stock to Earnings per share. 
              (12) 
     Allowance ratio  is defined as the ratio of Allowance for credit losses, which excludes impairment on purchased receivables portfolios, to End of period assets covered by allowance for credit losses. 
              (13) 
    "Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio" is a non-GAAP ratio defined as the ratio of Total common equity tier 1 capital to Total risk-weighted assets. The ratio was not reported prior to 2015 as it was implemented with the Basel III regulatory framework in 2015. 
     The following table presents an analysis of net yield on interest earning assets: 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 

57 

58 

Results of Operations 
  The following table presents our results of operations for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  : 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
     
   59 

Three   Months Ended   March 31, 2016   Compared to   Three   Months Ended   March 31, 2015   (As Restated) 
  Interest on Finance Receivables and Loans 

Income from individually acquired retail installment contracts   increased     $115 million  , or   11%  , from the   first   quarter of   2015   to the   first   quarter of   2016  , consistent with the   12%   growth in the average outstanding balance of our portfolio of these contracts. 
  Income from purchased receivables portfolios   decreased     $7 million  , or   24%  , from the   first   quarter of   2015   to the   first   quarter of   2016   due to the continued runoff of the portfolios, as we have made no portfolio acquisitions since 2012. The average balance of the portfolios decreased from   $766 million   in the   first   quarter of   2015   to   $337 million   in the   first   quarter of   2016  . 
  Income from personal loans   decreased     $14 million  , or   13%  , from the   first   quarter of   2015   to the   first   quarter of   2016  , less than the 19% decrease in the average outstanding portfolio, as the sale of the LendingClub loans in February 2016 left only the higher-yielding revolving loan portfolio. 
  Leased Vehicle Income and Expense 

Leased vehicle income and expense   increased   significantly from prior year due to the continual growth in the portfolio since we launched Chrysler Capital in 2013. Revenue has increased by more than expense due to an increase in money factor rates as well as higher acquisition fees. 
  Interest Expense 

Interest expense on notes payable   increased     $41 million  , or   32%  , from the   first   quarter of   2015   to the   first   quarter of   2016  , more than the   8%   growth in average debt outstanding, due to a higher cost of funds in the current year period. The increased cost of funds is attributable to higher market rates and wider spreads on our third-party debt, and new guarantee fees and higher unused commitment fees on our related party debt. 

60 

Provision for Credit Losses 

Provision for credit losses on our individually acquired retail installment contracts   increased     $130 million  , or   24%  , from the   first   quarter of   2015   to the   first   quarter of   2016  , primarily due to a   $196 million   increase in charge-offs. The increase in net charge-offs is primarily attributable to portfolio growth (  $45 million  ), portfolio aging and mix shift (  $67 million  ), lower realized recovery rates (  $53 million  ), and smaller benefit from bankruptcy sales (  $26 million  ). This increase was partially offset by a smaller build of the provision for credit losses primarily due to lower originations during   first quarter     2016   as compared to   first quarter     2015  . 
  Change in incremental increase (decrease) in impairment related to purchased receivables portfolios resulted from the release of less impairment on purchased receivables as the portfolios continued to run off. 
  Provision for credit losses on personal loans   decreased   from   $98 million   in the   first quarter   of   2015   to   zero   in the   first quarter   of   2016   due to the reclassification of this portfolio from held for investment to held for sale in the third quarter of 2015. We now recognize customer defaults and other lower of cost or market adjustments on this portfolio through investment gains (losses), net. 
  In early 2015 we ceased originations in the primary program that gave rise to our capital lease portfolio, and provisions for credit losses on this portfolio have decreased as the portfolio liquidates. 
  Profit Sharing 

Profit sharing consists of revenue sharing related to the Chrysler Agreement and profit sharing on personal loans originated pursuant to our agreements with Bluestem. Profit sharing with Bluestem   decreased   in the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to amendments to the agreement governing the profit sharing calculation, including an increase in the percentage of profit retained by the Company. This effect was partially offset by an increase in Chrysler Capital revenue sharing due to continued growth in the portfolio as well as an increase in the revenue sharing rate. 
  
   61 

Other Income 

Investment gains (losses), net changed from net gains of   $22 million   for the   first quarter   of   2015   to net losses of   $69 million   for the   first quarter   of   2016  , primarily due to current year lower of cost or market adjustments of   $64 million   on our personal loan portfolio, which was reclassified to held for sale in the third quarter of 2015. Additionally, we had less favorable gains on loan and lease sales of   $20 million   due to pricing changes and a non-recurring bulk lease sale in   first quarter     2015  . 
  We record servicing fee income on loans that we service but do not own and do not report on our balance sheet. Servicing fee income   increased     $20 million  , or   79%  , from the   first quarter   of   2015   to the   first quarter   of   2016  , as we continued to grow our serviced portfolio through asset sales. Our serviced for others portfolio as of   March 31, 2016   and   2015   was as follows: 

The growth in servicing fee income exceeded the growth in the serviced for others portfolio due to the greater proportion of lower credit quality, higher servicing fee assets in the portfolio in the current year, the result of the sale in late 2015 of residual interests in aged securitizations. 
  Total Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses   increased     $42 million  , or   17%  , from the   first quarter   of   2015   to the   first quarter   of   2016  . Compensation expense increased   $19 million  , or   19%  , in   first quarter     2016   as compared to the same period in prior year, primarily due to an increase in average headcount of   15%  . Repossession expense increased   $15 million  , or   25%  , from the   first quarter   of   2015   to the   first quarter   of   2016  , primarily due to a   17%   increase in number of repossessions related to portfolio growth. Other operating costs increased   $8 million  , or   9%  , from the   first quarter   of   2015   to the   first quarter   of   2016  , primarily due to a $12 million increase in professional and consulting services.  
  
   62 

Income Tax Expense 

Our effective tax rate   increased   from   33.6%   in the   first quarter   of   2015   to   36.7%   in the   first quarter   of   2016  , primarily due to favorable discrete book to tax differences recognized during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2015  . 
  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

The change in unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   as compared to the   three   months ended   March 31, 2015   was primarily driven by more unfavorable interest rate movements in the first   three   months of   2016   than in the first   three   months of   2015  . 
  
   63 

Credit Quality 
  Finance Receivables 
  Nonprime loans comprise   84%   of our portfolio as of   March 31, 2016  . We record an allowance for credit losses on our individually acquired retail installment contracts and other loans and receivables held for investment. The Company's held for investment portfolio of retail installment contracts acquired individually, receivables from dealers, and personal loans was comprised of the following at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
              (b) 
    As of   March 31, 2016   substantially all of the Company's personal loans were classified as held for sale. 

For retail installment contracts we acquired in pools at a discount due to credit deterioration subsequent to their origination, we anticipate the expected credit losses at purchase and record income thereafter based on the expected effective yield, recording impairment if performance is worse than expected at purchase. The balances of these purchased receivables portfolios were as follows at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 

64 

In early 2015, we increased our origination volume of loans to borrowers with limited credit experience, such as those with less than 36 months of credit history or less than four trade lines. For these borrowers, many of whom do not have a FICO      score, other factors such as the LexisNexis risk view score, loan-to-value ratio, and payment-to-income ratio are utilized to assign an internal credit score. Our risk-based pricing methodology generally captures these credit bureau attributes in establishing a risk-appropriate annual percentage rate at the time of origination. Origination volume of loans with less than four trade lines and less than 36 months of credit history was   $944 million   for the three months ended   March 31, 2016  . Remaining unpaid principal balance of these loans was   $5.2 billion   and   $4.8 billion   as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Our credit loss allowance forecasting models are not calibrated for this higher concentration of loans with limited bureau information and, accordingly, as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we recorded a qualitative adjustment of   $193 million   and   $149 million  , respectively, increasing the allowance ratio on individually acquired retail installment contracts by   0.7%   and   0.6%   of unpaid principal balance, respectively. This adjustment was necessary to increase the estimated credit loss allowance for additional charge offs expected on this portfolio, based on the loss performance information available to date, which evidences higher losses in the first months after origination for these loans in comparison to loans with standard bureau attributes. This qualitative adjustment was informed by the deteriorating loss trends of these loans over a subsequent twelve-month forecast horizon. Under assumed scenarios if losses from such loans were to increase by   10%   and   20%  , the allowance for credit losses as of   March 31, 2016   would increase by approximately   $140 million   and   $279 million  , respectively. 
  A summary of the credit risk profile of our consumer loans by FICO  score, number of trade lines, and length of credit history, each as determined at origination, as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was as follows (dollar amounts in billions, totals may not foot due to rounding): 

Delinquency 
  An account is considered delinquent if a substantial portion of a scheduled payment has not been received by the date such payment was contractually due. Delinquencies may vary from period to period based upon the average age or seasoning of the  
  
   65 

portfolio, seasonality within the calendar year, and economic factors. Historically, our delinquencies have been highest in the period from November through January due to consumers  holiday spending. 
  The following is a summary of delinquencies on our retail installment contracts held for investment as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

(a) 
    Percent of unpaid principal balance. 
     All of our receivables from dealers were current as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
  Credit Loss Experience 
  The following is a summary of our net losses and repossession activity on our finance receivables held for investment for the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  . 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
     (1)     As of   March 31, 2016  , substantially all of the Company's personal loans were classified as held for sale. 
           (2) 
    Repossessions are net of redemptions. The number of repossessions includes repossessions from the outstanding portfolio and from accounts already charged off. 
     (3)    Annualized; not necessarily indicative of a full year's actual results. 
  We have had no charge-offs on our receivables from dealers. 
  Deferrals and Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  In accordance with our policies and guidelines, we, at times, offer extensions (deferrals) to consumers on our retail installment contracts, whereby the consumer is allowed to move a maximum of three payments per event to the end of the loan. Over 90% of deferrals granted are for two months. Our policies and guidelines limit the frequency of each new deferral that may be granted to one deferral every six months, regardless of the length of any prior deferral. The maximum number of lifetime months extended for all automobile retail installment contracts is eight, while some marine and recreational vehicle contracts have a maximum of twelve months extended to reflect their longer term. Additionally, we generally limit the granting of deferrals on new accounts until a requisite number of payments has been received. During the deferral period, we continue to accrue and collect interest on the loan in accordance with the terms of the deferral agreement. 
  
   66 

At the time a deferral is granted, all delinquent amounts may be deferred or paid, resulting in the classification of the loan as current and therefore not considered a delinquent account. Thereafter, such account is aged based on the timely payment of future installments in the same manner as any other account. 
  The following is a summary of deferrals on our retail installment contracts held for investment as of the dates indicated: 

We evaluate the results of our deferral strategies based upon the amount of cash installments that are collected on accounts after they have been deferred versus the extent to which the collateral underlying the deferred accounts has depreciated over the same period of time. Based on this evaluation, we believe that payment deferrals granted according to our policies and guidelines are an effective portfolio management technique and result in higher ultimate cash collections from the portfolio. 
    
  Changes in deferral levels do not have a direct impact on the ultimate amount of consumer finance receivables charged off by us. However, the timing of a charge-off may be affected if the previously deferred account ultimately results in a charge-off. To the extent that deferrals impact the ultimate timing of when an account is charged off, historical charge-off ratios, loss confirmation periods, and cash flow forecasts for loans classified as TDRs used in the determination of the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses are also impacted. Increased use of deferrals may result in a lengthening of the loss confirmation period, which would increase expectations of credit losses inherent in the portfolio and therefore increase the allowance for credit losses and related provision for credit losses. Changes in these ratios and periods are considered in determining the appropriate level of allowance for credit losses and related provision for credit losses, including the allowance and provision for loans that are not classified as TDRs. For loans that are classified as TDRs, the present value of expected cash flows is compared to the outstanding recorded investment of our TDRs to determine the amount of TDR impairment and related provision for credit losses that should be recorded. 
  We also may agree, or be required by operation of law or by a bankruptcy court, to grant a modification involving one or a combination of the following: a reduction in interest rate, a reduction in loan principal balance, a temporary reduction of monthly payment, or an extension of the maturity date. The servicer of our revolving personal loans also may grant modifications in the form of principal or interest rate reductions or payment plans. Similar to deferrals, we believe modifications are an effective portfolio management technique. Not all modifications are classified as TDRs as the loan may not meet the scope of the applicable guidance or the modification may have been granted for a reason other than the borrower's financial difficulties. The following is a summary of the principal balance as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   of loans that have received these modifications and concessions: 

A summary of our recorded investment in TDRs as of the dates indicated is as follows: 
  
   67 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
     A summary of the principal balance on our delinquent TDRs as of the dates indicated is as follows: 

As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we did not have any dealer loans classified as TDRs and had not granted deferrals or modifications on any of these loans. 
    
  The following table summarizes the cumulative changes in the outstanding recorded investment in retail installment contract TDRs during the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016   and   2015  : 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
     For loans not classified as TDRs, the Company generally estimates an appropriate allowance for credit losses based on delinquency status, the Company s historical loss experience, estimated values of underlying collateral, and various economic factors. Once a loan has been classified as a TDR, it is assessed for impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate considering all available evidence. Due to this key distinction in allowance calculations, the coverage ratio is higher for TDRs in comparison to non-TDRs. The table below presents the Company s allowance ratio for TDR and non-TDR individually acquired retail installment contracts as of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 
  
   68 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
       
  The allowance ratio for non-TDR retail installment contracts increased from   8.2%   in 2015 to   8.5%   in 2016. This increase was primarily driven by the change in the product mix where a higher percentage of lower credit quality loans were covered by the allowance. Additionally, the portfolio at March 31, 2016 had a higher proportion of loans to borrowers with limited credit experience, driving a qualitative adjustment increasing the allowance as of that date. For the same reasons, our total allowance ratio on retail installment contracts increased from   11.9%   at December 31, 2015 to   12.0%   at March 31, 2016. 
   
  Liquidity Management, Funding and Capital Resources 
  We require a significant amount of liquidity to originate and acquire loans and leases and to service debt. We fund our operations through our lending relationships with   13   third-party banks, SHUSA and Santander, as well as through securitization in the ABS market and large flow agreements. We seek to issue debt that appropriately matches the cash flows of the assets that we originate. We have over   $4.6 billion   of stockholders  equity that supports our access to the securitization markets, credit facilities, and flow agreements. 
  During the   three   months ended   March 31, 2016  , we completed on-balance sheet funding transactions totaling approximately   $2.6 billion  , including: 
             
    a securitization on our SDART platform for   $1.0 billion  ; 
                
    a securitization on our deeper subprime DRIVE platform, for   $639 million  ; 
                
    a private amortizing lease facility totaling   $500 million  ; and 
                
    a top-up of a private amortizing lease facility totaling   $500 million  . 
     We also completed   $1.7 billion   in asset sales, which consists of   $860 million   of recurring monthly sales with our third party flow partners, and the sale of LendingClub assets of   $869 million   to an unrelated third party. 
  As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our debt consisted of the following: 

69 

Credit Facilities 
  Third-party Revolving Credit Facilities 
  Warehouse Lines 
  We use warehouse lines to fund our originations. Each line specifies the required collateral characteristics, collateral concentrations, credit enhancement, and advance rates. Our warehouse lines generally are backed by auto retail installment contracts and, in some cases, leases or personal loans. These credit lines generally have one- or two-year commitments, staggered maturities and floating interest rates. We maintain daily funding forecasts for originations, acquisitions, and other large outflows such as tax payments in order to balance the desire to minimize funding costs with our liquidity needs. 
  Our warehouse lines generally have net spread, delinquency, and net loss ratio limits. Generally, these limits are calculated based on the portfolio collateralizing the respective line; however, for certain of our warehouse lines, delinquency and net loss ratios are calculated with respect to our serviced portfolio as a whole. Failure to meet any of these covenants could trigger increased overcollateralization requirements or, in the case of limits calculated with respect to the specific portfolio underlying certain credit lines, result in an event of default under these agreements. If an event of default occurs under one of these agreements, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the impacted agreement to be immediately due and payable, enforce their interests against collateral pledged under the agreement, restrict our ability to obtain additional borrowings under the agreement, and/or remove us as servicer. We have never had a warehouse line terminated due to failure to comply with any ratio or a failure to meet any covenant. A default under one of these agreements can be enforced only with respect to the impacted warehouse line. 
  We have two credit facilities with eight banks providing an aggregate commitment of   $4.2 billion   for the exclusive use of providing short-term liquidity needs to support Chrysler Capital retail financing. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there was an outstanding balance of   $3.3 billion   and   $2.9 billion  , respectively. One of the facilities can be used exclusively for loan financing and the other for lease financing. Both facilities require reduced advance rates in the event of delinquency, credit loss, or residual loss ratios exceeding specified thresholds. 
  Repurchase Facility 
  We also obtain financing through an investment management agreement with BlackRock whereby we pledge retained subordinate bonds on our own securitizations as collateral for repurchase agreements with various borrowers and at renewable terms ranging up to 180 days. As of   March 31, 2016  , there was an outstanding balance of   $1.1 billion   under the BlackRock repurchase facility. In April 2016, the Company entered into a similar repurchase agreement with another third party under which we advanced   $237 million  . 
  Lines of Credit with Santander and Related Subsidiaries 
  Santander historically has provided, and continues to provide, our business with significant funding support in the form of committed credit facilities. Through its New York branch, Santander provides us with   $3 billion   of long-term committed revolving credit facilities. SHUSA provides us with an additional   $1.8 billion   of committed revolving credit,   $300 million   of which is collateralized by residuals retained on our own securitizations and   $1.5 billion   of which is unsecured. As part of our strategy to reduce our reliance on borrowings under funding commitments from Santander and SHUSA, we have reduced our outstanding balances under these facilities during 2015. As of   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   the Company had borrowed   $2.8 billion   and   $2.6 billion  , respectively, under the lines of credit with Santander and SHUSA. 
  The facilities offered through the New York branch are structured as three- and five-year floating rate facilities, with current maturity dates of December 31, 2016 and 2018. These facilities currently permit unsecured borrowing but generally are collateralized by retail installment contracts as well as securitization notes payables and residuals by the Company. Any secured balances outstanding under the facilities at the time of their maturity will amortize to match the maturities and expected cash flows of the corresponding collateral. 
  Until March 4, 2016, when the facilities offered through the New York branch were lowered to   $3.0 billion  , the commitments from the branch totaled   $4.5 billion  . There was an average outstanding balance of   $2.5 billion   and   $3.8 billion   under these facilities during the   three months ended     March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The maximum outstanding balance during each period was   $2.9 billion   and   $4.1 billion  , respectively. 
  Until March 4, 2016, when the SHUSA commitments were increased to   $1.8 billion  , the commitment from SHUSA consisted of one   $300 million   facility. There was an average outstanding balance of   $300 million   under this facility during the   three  
  
   70 

months ended     March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively; the maximum outstanding balance during each of those periods was   $300 million  . The Company did not draw on the new   $1.5 billion   facility during the first quarter of 2016. 
  We also have derivative financial instruments with Santander and affiliates as counterparty with outstanding notional amounts of   $11.3 billion   and   $13.7 billion   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The Company had a collateral overage on derivative liabilities with Santander and affiliates of   $32 million   and   $21 million   at   March 31, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Interest expense on these agreements includes amounts totaling   $10 million   and   $17 million  , for the   three months ended     March 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  In August 2015, under a new agreement with Santander, the Company agreed to begin paying Santander a fee of   12.5 basis points   (per annum) on certain warehouse facilities, as they renew, for which Santander provides a guarantee of the Company's servicing obligations. For revolving commitments, the guarantee fee will be paid on the total committed amount and for amortizing commitments, the guarantee fee will be paid against each month's ending balance. The guarantee fee will be applicable only for additional facilities upon the execution of the counter-guaranty agreement related to a new facility or if reaffirmation is required on existing revolving or amortizing commitments as evidenced by an executed counter-guaranty agreement. The Company recognized guarantee fee expense of   $1.6 million   for the   three months ended     March 31, 2016  . 
  Secured Structured Financings 
  Our secured structured financings primarily consist of public, SEC-registered securitizations. We also execute private securitizations under Rule 144A of the Securities Act and privately issue amortizing notes. 
  We obtain long-term funding for our receivables through securitization in the ABS market. ABS provides an attractive source of funding due to the cost efficiency of the market, a large and deep investor base, and tenors that appropriately match the cash flows of the debt to the cash flows of the underlying assets. The term structure of a securitization generally locks in fixed rate funding for the life of the underlying fixed rate assets, and the matching amortization of the assets and liabilities provides committed funding for the collateralized loans throughout their terms. In certain cases, we may choose to issue floating rate securities based on market conditions; in such cases, we generally execute hedging arrangements outside of the Trust to lock in our cost of funds. Because of prevailing market rates, we did not issue ABS transactions in 2008 and 2009, but we began issuing ABS again in 2010. We have been the largest issuer of retail auto ABS since 2011, and have issued a total of over   $48 billion   in retail auto ABS since 2010. 
  We execute each securitization transaction by selling receivables to securitization Trusts that issue ABS to investors. In order to attain specified credit ratings for each class of bonds, these securitization transactions have credit enhancement requirements in the form of subordination, restricted cash accounts, excess cash flow, and overcollateralization, whereby more receivables are transferred to the Trusts than the amount of ABS issued by the Trusts. 
  Excess cash flows result from the difference between the finance and interest income received from the obligors on the receivables and the interest paid to the ABS investors, net of credit losses and expenses. Initially, excess cash flows generated by the Trusts are used to pay down outstanding debt in the Trusts, increasing overcollateralization until the targeted percentage level of assets has been reached. Once the targeted percentage level of overcollateralization is reached and maintained, excess cash flows generated by the Trusts are released to us as distributions from the Trusts. We also receive monthly servicing fees as servicer for the Trusts. Our securitizations may require an increase in credit enhancement levels if cumulative net losses exceed a specified percentage of the pool balance. None of our securitizations have cumulative net loss percentages above their respective limits. 
  Our on-balance sheet securitization transactions utilize bankruptcy-remote special purpose entities, which are considered variable interest entities, that meet the requirements to be consolidated in our financial statements. Following a securitization, the finance receivables and the notes payable related to the securitized retail installment contracts remain on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. We recognize finance and interest income and fee income, as well as provision for credit losses, on the collateralized retail installment contracts, and interest expense on the ABS issued. While these Trusts are consolidated in our financial statements, these Trusts are separate legal entities; thus, the finance receivables and other assets sold to these Trusts are legally owned by these Trusts, are available only to satisfy the notes payable related to the securitized retail installment contracts, and are not available to our creditors or our other subsidiaries. 
  ABS credit spreads have been widening, beginning in the second half of 2015 and continuing into 2016. Highly liquid, frequent issuers with public shelf registrations, such as the Company, have remained active in the market while smaller, newer market entrants have experienced significant spread widening. We have completed three securitizations year-to-date in   2016  . We currently have   38   securitizations outstanding in the market with a cumulative ABS balance of approximately   $15.7 billion  . Our  
  
   71 

securitizations generally have several classes of notes, with principal paid sequentially based on seniority and any excess spread distributed to the residual holder. We generally retain the lowest bond class and the residual, except in the case of off-balance sheet securitizations, which are described further below. We use the proceeds from securitization transactions to repay borrowings outstanding under our credit facilities, originate and acquire loans and leases, and for general corporate purposes. We generally exercise clean-up call options on our securitizations when the collateral pool balance reaches 10% of its original balance. 
  We also periodically privately issue amortizing notes, in transactions that are structured similarly to our public and Rule 144A securitizations but are issued to banks and conduits. Our securitizations and private issuances are collateralized by vehicle retail installment contracts, loans and leases. 
  Flow Agreements 
    
  In addition to our credit facilities and secured structured financings, we have flow agreements in place with Bank of America and CBP for Chrysler Capital retail installment contracts, and with another third party for charged off assets. 
  In order to manage our balance sheet and provide funding for our originations, we have entered into flow agreements under which we will sell, or otherwise source to third parties, loans and leases on a periodic basis. These loans and leases are not on our balance sheet but provide a stable stream of servicing fee income and may also provide a gain or loss on sale. We continue to actively seek additional such flow agreements. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Financing 
  We periodically execute Chrysler Capital-branded securitizations under Rule 144A of the Securities Act. Historically, as all of the notes and residual interests in these securitizations were issued to third parties, we recorded these transactions as true sales of the retail installment contracts securitized, and removed the sold assets from our condensed consolidated balance sheets. In April 2016 we executed a Chrysler Capital securitization for which we have not sold the residual and as a result have retained the associated assets and bonds on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
  In 2015, we sold our residual interests in certain aged securitization Trusts, resulting in the deconsolidation of the assets and liabilities of the Trusts. 
  The widening in ABS credit spreads in late 2015 and into 2016 has been accompanied by decreased demand for the subordinate tranches of securitizations, including the highest-yielding bonds as well as the residual interests. This market dynamic may impact the Company's execution and pricing of off-balance sheet securitizations. 
   
  Cash Flow Comparison 
  We have produced positive net cash from operating activities every year since 2003. Our investing activities primarily consist of originations and acquisitions of finance receivables and leased vehicles. Our financing activities primarily consist of borrowing and repayments of debt. 

(a) 
    Certain previously reported amounts have been restated to correct for various financial statement errors. See Footnote 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
     Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
  Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by   $578 million   for the three months ended   March 31, 2015   to the three months ended   March 31, 2016  , primarily due to the nonrecurrence of large net tax refunds totaling $388 million received in the prior year period, and $129 million in net originations and advances on the portion of the revolving personal loan portfolio that was originated as held for sale. 
  Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
  
   72 

Net cash used in investing activities decreased by   $1.4 billion   from the three months ended   March 31, 2015   to the three months ended   March 31, 2016  , primarily due to: 
             
    a $1.2 billion decrease in outflows for originations of finance receivables held for investment, as the Company reduced retail installment contract originations, classified more of its current year retail installment contract production as held for sale than in the prior year period, and originated effectively no LendingClub loans in the current year due to the termination of the flow agreement; 
                
    the current period LendingClub sale, which included $824 million of loans that had been classified as held for investment upon origination; 
                
    a $171 million swing in net advances and paydowns on the portion of the revolving personal loan portfolio that was originated as held for investment; 
                
    a decrease of $362 million in the change in restricted cash; and 
                
    $110 million higher manufacturer incentives received. 
     These decreases in net outflows were partly offset by: 
             
    a $487 million increase in retained lease originations due to the termination of the SBNA flow agreement;  
                
    prior year period sales of $407 million in retail installment contracts that had been classified as held for investment upon origination, versus no such sales in the current period; 
                
    $291 million lower proceeds from sale of leased vehicles, due to the nonrecurrence of the bulk sale executed in the prior year period, and 
                
    a $96 million cash outflow upon exercise of the clean-up call option for an off-balance sheet securitization. 
     Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
  Net cash provided by financing activities decreased by   $777 million   from the three months ended   March 31, 2015   to the three months ended   March 31, 2016  , primarily due to lower net proceeds from borrowings. 
   
  Contingencies and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  For information regarding the Company's contingencies and off-balance sheet arrangements, refer to Note 11 -   Commitments and Contingencies   in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Contractual Obligations 
  We lease our headquarters in Dallas, Texas, our servicing centers in Texas, Colorado, Arizona, and Puerto Rico, and an operations facility in California under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through 2026. Other than described herein, there have been no material modifications to our contractual obligations since   December 31, 2015  . For additional information on our contractual obligations, refer to our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 
   
  Risk Management Framework 
    
  Our risk management framework is overseen by our board of directors, our RC, our management committees, our executive management team, an independent risk management function, an internal audit function and all of our associates. The RC, along with our full board of directors, is responsible for establishing the governance over the risk management process, providing oversight in managing the aggregate risk position and reporting on the comprehensive portfolio of risk categories and the potential impact these risks can have on our risk profile. Our primary risks include, but are not limited to, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and model risk. For more information regarding our risk management framework, please refer to the Risk Management Framework section of our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 
    
  Credit Risk 
    
  The risk inherent in our loan and lease portfolios is driven by credit quality and is affected by borrower-specific and economy-wide factors such as changes in employment. We manage this risk through our underwriting and credit approval guidelines and servicing policies and practices, as well as geographic and manufacturer concentration limits. 
  Our automated originations process reflects a disciplined approach to credit risk management. Our robust historical data on both organically originated and acquired loans provides us with the ability to perform advanced loss forecasting. Each applicant  
  
   73 

is automatically assigned a proprietary LFS using information such as FICO     , debt-to-income ratio, loan-to-value ratio, and over 30 other predictive factors, placing the applicant in one of 100 pricing tiers. The pricing in each tier is continuously monitored and adjusted to reflect market and risk trends. In addition to our automated process, we maintain a team of underwriters for manual review, consideration of exceptions, and review of deal structures with dealers. We generally tighten our underwriting requirements in times of greater economic uncertainty (including during the recent financial crisis) to compete in the market at loss and approval rates acceptable for meeting our required returns. We also have adjusted our underwriting standards to meet the requirements of our contracts such as the Chrysler Agreement. In both cases, we have accomplished this by adjusting our risk-based pricing, the material components of which include interest rate, down payment, and loan-to-value. 
  We monitor early payment defaults and other potential indicators of dealer or customer fraud, and use the monitoring results to identify dealers who will be subject to more extensive stipulations when presenting customer applications, as well as dealers with whom we will not do business at all. 
  Market Risk 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  We measure and monitor interest rate risk on a monthly basis. We borrow money from a variety of market participants in order to provide loans and leases to our customers. Our gross interest rate spread, which is the different between the income we earn through the interest and finance charges on our finance receivables and lease contracts and the interest we pay on our funding, will be negatively affected if the expense incurred on our borrowings increases at a fast pace than the income generated by our assets. 
  Our Interest Rate Risk policy is designed to measure, monitor and manage the potential volatility in earnings stemming from changes in interest rates. We generate finance receivables which are predominantly fixed rate and borrow with a mix of fixed and variable rate funding. To the extent that our asset and liability re-pricing characteristics are not effectively matched, we may utilize interest rate derivatives, such as interest rate swap agreements, to manage to our desired outcome. As of   March 31, 2016  , the notional value of our interest rate hedges was   $12.1 billion  . 
  We monitor our interest rate exposure by conducting interest rate sensitivity analysis. For purposes of reflecting a possible impact to earnings, we measure the twelve-month net interest income impact of an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel shift in prevailing interest rates. As of   March 31, 2016  , the twelve-month impact of a 100 basis point parallel increase in the interest rate curve would decrease our net interest income by $  56 million  . In addition to the sensitivity analysis on net interest income, we also measure Market Value of Equity (MVE) to view our interest rate risk position. MVE measures the change in value of Balance Sheet instruments in response to an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase, including and beyond the net interest income twelve-month horizon. As of   March 31, 2016  , the impact of a 100 basis point parallel increase in the interest rate curve would decrease our MVE by $  107 million  . 
  Collateral Risk 
  Our lease portfolio presents an inherent risk that residual values recognized upon lease termination will be lower than those used to price the contracts at inception. Although we have elected not to purchase residual value insurance at the present time, our residual risk is somewhat mitigated by our residual risk-sharing agreement with FCA. We also utilize industry data, including the ALG benchmark for residual values, and employ a team of individuals experienced in forecasting residual values.     
  Similarly, lower used vehicle prices also reduce the amount we can recover when remarketing repossessed vehicles that serve as collateral underlying loans. We manage this risk through loan-to-value limits on originations, monitoring of new and used vehicle values using standard industry guides, and active, targeted management of the repossession process. 
  We do not currently have material exposure to currency fluctuations or inflation. 
  Liquidity Risk 
  We view liquidity as integral to other key elements such as capital adequacy, asset quality and profitability. Because our debt is nearly entirely serviced by collections on consumer receivables, our primary liquidity risk relates to the ability to fund originations. We have a robust liquidity policy in place to manage this risk. The liquidity policy establishes the following guidelines: 
             
    that we maintain at least   eight   external credit providers (as of   March 31, 2016  , we had   thirteen  ); 
     
   74 

that we rely on Santander and affiliates for no more than   30%   of our funding (as of   March 31, 2016  , Santander and affiliates provided   9%   of our funding); 
                
    that no single lender's commitment should comprise more than   33%   of the overall committed external lines (as of   March 31, 2016  , the highest single lender's commitment was   21%  ); 
                
    that no more than   35%   of our debt mature in the next six months and no more than   65%   of our debt mature in the next twelve months (as of   March 31, 2016  ,   5%   and   16%  , respectively, of our debt is scheduled to mature in these timeframes); and 
                
    that we maintain unused capacity of at least   $6.0 billion  , including flow agreements, in excess of our expected peak usage over the following twelve months (as of   March 31, 2016  , we had twelve-month rolling unused capacity of   $5.5 billion  ). 
     Our liquidity policy also requires that our Asset Liability Committee monitor many indicators, both market-wide and company-specific, to determine if action may be necessary to maintain our liquidity position. Our liquidity management tools include daily, monthly and twelve-month rolling cash requirements forecasts, monthly funding usage and availability reports, daily sources and uses reporting, structural liquidity risk exercises, and the establishment of liquidity contingency plans. We also perform quarterly stress tests in which we forecast the impact of various negative scenarios (alone and in combination), including reduced credit availability, higher funding costs, lower advance rates, lower customer interest rates, lower dealer discount rates, and higher credit losses. 
  We generally look for funding first from structured secured financings, second from third-party credit facilities, and last from Santander. We believe this strategy helps us avoid being overly reliant on Santander for funding. Additionally, we can reduce originations to significantly lower levels if necessary during times of limited liquidity. 
  We have established a qualified like-kind exchange program in order to defer tax liability on gains on sale of vehicle assets at lease termination. If we do not meet the safe harbor requirements of IRS Revenue Procedure 2003-39, we may be subject to large, unexpected tax liabilities, thereby generating immediate liquidity needs. We believe that our compliance monitoring policies and procedures are adequate to enable us to remain in compliance with the program requirements. 
  Operational Risk 
  We are exposed to loss that occurs in the process of carrying out our business activities. These relate to failures arising from inadequate or failed processes, failures in our people or systems, or from external events. Our operational risk management program encompasses risk event reporting, analysis, and remediation; key risk indicator monitoring; and risk profile assessments. It also includes unit, system, regression, load, performance and user acceptance testing for our IT programs. 
  To mitigate operational risk in regards to servicing practices, we maintain an extensive compliance, internal control, and monitoring framework, which includes the gathering of corporate control performance threshold indicators, Sarbanes-Oxley testing, monthly quality control tests, ongoing monitoring of compliance with all applicable regulations, internal control documentation and review of processes, and internal audits. We also utilize internal and external legal counsel for expertise when needed. All associates upon hire and annually receive comprehensive mandatory regulatory compliance training. In addition, the Board receives annual regulatory and compliance training. We use industry-leading call mining and other software solutions that assist us in analyzing potential breaches of regulatory requirements and customer service. Our call mining software analyzes all customer service calls, converting speech to text and mining for specific words and phrases that may indicate inappropriate comments by a representative. The software also detects escalated voice volume, enabling a supervisor to intervene if necessary. This tool enables us to effectively manage and identify training opportunities for associates, as well as track and resolve customer complaints through a robust quality assurance program. 
  Model Risk 
  We mitigate model risk through a robust model validation process, which includes committee governance and a series of tests and controls. We utilize SHUSA's Model Risk Management group for all model validation to verify models are performing as expected and in line with their design objectives and business uses. 
   
  Other Information 
  Further information on risk factors can be found under Part II, Item 1A -  Risk Factors.    

75 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Incorporated by reference from Part I, Item 2 -  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations   Risk Management Framework  above. 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d- 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of March 31, 2016, we did not maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. We previously identified and reported material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting in our December 31, 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. Notwithstanding these material weaknesses, based on the additional analysis and other post-closing procedures performed, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial position, results of operations, capital position, and cash flows for the periods presented, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). 
    
  A material weakness (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have identified the following material weaknesses: 
    
  Control Environment, Risk Assessment, Control Activities and Monitoring  
    
  We did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting related to the following areas: control environment, risk assessment, control activities and monitoring: 

Management did not effectively execute a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting. 
                
    The tone at the top was insufficient to ensure there were adequate mechanisms and oversight to ensure accountability for the performance of internal control over financial reporting responsibilities and to ensure corrective actions were appropriately prioritized and implemented in a timely manner.  
                
    There was not adequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP. 
                
    There was not an adequate assessment of changes in risks by management that could significantly impact internal control over financial reporting or an adequate determination and prioritization of how those risks should be managed.  
                
    There was not adequate management oversight and identification of models material to financial reporting. 
                
    There were insufficiently documented Company accounting policies and insufficiently detailed Company procedures to put policies into effective action. 
                
    There was a lack of appropriate tone at the top in establishing an effective control owner risk and controls self-assessment process which contributed to a lack of clarity about ownership of risks assessments and control design and effectiveness. There was insufficient governance, oversight and monitoring of the credit loss allowance and accretion processes and a lack of defined roles and responsibilities in monitoring functions.   
       
  Application of Effective Interest Method for Accretion 
    
  The Company s policies and controls related to the methodology used for applying the effective interest rate method in accordance with GAAP, specifically as it relates the review of key assumptions over prepayment curves, pool segmentation and presentation in financial statements either were not designed appropriately or failed to operate effectively. Additionally the resources dedicated to the reviews were not sufficient to identify all relevant instances of non-compliance with policies and GAAP and did not sufficiently review supporting methodologies and practices to identify variances from the Company s policy and GAAP. 

76 

The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP, and insufficiently documented Company accounting policies and insufficiently detailed Company procedures to put policies into effective action which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  This resulted in errors in the Company s application of the effective interest method for accreting discounts, which include discounts upon origination of the loan, subvention payments from manufacturers, and other origination costs on individually acquired retail installment contracts.  
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: finance receivables held for investment, net, finance receivables held for sale, net, interest on finance receivables and loans, provision for credit losses, investment gains and losses, net, and the related disclosures within Note 3 - Finance Receivables, Note 5 - Credit Loss Allowance and Credit Quality and Note 17 - Investment Gains (Losses), Net. 
    
  Methodology to Estimate Credit Loss Allowance  
    
  The Company s policies and controls related to the methodology used for estimating the credit loss allowance in accordance with GAAP, specifically as it relates to the calculation of impairment for troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) separately from the general allowance on loans not classified as TDRs and the consideration of net discounts when estimating the allowance either were not designed appropriately or failed to operate effectively. Additionally the resources dedicated to the reviews were not sufficient to identify all relevant instances of non-compliance with policies and GAAP and did not sufficiently review supporting methodologies and practices to identify variances from the Company s policy and GAAP.  
    
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP, and insufficiently documented Company accounting policies and insufficiently detailed Company procedures to put policies into effective action which contributed to this material weakness.  
    
  This resulted in errors in the Company s methodology for determining the credit loss allowance, specifically not calculating impairment for TDRs separately from a general allowance on loans not classified as TDRs and inappropriately omitting the consideration of net discounts when estimating the allowance and recording charge-offs. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: the credit loss allowance, provision for credit losses, and the related disclosures within Note 3 - Finance Receivables and Note 5 - Credit Loss Allowance and Credit Quality. 
    
     Loans Modified as TDRs 
  The following controls over the identification of TDRs and inputs used to estimate TDR impairment did not operate effectively: 

Review controls of the TDR footnote disclosures and supporting information did not effectively identify that parameters used to query the loan data were incorrect. 
                
    A review of inputs used to estimate the expected and present value of cash flows of loans modified in TDRs did not identify errors in types of cash flows included and in the assumed timing and amount of defaults and did not identify that the discount rate was incorrect. 
       
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP,  and insufficiently documented Company accounting policies and insufficiently detailed Company procedures to put policies into effective action, as well as ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  As a result, management determined that it had incorrectly identified the population of loans that should be classified as TDRs and, separately, had incorrectly estimated the impairment on these loans due to model input errors. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: the credit loss allowance and provision for credit losses, specifically for TDR loans, and the related disclosures within Note 3 - Finance Receivables and Note 5 - Credit Loss Allowance and Credit Quality. 
  
   77 

Development, Approval, and Monitoring of Models Used to Estimate the Credit Loss Allowance 
    
  Various deficiencies were identified in the credit loss allowance process related to review, monitoring and approval processes over models and model changes that aggregated to a material weakness. The following controls did not operate effectively: 

Review controls over data, inputs and assumptions in models used for estimating credit loss allowance and related model changes were not effective and management did not adequately challenge significant assumptions. 
                
    Review and approval controls over the development of new models to estimate credit loss allowance and related model changes were ineffective. 
                
    Adequate and comprehensive performance monitoring over related model output results was not performed and we did not maintain adequate model documentation. 
       
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to  inadequate assessment of changes in risks by management that could significantly impact internal control over financial reporting or determination and prioritization of how those risks should be managed and ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: the credit loss allowance, provision for credit losses, and the related disclosures within Note 3 - Finance Receivables and Note 5 - Credit Loss Allowance and Credit Quality. 
    
  Development, Approval, and Monitoring of Models Used to Estimate Accretion 
    
  Various deficiencies were identified in the accretion process related to review, monitoring and approval processes over models and model changes that aggregated to a material weakness. The following controls did not operate effectively: 

Review controls over data, inputs and assumptions in models used for estimating accretion and related model changes were not effective and management did not adequately challenge significant assumptions. 
                
    Review and approval controls over the development of new models to estimate accretion and related model changes were ineffective. 
                
    Adequate and comprehensive performance monitoring over related model output results was not performed and we did not maintain adequate model documentation. 
       
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to  inadequate assessment of changes in risks by management that could significantly impact internal control over financial reporting or determination and prioritization of how those risks should be managed and inadequate management oversight and identification of models material to financial reporting as well as ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: finance receivables held for investment, net, finance receivables held for sale, net, interest on finance receivables and loans, provision for credit losses, investment gains and losses, net, and the related disclosures within Note 3 - Finance Receivables, Note 5 - Credit Loss Allowance and Credit Quality and Note 17 - Investment Gains (Losses), Net. 
    
  Review of New, Unusual or Significant Transactions 
    
  Management identified an error in the accounting treatment of certain transactions related to separation agreements with the former Chairman of the Board and CEO of the Company. Specifically, controls over the review of new, unusual or significant transactions related to application of the appropriate accounting and tax treatment to this transaction in accordance with GAAP did not operate effectively in that management failed to detect as part of the review procedures that regulatory approval was prerequisite to recording the transaction and that approval had not been obtained prior to recording the transaction and therefore should have not been recorded.  
    
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP,  and ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level  
  
   78 

of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: compensation expense, other liabilities, deferred tax liabilities, net, and additional paid in capital and the related disclosures within Note 16 - Shareholders' Equity. 
    
  Review of Financial Statement Disclosures 
    
  Management identified errors relating to financial statement disclosures. Specifically, the Company's controls over both the preparation and review of financial statement disclosures did not operate effectively to ensure complete, accurate, and proper presentation of the financial statement disclosures in accordance with GAAP. 
    
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP,  and ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  This material weakness relates to various disclosures in the financial statements. 
    
  Statement of Cash Flows 
    
  Management identified an error in connection with the preparation and review of the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ("SCF"). Specifically, controls over the review of the impact of significant and unusual transactions on the classification and presentation of the SCF did not operate effectively, which led to the misclassification of cash flows between operating activities and investing activities in the preliminary June 30, 2015 SCF for certain proceeds from loan sales. The misclassification was corrected prior to the issuance of our June 30, 2015 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and had no impact to previously issued interim or annual financial statements of the Company. 
    
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP,  and ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness.  
    
  Remediation Status of Reported Material Weaknesses 
    
  We are currently working to remediate the material weaknesses described above, including assessing the need for additional remediation steps and implementing additional measures to remediate the underlying causes that gave rise to the material weaknesses. 
    
  The following remediation steps are among the measures currently being implemented by the Company: 

The Company has begun efforts to hire additional personnel with the requisite skillsets in certain areas important to financial reporting.  
                
    The Company has established regular working group meetings, with appropriate oversight by management of both the Company and its parent to strengthen accountability for performance of internal control over financial reporting responsibilities and prioritization of corrective actions. 
                
    In conjunction with previously developing new credit loss allowance models and refining our loss forecasting methodology to be in compliance with GAAP, the Company also is enhancing its accounting documentation relating to credit loss allowance, to demonstrate how the Company s policies and procedures align with GAAP and produce a repeatable process.   
                
    Management is also in the process of performing a comprehensive review of current accounting practices to ensure compliance with the Company s accounting policies and GAAP, and to ensure sufficient specificity in procedures. Additionally, management will implement a recurring review by a team of qualified individuals.  
                
    Processes to identify, track, and report TDRs, that take into account changes to TDRs and new modification types, were enhanced and are being documented. 
     
   79 

A formal and comprehensive ongoing performance monitoring plan related to credit loss allowance with specific details around the monitoring activities performed to allow for repeatable and consistent testing is being developed. This plan is intended to be consistent with the Company s overarching model risk management policy and provide a consistent methodology for measuring performance across all models. 
                
    Management is ensuring that all models significant to financial reporting are subject to appropriate validation, documentation, and procedures. 
                
    Model documentation is being developed, or in some cases, enhanced to address model documentation gaps related to credit loss allowance and accretion models.  
                
    A framework and documentation is being developed to outline model security attributes/procedures for models related to credit loss allowance and models are being placed in an environment where access is restricted to authorized personnel and an audit trail is retained.   
                
    The Company is enhancing its Material Risk Program and Assessment and documentation. 
       
  While progress has been made to enhance processes, procedures and controls related to these areas, we are still in the process of developing and implementing these processes and procedures and testing these controls and believe additional time is required to complete development and implementation, and to demonstrate the sustainability of these procedures. We believe our remedial actions will be effective in remediating the material weaknesses and we will continue to devote significant time and attention to these remedial efforts. However, the material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until the applicable remedial processes and procedures have been in place for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. Accordingly, the material weaknesses are not remediated at March 31, 2016. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the first quarter ended March 31, 2016 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
    
  In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

80 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 
   
                 Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

Periodically, the Company is party to, or otherwise involved in, various lawsuits and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. 
  On August 26, 2014, a purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York, captioned   Steck v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. et al.  , No. 1:14-cv-06942 (the Deka Lawsuit). On October 6, 2014, another purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the District Court of Dallas County, State of Texas, captioned   Kumar v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings, et al  ., No. DC-14-11783, which was subsequently removed to the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas, and re-captioned   Kumar v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings, et al.  , No. 3:14-CV-3746 (the Kumar Lawsuit). 
  Both the Deka Lawsuit and the Kumar Lawsuit were brought against the Company, certain of its current and former directors and executive officers and certain institutions that served as underwriters in the Company's IPO on behalf of a class consisting of those who purchased or otherwise acquired our securities between January 23, 2014 and June 12, 2014. In February 2015, the Kumar Lawsuit was voluntarily dismissed with prejudice. In June 2015, the venue of the Deka Lawsuit was transferred to the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas. In September 2015, the court granted a motion to appoint lead plaintiffs and lead counsel, and the Deka Lawsuit is now captioned   Deka Investment GmbH et al. v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. et al.  , No. 3:15-cv-2129-K. 
  The amended class action complaint in the Deka Lawsuit alleges that our Registration Statement and Prospectus and certain subsequent public disclosures contained misleading statements concerning the Company s ability to pay dividends and the adequacy of the Company s compliance systems and oversight. The amended complaint asserts claims under Sections 11, 12(a) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and seeks damages and other relief. On December 18, 2015, the Company and the individual defendants moved to dismiss the amended class action complaint. 
  On October 15, 2015, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, captioned   Feldman v. Jason A. Kulas, et al  ., C.A. No. 11614 (the Feldman Lawsuit). The Feldman Lawsuit names as defendants current and former members of the Company s Board, and names the Company as a nominal defendant. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the current and former director defendants breached their fiduciary duties in connection with overseeing the Company s subprime auto lending practices, resulting in harm to the Company. The complaint seeks unspecified damages and equitable relief. On December 29, 2015, the Feldman Lawsuit was stayed pending the resolution of the Deka Lawsuit. 
  On March 18, 2016, a purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas, captioned   Parmelee v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. et al.  , No. 3:16-cv-783 (the Parmelee Lawsuit). On April 4, 2016, another purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas, captioned   Benson     v. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. et al.  , No. 3:16-cv-919 (the Benson Lawsuit). Both the Parmelee Lawsuit and the Benson Lawsuit were filed against the Company and certain of its current and former directors and executive officers on behalf of a class consisting of all those who purchased or otherwise acquired our securities between February 3, 2015 and March 15, 2016. The complaints in the Parmelee Lawsuit and Benson Lawsuit allege that the Company made false or misleading statements, as well as failed to disclose material adverse facts, in prior Annual and Quarterly Reports filed under the Exchange Act and certain other public disclosures, in connection with the Company s change in its methodology for estimating its allowance for credit losses and correction of such allowance for prior periods in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The complaints assert claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and seek damages and other relief. 
  Further, the Company is party to, or is periodically otherwise involved in, reviews, investigations, and proceedings (both formal and informal), and information-gathering requests, by government and self-regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, the CFPB, the DOJ, the SEC, the FTC and various state regulatory agencies. Currently, such proceedings include a civil subpoena from the DOJ, under FIRREA, requesting the production of documents and communications that, among other things, relate to the underwriting and securitization of nonprime auto loans since 2007. Additionally, on October 28, 2014, the Company received a preservation letter and request for documents from the SEC requesting the preservation and production of documents and communications that, among other things, relate to the underwriting and securitization of auto loans since January 1, 2011. The Company also has received civil subpoenas from various state Attorneys General requesting similar documents and communications. The Company is complying with the requests for information and document preservation. 
  
   81 

On November 4, 2015, the Company entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance (AOD) with the Office of Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the Massachusetts AG). The Massachusetts AG alleged that the Company violated the maximum permissible interest rates allowed under Massachusetts law due to the inclusion of GAP charges in the calculation of finance charges. Among other things, the AOD requires the Company, with respect to any loan that exceeded the maximum rates, to issue refunds of all finance charges paid to date and to waive all future finance charges. The AOD also requires the Company to undertake certain remedial measures, including ensuring that interest rates on its loans do not exceed maximum rates (when GAP charges are included) in the future, and provides that the Company pay $150,000 to the Massachusetts AG to reimburse its costs in of implementing the AOD. 
  On February 25, 2015, the Company entered into a consent order with the DOJ, approved by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, that resolves the DOJ s claims against the Company that certain of its repossession and collection activities during the period of time between January 2008 and February 2013 violated the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (SCRA). The consent order requires the Company to pay a civil fine in the amount of $55,000, as well as at least $9.4 million to affected servicemembers consisting of $10,000 per servicemember plus compensation for any lost equity (with interest) for each repossession by us, and $5,000 per servicemember for each instance where we sought to collect repossession-related fees on accounts where a repossession was conducted by a prior account holder, as well as requires the Company to undertake certain additional remedial measures. 
  On July 31, 2015, the CFPB notified the Company that it had referred to the DOJ certain alleged violations by the Company of the ECOA regarding statistical disparities in markups charged by automobile dealers to protected groups on loans originated by those dealers and purchased by the Company and the treatment of certain types of income in the Company s underwriting process. On September 25, 2015, the DOJ notified us that it has initiated, based on the referral from the CFPB, an investigation under the ECOA of our pricing of automobile loans. 
  The Company does not believe that there are any proceedings, threatened or pending, that, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity of the Company. 
   
                 Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors. 

There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
   
                 Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

There were no unregistered sales of the Company s common stock during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A.  
   
                 Item 3. 
    Defaults upon Senior Securities 

None. 
   
                 Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 
   
                 Item 5. 
    Other Information 

Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act 
       
  Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with individuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. 
    
  The Company does not have any activities, transactions, or dealings with Iran or Syria that require disclosure. The following activities are disclosed in response to Section 13(r) with respect to affiliates of the Company through its relationship with Santander. During the period covered by this quarterly report: 

82 

Santander UK holds two frozen savings accounts and two frozen current accounts for three customers resident in the UK who are currently designated by the US under the Specially Designated Global Terrorist (SDGT) sanctions program. The accounts held by each customer were blocked after the customer s designation and have remained blocked and dormant through the first quarter of 2016. Revenue and net profits generated by Santander UK on these accounts in the first quarter of 2016 were negligible relative to the overall revenue and net profits of Santander. 

An Iranian national, resident in the UK, who is currently designated by the US under the Iranian Financial Sanctions Regulations (IFSR) and the Non-Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction (NPWMD) designation, holds a mortgage with Santander UK that was issued prior to such designation. No further drawdown has been made (or would be allowed) under this mortgage although we continue to receive repayment installments. In the first quarter of 2016, total revenue generated by Santander UK in connection with the mortgage was  201 while net profits were negligible relative to the overall profits of Santander. Santander UK does not intend to enter into any new relationships with this customer, and any disbursements will only be made in accordance with applicable sanctions. The same Iranian national also holds two investment accounts with Santander ISA Managers Limited. The funds within both accounts are invested in the same portfolio fund. The accounts have remained frozen during the first quarter of 2016. The investment returns are being automatically reinvested, and no disbursements have been made to the customer. Total revenue and net profits generated by Santander UK in connection with the investment accounts were negligible relative to the overall revenue and net profits of Santander. 

A UK national, designated by the US under the SDGT sanctions program, holds a Santander UK current account. The account remained in arrears through the first quarter of 2016 (currently by  1,344) and is currently being managed by the Santander UK Collections   Recoveries department. 

During the first quarter of 2016, Santander UK has identified an OFAC match on a power of attorney account. The power of attorney listed on the account is currently designated by the US under the SDGT   IFSR sanctions program. During the first quarter of 2016, revenue generated by Santander UK was  74 while net profits were negligible relative to the overall profits of Santander. 
       
  Santander also has certain legacy performance guarantees for the benefit of Bank Sepah and Bank Mellat (stand-by letters of credit to guarantee the obligations - either under tender documents or under contracting agreements - of contractors who participated in public bids in Iran) that were in place prior to April 27, 2007. However, should any of the contractors default in their obligations under the public bids, Santander would need prior approval from the Spanish Government  to pay any amounts due to Bank Sepah or Bank Mellat pursuant to Council Regulation (EU) No. 2015/1861. 
    
  In the aggregate, all of the transactions described above resulted in approximately  284 gross revenues in the first quarter of 2016, while net profits were negligible relative to the overall profits of Santander. Santander has undertaken significant steps to withdraw from the Iranian market such as closing its representative office in Iran and ceasing all banking activities therein, including correspondent relationships, deposit-taking from Iranian entities and issuing export letters of credit, except for the legacy transactions described above. Santander is not contractually permitted to cancel these arrangements without either (i) paying the guaranteed amount - which payment would be subject to prior approval (in the case of the performance guarantees), or (ii) forfeiting the outstanding amounts due to it (in the case of the export credits). As such, Santander intends to continue to provide the guarantees and hold these assets in accordance with company policy and applicable laws. 
  
   83 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 

The following exhibits are included herein: 

* 
    Furnished herewith. 

84 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. 
  (Registrant) 

By: 
      
    /s/ Jason A. Kulas 

Name:  Jason A. Kulas 

Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
    
                       Signature 
      
    Title 
      
    Date 
        
  /s/ Jason A. Kulas 
      
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
      
    October 27, 2016 
      Jason A. Kulas 
      
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ismail Dawood 

Chief Financial Officer 
      
    October 27, 2016 
      Ismail Dawood 
      
    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

85 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 restatement-exhibit311q120.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBITS 
  Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Jason A. Kulas, President and Chief Executive Officer of Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc., certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be 
     designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in 
  which this report is being prepared; 
    
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Jason A. Kulas                                                     
  Name: Jason A. Kulas 
  Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
    
  October 27, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 restatement-exhibit312q120.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Ismail Dawood, Chief Financial Officer of Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc., certify that: 
    
  1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc.; 
    
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be 
  designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in 
  which this report is being prepared; 
    
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Ismail Dawood                                                                 
  Name: Ismail Dawood 
  Title: Chief Financial Officer 
    
  October 27, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 restatement-exhibit321q120.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended March 31, 2016 of Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jason A. Kulas, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  /s/ Jason A. Kulas                                                     
  Name: Jason A. Kulas 
  Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
    
  October 27, 2016    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 restatement-exhibit322q120.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended March 31, 2016 of Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ismail Dawood, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  /s/ Ismail Dawood                                                                 
  Name: Ismail Dawood 
  Title: Chief Financial Officer 
    
  October 27, 2016    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 sc-20160331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sc-20160331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sc-20160331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sc-20160331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sc-20160331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sc-20160331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

