<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1300734_0001144204-16-134327_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5153288</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99010</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>346273</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1327404</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2297051</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>980452</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>75</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134327.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114172138
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134327
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SHINECO, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001300734
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		IRS NUMBER:				522175898
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37776
		FILM NUMBER:		161995956

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2ND FLOOR, WANYUAN BUSINESS CENTER
		STREET 2:		10 N HONGDA ROAD, DAXING DISTRICT
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 10-87227366

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2ND FLOOR, WANYUAN BUSINESS CENTER
		STREET 2:		10 N HONGDA ROAD, DAXING DISTRICT
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPCOR, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Supcor, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SupCor, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040817

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134327.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452748_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

or 

SHINECO, INC.    
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware   
       52-2175898    

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or 
         organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)   

Room 1001, Building T5, DaZu Square,  

Daxing District, Beijing  
          People s Republic of China   
       100176    
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
      (Zip Code)   

(+86) 10-87227366    
 
      (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   

N/A    
 
      (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), Yes      No     

 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Sec. 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes      No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check
one): 

Large Accelerated Filer         
      Accelerated Filer                           

Non-accelerated filer             
      Smaller reporting company          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).   Yes       No     

As of November 11, 2016, the
registrant had 21,034,072 shares of common stock outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page 
         Number   

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
      2   

Item 1.  
        Financial Statements    
      2   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)    
      2   

Condensed Consolidated
    Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited)    
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)    
      4   

Notes
    to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    
      5   

Item 2.  
        Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
      23   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     34  

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
       34  

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION    
      35   

Item 1.  
        Legal Proceedings    
      35   

Item 1A.  
        Risk Factors    
      35   

Item 2.  
        Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
      35   

Item 3.  
        Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
      35   

Item 4.  
        Mine Safety Disclosures    
      35   

Item 5.  
        Other Information    
      35   

Item 6.  
        Exhibits    
      35   

SIGNATURES    
      36   

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This document contains certain statements
of a forward-looking nature. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about our plans, objectives,
expectations, assumptions or future events. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  anticipate, 
 estimate,   plan,   project,   continuing,   ongoing,   expect, 
 we believe,   we intend,   may,   should,   will,   could 
and similar expressions denoting uncertainty or an action that may, will or is expected to occur in the future. These statements
involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.  

Examples of forward-looking statements
include:  

the timing of the development of future products;    

projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items;    

statements of our plans and objectives, including those that relate to our proposed expansions and the effect such expansions may have on our revenues;    

statements regarding the capabilities of our business operations;    

statements of expected future economic performance;    

statements regarding competition in our market; and    

assumptions underlying statements regarding us or our business.    

The ultimate correctness of these forward-looking
statements depends upon a number of known and unknown risks and events. We discuss our known material risks under the heading  Risk
Factors  in our Registration Statement on Form S-1. Many factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from
those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Consequently, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements.  

The forward-looking statements speak
only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination
of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Nonetheless,
the Company reserves the right to make such updates from time to time by press release, periodic report or other method of public
disclosure without the need for specific reference to this Report. No such update shall be deemed to indicate that other statements
not addressed by such update is incorrect or create an obligation to provide any other updates.  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM
1.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

SHINECO, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements 

SHINECO, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements 

SHINECO, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS  

Shineco, Inc. ( Shineco  or
the  Company ) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on August 20, 1997. The Company is a holding company whose
primary purpose is to develop business opportunities in the People s Republic of China ( PRC  or  China ). 

On December 30, 2004, the Company acquired
all of the issued and outstanding shares of Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Corp., Ltd. ( Tenet-Jove ),
a PRC company, in exchange for restricted shares of the Company s common stock, and the sole operating business of the Company
became that of its subsidiary, Tenet-Jove. Tenet-Jove was incorporated on December 15, 2003 under the laws of China. Consequently,
Tenet-Jove became a 100% owned subsidiary of Shineco and was officially granted the status of a Wholly Foreign-Owned Entity ( WFOE )
by Chinese authority on July 14, 2006. This transaction was accounted for as a recapitalization. Tenet-Jove owns 90% interest of
Tianjin Tenet Huatai Technological Development Co., Ltd. ( Tenet Huatai ). 

On December 31, 2008, June 11, 2011 and
May 24, 2012, respectively, Tenet-Jove entered into a series of contractual agreements with the owners of Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical
(Group) Co., Ltd. ( Ankang Longevity Group ), each of Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd ( Zhisheng
Freight ), Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd ( Zhisheng Trade ), Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng
Agricultural Produce Cooperative ( Zhisheng Agricultural ) and Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services., Ltd
( Qingdao Zhihesheng ). On February 24, 2014, Tenet-Jove also subsequently entered into the same series of contractual
agreements with ShinecoZhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd ( Zhisheng Bio-Tech ), which is a new company incorporated
in 2014. Zhisheng Bio-Tech, Zhisheng Freight, Zhisheng Trade, Zhisheng Agricultural, and Qingdao Zhihesheng are collectively referred
to herein as  Zhisheng Group . These agreements include an Executive Business Cooperation Agreement; Timely Reporting
Agreements; Equity Interest Pledge Agreement and Executive Option Agreement. 

Pursuant to the above agreements, Tenet-Jove
has the exclusive right to provide to Zhisheng Group and Ankang Longevity Group consulting services related to business operations
and management. All the above contractual agreements obligate Tenet-Jove to absorb a majority of the risk of loss from Zhisheng
Group and Ankang Longevity Group s activities and entitle Tenet-Jove to receive a majority of their residual returns. In
essence, Tenet-Jove has gained effective control over Zhisheng Group and Ankang Longevity Group. Therefore, the Company believes
that Zhisheng Group and Ankang Longevity Group should be considered as Variable Interest Entities ( VIEs ) under the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810  Consolidation .
Accordingly, the accounts of these entities are consolidated with those of Tenet-Jove. 

Since Shineco is effectively controlled
by the majority shareholders of Zhisheng Group and Ankang Longevity Group. Shineco owns 100% equity interest of Tenet-Jove. Accordingly,
Shineco, Tenet-Jove, and its VIEs, Zhisheng Group and Ankang Longevity Group are effectively controlled by the same majority shareholders.
Therefore, Shineco, Tenet-Jove and its VIEs are considered under common control. The consolidation of Tenet-Jove and its VIEs into
Shineco has been accounted for at historical cost and prepared on the basis as if the aforementioned exclusive contractual agreements
between Tenet-Jove and its VIEs had become effective as of the beginning of the first period presented in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. 

The Company, its subsidiaries, its VIEs
and its VIEs  subsidiaries (collectively the  Group ) operate three main business segments: 1) Tenet-Jove is
engaged in planting, manufacturing and selling of Bluish Dogbane and related products, also known in Chinese as  Luobuma ,
including therapeutic clothing and textile products made from Luobuma; 2) Zhisheng Group is engaged in the business of planting,
processing and distributing of green agricultural produce as well as providing domestic and international logistic services for
agricultural products ( Agricultural Products ); 3) Ankang Longevity Group develops and manufactures traditional Chinese
herbal medicinal products as well as other retail pharmaceutical products. These different business activities and products can
potentially be integrated and benefit from one and other. 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation   

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( US GAAP ) for interim financial information pursuant to the rules of the SEC and have been consistently applied.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation
have been included. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results of a full year. These financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, which was filed on September 28, 2016. 

The unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements of the Company reflect the principal activities of the Company, its subsidiaries, its VIEs
and its VIEs  subsidiaries. The non-controlling interest represents the minority shareholders  interest in the
Company s majority owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated .  

Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities   

VIEs are generally entities that lack
sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties or whose equity holders lack
adequate decision making ability. All VIEs with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary beneficiary
of the risks and rewards of the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the VIE for financial reporting purposes. 

The carrying amount of the VIEs and their subsidiaries 
consolidated assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Non-controlling Interests   

US GAAP requires that non-controlling
interests in subsidiaries and affiliates be reported in the equity section of a company s balance sheet. In addition, the
amounts attributable to the net income (loss) of those subsidiaries are reported separately in the unaudited condensed consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). 

Risks and Uncertainties   

The operations of the Company are located in the PRC. Accordingly,
the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic, and
legal environments in the PRC, as well as by the general state of the PRC economy. The Company s operations in the PRC are
subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe.
These include risks associated with, among other factors, the political, economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange.
The Company s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political, regulatory and social conditions in the PRC,
and by changes in governmental policies or interpretations with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency
conversion, remittances abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. Although the Company has not experienced
losses from these situations and believes that it is in compliance with existing laws and regulations, this may not be indicative
of future results. 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Members of the current management team
own controlling interests in the Company and are also the owners of the VIEs in the PRC. The Company only controls the VIEs
through contractual arrangements which obligate it to absorb the risk of loss and to receive the residual expected returns. As
such, the controlling shareholders of the Company and the VIEs could cancel these agreements or permit them to expire at the end
of the agreement terms, as a result of which the Company would not retain control of the VIEs. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates required to be made
by management include, but are not limited to, useful lives of property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets, the recoverability
of long-lived assets and the valuation of accounts receivable,  accrued expenses, taxes payable and inventory
reserve. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company recognizes revenue from sales of bluish dogbane products, Chinese medicinal herbal products
and agricultural products, as well as providing logistic service and other processing service to external customers. The Company
recognizes revenue when all of the following have occurred: (i) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement with a customer;
(ii) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) the Company s
collection of such fees is reasonable assured. These criteria, as related to the Company s revenue, are considered to have
been met as follows: 

Sales of products : The Company
recognizes revenue on sale of products when the goods are delivered and title to the goods passes to the customer provided that
there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; the sales price is fixed
or determinable; and collectability is deemed probable. 

Revenue from the rendering of services:  Revenue
from international freight forwarding, domestic air and overland freight forwarding services are recognized upon the completion
of the performance of services as stipulated in the underlying contract or when commodities are being released from the customer s
warehouse; the service price is fixed or determinable; and collectability is deemed probable. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash
on hand, cash on deposits and other highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use, and which have maturities
of three months or less when purchased. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with various financial institutions mainly
in the PRC. Balances in banks in the PRC are uninsured. 

Accounts Receivable   

Accounts receivable are recorded at net
realizable value consisting of carrying amount less an allowance for uncollectible accounts, as necessary. The Company reviews
the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and makes general and specific allowance when there is doubt as to the collectability
of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances, the Company considers many factors,
including the age of the balance, customers  historical payment history, their current credit-worthiness and current economic
trends. As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the allowances for doubtful accounts were $99,067 and $103,968, respectively.
Accounts are written off against the allowance after efforts at collection prove unsuccessful. 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Accounts receivable-unconsolidated entity represents the amount due from Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group
Pai ang Medicine Co. Ltd. ( Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group ). The joint-venture company established by Shaanxi
Pharmaceutical and the Company are required to exclusively purchase certain raw materials and drug products from Shaanxi Pharmaceutical
Group. In return, Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group has agreed to compensate Ankang Longevity Group with a preferred distribution that
equals to 7% of the total purchases made from Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group. The accounts receivable mainly represents the preferred
distribution due from Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group. 

Inventories   

Inventories, which are stated at the lower
of cost or current market value, consisting of raw materials, work-in-progress, finished goods related to the Company s products.
Cost is determined using the first in first out (FIFO) method. Market is the lower of replacement cost or net realizable value.
Agricultural products that the Company farms are recorded at cost, which includes direct costs such as seed selection, fertilizer,
labor cost and contract fee that are spent in growing agricultural products on the leased farmland, and indirect costs which include
amortization of prepayment of farmland lease fee and farmland development costs. All the costs are accumulated until the time of
harvest and then allocated to harvested crops costs when they are sold. The Company periodically evaluates its inventory and records
inventory reserve for certain inventories that may not be saleable. 

Advances to Suppliers   

Advances to suppliers consist of balance paid to suppliers for
materials that have not been received. Advances to suppliers are reviewed periodically to determine whether their carrying value
has become impaired. As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company had an allowance for uncollectible advances to suppliers
in the amount of $10,079 and $10,118, respectively. 

Loans to Third Parties   

Loans to third parties consist of various
cash advances to unrelated companies and individuals, with whom the Company has business relationships. The loans are due within
one year with no interest rate. Loans to third parties are reviewed periodically as to whether their carrying values remain realizable. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment are stated at cost,
less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for additions, major renewal and betterments are capitalized, and
expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis,
less estimated residual value, over an asset s estimated useful life, Farmland leasehold improvements are amortized over
the shorter of lease term or remaining lease period of the underlying assets. Following are the estimated useful lives of the Company s
property and equipment: 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Land Use Right   

Under PRC law, all land in the PRC is owned
by the government and cannot be sold to an individual or company. The government grants individuals and companies the rights to
use parcels of land for a specified period of time. Land use rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization
is provided over the respective useful lives, using the straight-line method. Estimated useful life is 50-years, based on the term
of the land use rights. 

Long-lived Assets   

Finite-lived assets and intangibles are
reviewed for impairment testing when circumstances require. For purposes of evaluating the recoverability of long-lived assets,
when undiscounted future cash flows will not be sufficient to recover an asset s carrying amount, the asset is written down
to its fair value. The long-lived assets of the Company that are subject to evaluation consist primarily of property, plant and
equipment, land use rights, investments and long-term prepaid lease. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company did not recognize any impairment of its long-lived assets. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The Company adopted the provisions of ASC
820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.  ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods
for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities
for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities
for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume
or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can
be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities
for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value
of the assets or liabilities. 

The carrying value of current assets and
liabilities approximate their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Income Taxes   

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of
operations in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

The provisions of ASC 740-10-25,  Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes,  prescribe a more-likely-than-not threshold for consolidated financial statement recognition
and measurement of a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) in a tax return. This ASC also provides guidance on the recognition
of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for
interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and related disclosures. The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions
at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

The statute of limitations for the Company s
U.S. federal income tax returns and certain state income tax returns remains open for tax years 2013 and after. As of September
30, 2016, the tax years ended June 30, 2007 through June 30, 2016 for the Company s People s Republic of China ( PRC )
subsidiaries remain open for statutory examination by PRC tax authorities. 

Value Added Tax   

Sales revenue represents the invoiced value
of goods, net of a Value-Added Tax ( VAT ). All of the Company s products that are sold in the PRC are subject
to a Chinese value-added tax at a rate of 17% of the gross sales price. This VAT may be offset by VAT paid by the Company on raw
materials and other materials included in the cost of producing their finished product or acquiring its finished products. The
Company recorded a VAT payable or VAT receivable net of payment in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

Foreign Currency Translation   

The Company uses the United States dollar
( U.S. dollars  or  USD ) for financial reporting purposes. The Company s subsidiaries and VIEs maintain
their books and records in their functional currency of Renminbi ( RMB ), the currency of the PRC. 

In general, for consolidation purposes,
the Company translates the assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries and VIEs into U.S. dollars using the applicable exchange
rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, and the statements of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates
during the reporting period. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will
not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheet. Equity accounts are translated at historical
rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the financial statements of the subsidiaries and VIEs are recorded as accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss). 

The balance sheet amounts, with the exception
of equity, at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 were translated at 1 RMB to $0.1499 USD and at 1 RMB to $0.1505 USD, respectively.
The average translation rates applied to income and cash flow statement amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were at 1 RMB to $0.1500 USD and at 1 RMB to $0.1595 USD, respectively. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

Comprehensive income (loss) consists of
two components, net income and other comprehensive income (loss). The foreign currency translation gain or loss resulting from
translation of the financial statements expressed in RMB to US$ is reported in other comprehensive income (loss) in the unaudited
condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). 

Equity Investment   

An investment in which the Company has
the ability to exercise significant influence, but does not have a controlling interest, is accounted for using the equity method.
Significant influence is generally considered to exist when the Company has an ownership interest in the voting stock between 20%
and 50%, and other factors, such as representation on the Board of Directors, voting rights and the impact of commercial arrangements,
are considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Earnings per Share   

The Company computes earnings per share
( EPS ) in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings per Share  ( ASC 260 ). ASC 260 requires companies
with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as net income divided by the weighted average
common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis
of potential common shares (e.g., convertible securities, options and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning
of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e., those that
increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. There is no anti-dilutive
effect for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2016, the FASB has issued
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments, to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the
statement of cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues: (1) Debt
Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs; (2) Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon
Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing; (3) Contingent
Consideration Payments Made after a Business Combination; (4) Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims; (5) Proceeds
from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned; (6) Life Insurance Policies; (7)
Distributions Received from Equity Method Investees; (8) Beneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions; and Separately
Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance Principle. The amendments are effective for public business
entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method
to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the
amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In October 2016, the FASB has issued ASU
No. 2016-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Interest Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control, to provide guidance
on the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by amending how a reporting entity, that is
a single decision maker of a VIE, treats indirect interests in that entity held through related parties that are under common
control. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

NOTE 3- INVENTORIES  

The inventories consist of the following: 

Work-in-process includes direct costs such
as seed selection, fertilizer, labor cost and subcontractor fee that are spent in growing agricultural products on the leased farmland,
and indirect costs which include amortization of prepayment of farmland lease fee and farmland development cost. All the costs
are accumulated until the time of harvest and then allocated to harvested crops costs when they are sold. 

NOTE 4- PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

Property and equipment consist of the following: 

Depreciation and amortization expense charged
to operations were $147,367 and $261,255 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Farmland leasehold improvements consist
of following: 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

NOTE 5- LAND USE RIGHTS, NET  

The Company states land use right at cost
less accumulated amortization. All land in the People s Republic of China is government owned and cannot be sold to any individual
or company. However, the government grants the user a  land use right  (the  Right ) to use the land. The
Company has the Right to use the land for 50 years and amortizes the Right on a straight-line basis over the period of 50 years. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company incurred amortization expense of $8,342 and $8,873, respectively. 

The estimated future amortization expenses
are as follows: 

NOTE 6- INVESTMENTS  

Ankang Longevity Group entered into two
equity investment agreements with a third party, Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group Pai ang Medicine Co. Ltd., a Chinese state-owned
pharmaceutical enterprise to invest a total of RMB 6.8 million (approximately $1.0 million) to form a joint venture pharmacy retail
company called Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Sunsimiao Drugstores Ankang Retail Chain Co., Ltd. ( Sunsimiao Drugstores ),
and a joint venture pharmaceutical wholesale distribution company named Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Holding Group Longevity Pharmacy
Co., Ltd. ( Shaanxi Longevity Pharmacy ). Ankang Longevity Group obtained 49% interest in each of these two new joint
venture companies. These two joint ventures are formed as new business entities to collaborate with Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group
to expand sales to regional hospitals and clinics and to establish the presence of retail pharmacies under the Brand name  Sunsimiao .
The investments are accounted for using the equity method because Ankang Longevity Group has significant influence, but no control
of these two entities. Ankang Longevity Group recorded income of $161,182 and $148,600 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, from the investment, which was included in  Income from equity method investments  in
the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Ankang Longevity Group entered into a supplemental
agreement with Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group Pai ang Medicine Co. Ltd. ( Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group ). According
to the supplemental agreement, the new joint-venture companies established by Shaanxi Pharmaceutical and Ankang Longevity Group
are required to exclusively purchase certain raw materials and drug products from Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group. In return, Shaanxi
Pharmaceutical Group has agreed to compensate Ankang Longevity Group with a preferred distribution equal to 7% of the total purchases
made from Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, a total of $239,990 and $191,449
were recognized by Ankang Longevity Group from this supplemental agreement in addition to its 49% share of the income from the
joint ventures, respectively. 

On October 21, 2013, the Company, through
its controlled subsidiaries, Zhisheng Freight and Zhisheng Agricultural, entered into an agreement with an unrelated third party,
Zhejiang Zhen Ai Network Warehousing Services Co., Ltd. ( Zhen Ai Network ), and invested RMB 14.5 million
(approximately $2.2 million) into Tiancang Systematic Warehousing project ( Tiancang Project ) operated by Zhen Ai
Network. Tiancang Project is an online platform established to provide comprehensive warehousing and logistic solutions to companies
involved in E-commerce. The Company is entitled to a profit sharing of 29% of Tiancang Project s after-tax net income annually,
less 30% statutory reserve and 10% employee welfare fund. When the amount of the accumulated statutory reserve reaches 30% of the
total investment for the Tiancang Project, no additional appropriation of the statutory reserve is required. The Tiancang Project
is currently up and running. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not record investment income from this
investment. 

The Company s investments in unconsolidated
entities consist of the following: 

Summarized financial information of unconsolidated entities
is as follows: 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

NOTE 7- PREPAID LEASES  

One of the Company s controlled
subsidiaries, Zhisheng Group entered into several farmland lease contracts with farmer cooperatives to lease farmland in order
to plant and grow organic vegetable, fruit and Chinese yew trees. The lease term varies from 5 years to 24 years. The aggregate
lease payments on these leases amounts to RMB 36.8 million (approximately $5.52 million). Zhisheng Group paid off the entire required
lease amount plus transfer fees at the beginning of the lease. 

These leases are accounted for as operating
leases and will be amortized each year on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. The amortization expense is initially recorded
as work in process under inventory account during the growing period and then transferred to harvested crops costs at the time
of harvest and then allocated to cost of sales when they are sold. 

The prepaid leases consist of the following: 

Further amortization expense is as follows: 

NOTE 8- SHORT-TERM LOANS  

Short-term loans consist of the following: 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

The loans outstanding were guaranteed by
the following properties, entities or individuals:  

a. Not collateralized or guaranteed. 

b. Collateralized by the building owned
by Xiaoyan Chen and Jing Chen, who are both the related parties of the company. Xiaoyan Chen is one of the shareholders of Ankang
Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. Jing Chen is the sister of the Xiaoyan Chen but not a shareholder of Ankang Longevity
Group. 

c. Guaranteed by commercial credit guaranty
companies unrelated to the Company. 

d. Guaranteed by a commercial credit guaranty
company, unrelated to the Company and also by Jiping Chen, a shareholder of the Company. 

*  
      The Company repaid the loans in full on maturity date.   

The Company recorded interest expense of
$39,303 and $38,898 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The annual weighted average interest
rates are 5.48% and 6.71% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 9- RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES  

The Company had previously made
temporary advances to certain shareholders of the Company as well as several other entities that are either owned by
directors or family members of those directors. Those advances are due on demand, non-interest bearing, except for the
advance to Xinyang Yifangyuan Garden Technology Co., Ltd., which bears fixed monthly interest rate of 4.17%. 

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30,
2016, the outstanding amounts due from related parties consist of the following: 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

For the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, interest income of $56,248 and $59,895 recognized on these loans was included in  Interest income,
net  on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). 

DUE TO RELATED PARTIES  

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016,
the Company has related party payables of $341,329 and $244,915, respectively, mainly due to the principal shareholders or certain
relatives of the shareholder of the Company who lend funds for the Company s operations. The payables are unsecured, non-interest
bearing and due on demand. 

SALES TO AND PURCHASES FROM RELATED PARTIES  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company recorded sales to Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group Pai ang Medicine Co., Ltd, a related party, of
$800,199 and $746,475, respectively. There were no purchases from related parties for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

NOTE 10- TAXES  

(a)   
       Corporate Income Taxes    

The Company is subject to income taxes
on an entity basis on income arising in or derived from the location in which each entity is domiciled. 

Shineco is incorporated in the United States
and has no operating activities. Tenet-Jove and its VIEs entities are governed by the Income Tax Laws of the PRC, and are currently
subject to tax at a statutory rate of 25% on net income reported after appropriated tax adjustment. Two VIE entities receive a
full income tax exemption from the local tax authority of PRC as agricultural enterprises as long as the favorable tax policy remains
unchanged. 

i)      The components of the income tax expense are as follows:     

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

ii)    
        The following table summarizes deferred tax assets resulting from differences between the financial reporting basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities:     

Movement of valuation allowance: 

(b) Value Added Tax  

The Company is subject to a value added
tax ( VAT ) for selling merchandise. The applicable VAT rate is 17% for products sold in the PRC. The amount of VAT
liability is determined by applying the applicable tax rate to the invoiced amount of goods sold (output VAT) less VAT paid on
purchases made with the relevant supporting invoices (input VAT). Under the commercial practice of the PRC, the Company pays VAT
based on tax invoices issued. The tax invoices may be issued subsequent to the date on which revenue is recognized, and there may
be a considerable delay between the date on which the revenue is recognized and the date on which the tax invoice is issued. 

In the event that the PRC tax authorities
dispute the date on which revenue is recognized for tax purposes, the PRC tax office has the right to assess a penalty based on
the amount of the taxes which are determined to be late or deficient, and will be expensed in the period if and when a determination
is made by the tax authorities. 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

(c) Taxes Payable   

Taxes payable consists of the following: 

NOTE
11  SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Initial
Public Offering    

On September 28, 2016, the Company completed
its initial public offering of 1,713,190 shares of common stock at a price of $4.50 per share for gross proceeds of $7.7 million
and net proceeds of approximately $6.2 million. The Company s common shares began trading on September 28, 2016 on the NASDAQ
Capital Market under the symbol  TYHT . 

Stock
Incentive Plan    

On September 23, 2016, the Board of Directors
of the Company approved a stock incentive plan ( Plan ). Pursuant to the Plan, the Company plans to file a registration
statement on Form S-8, as soon as practicable, to register up to 2,103,407 of the Company s shares of common stock. As of
the date of this report, the Company has not issued any options to purchase the Company's shares of common stock and the Company
has not filed the Form S-8 registration statement. 

Statutory
Reserve    

The
Company is required to make appropriations to reserve funds, comprising the statutory surplus reserve and discretionary surplus
reserve, based on after-tax net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the PRC ( PRC
GAAP ).  

Appropriations
to the statutory surplus reserve is required to be at least 10% of the after tax net income determined in accordance with PRC
GAAP until the reserve is equal to 50% of the entities  registered capital. Appropriations to the discretionary surplus
reserve are made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the balance of the statutory
reserve was $3,317,188 and $3,242,139, respectively.  

NOTE
12- CONCENTRATION AND RISKS   

The
Company maintains certain bank accounts in the PRC which are not protected by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC )
insurance or other insurance. The cash balance held in the PRC bank accounts was $28,528,892 and $21,986,817 as of September 30,
2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively.  

Shineco,
Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, almost 100% of the Company's assets were located in the PRC and 100% of the
Company's revenues were derived from its subsidiaries and VIEs located in the PRC.  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, three customers accounted for approximately 38%, 11% and 11% of the Company s total sales, respectively. For the three
months ended September 30, 2015, two customers accounted for approximately 37% and 11% of the Company's total sales, respectively. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, six vendors accounted for approximately
17%, 17%, 13%, 12%, 11% and 10% of the Company s total purchases, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2015,
five vendors accounted for approximately 20%, 17%, 14%, 12% and 10% of the Company's total purchases, respectively. 

NOTE
13- COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Lease
Commitments   

The Company leases eight main office spaces under non-cancelable
operating lease agreements through February 28, 2019. The Company also leases farmland under a non-cancelable operating lease agreement
through April 26, 2041. Most of those operating lease payments are scheduled on a quarterly basis. The future minimum rental payments
are as follows: 

Rent
expense totaled $99,839 and $32,352 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

In addition, the Company sublets the above-mentioned
farmland to a third party under a non-cancelable operating lease agreement through May 31, 2020. The future minimum sublease rental
income to be received is as follows: 

Sublease
rent income totaled $53,998 and $57,435 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Legal Contingencies  

From time to time, the Company is a party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business.
The Company accrues costs associated with these matters when they become probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Legal
costs incurred in connection with loss contingencies are expensed as incurred. The Company's management does not expect any liability
from the disposition of such claims and litigation individually or in the aggregate would have a material adverse impact on the
Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  

NOTE
14- SEGMENT REPORTING   

ASC
280,  Segment Reporting , establishes standards for reporting information about operating segments on a basis consistent
with the Group's internal organizational structure as well as information about geographical areas, business segments and major
customers in financial statements for details on the Group's business segments.  

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

The Company's chief operating decision
maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer who reviews the financial information of separate operating segments when
making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Group. Based on management's assessment, the Company
has determined that it has three operating segments according to the major products and locations as follows: 

Developing, manufacturing and distributing of specialized
    fabrics, textile products and other by-products derived from an indigenous Chinese plant called Apocynum Venetum, commonly
    known as  Bluish Dogbane  or known in Chinese as  Luobuma  (referred to herein as
    Luobuma):    

The operating companies of this
segment, namely Tenet-Jove and Tenet Huatai, specialize in Luobuma developing and manufacturing of relevant products. With rich
experience and broad channels in domestic market, the Group is leading in Luobuma textile production and other by-products. 

This segment s operations
are focused in the north region of Mainland China, mostly carried out in Beijing and Tianjin City. 

Planting, processing and distributing of traditional Chinese medicinal herbal products as well as other pharmaceutical products ( Herbal products ):    

The operating companies of this
segment, namely AnKang Longevity Group and its subsidiaries, plant and process more than 600 kinds of Chinese medicinal herbal
products with an established domestic sales and distribution network. 

Ankang Longevity Group is also
engaged in retail pharmacy business and the operating revenue is also included in this segment due to immaterial amount. Ankang
Longevity Group also started a joint-venture pharmacy retail and wholesale distribution business in the second quarter of 2013
with a large Chinese pharmaceutical company, Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Holdings Group, aiming to expand its pharmacy retail and wholesale
business. The operations of this segment are mainly located in the Mid-western region of Mainland China. 

Planting, processing and distributing of green and organic agricultural produce as well
    as growing and cultivating of Chinese Yew trees ( Agricultural products ):   

The operating companies of this
segment, the Zhisheng Group, engage in the business of growing and distributing green and organic vegetables and fruits as well
as providing logistics services for distributing agricultural products. This segment has been focusing its efforts on the growing
and cultivating of Chinese yew tree (formally known as  taxus media ), a small evergreen tree whose branches can be
used for the production of anti-cancer medication and tree itself can be used for ornamental indoor bonsai tree, which are known
to have the effect of purifying air quality. 

The operations of this segment
are located in the East and North regions of Mainland China, mostly carried out in Shandong Province and in Beijing where the Zhisheng
Group has newly developed over 100 acres of modern greenhouses for cultivating yew trees and other plants. 

The following table presents summarized
information by segment for the three months ended September 30, 2016:: 

Shineco, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

The following table presents summarized
information by segment for three months ended September 30, 2015: 

Total Assets as of 

ITEM 2.   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion
and analysis of the results of our operations and financial condition for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 should
be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and the notes to those unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Report. All monetary figures are presented in U.S. dollars,
unless otherwise indicated.  

Forward-Looking Statements  

The statements in
this discussion that are not historical facts are  forward-looking statements.  The words  may,   will, 
 expect,   believe,   anticipate,   intend,   could,   estimate, 
 continue,  the negative forms thereof, or similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements,
although not all forward-looking statements are identified by those words or expressions. Forward-looking statements by their nature
involve substantial risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control. Actual results, performance or achievements
may differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements depending on a variety of important factors,
including, but not limited to, weather, local, regional, national and global coke and coal price fluctuations, levels of coal and
coke production in the region, the demand for raw materials such as iron and steel which require coke to produce, availability
of financing and interest rates, competition, changes in, or failure to comply with, government regulations, costs, uncertainties
and other effects of legal and other administrative proceedings, and other risks and uncertainties. We are not undertaking to update
or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. 

Business Overview  

Shineco, Inc. (the
 Company ,  we ,  us  and  our ) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on August
20, 1997. On December 30, 2004, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Tenet-Jove, a PRC company, in
exchange for our restricted shares of common stock. Consequently, Tenet-Jove became our 100% owned subsidiary and its operating
business became that of the Company. Tenet-Jove was incorporated on December 16, 2003 under the laws of China and was officially
granted the status of a Wholly Foreign-Owned Entity ( WFOE ) by Chinese authorities on July 14, 2006. This transaction
was accounted for as a recapitalization. Tenet-Jove owns a 90% interest of Tianjin Tenet Huatai Technological Development Co.,
Ltd. ( Tenet Huatai ). 

On December 31, 2008,
June 11, 2011 and May 24, 2012, respectively, Tenet-Jove entered into a series of contractual agreements with the owner of Ankang
Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. ( Ankang Longevity Group ), each of Yantai Zhisheng International Freight
Forwarding Co., Ltd ( Zhisheng Freight ), Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd ( Zhisheng Trade ),
Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative ( Zhisheng Agricultural ) and Qingdao Zhihesheng
Agricultural Produce Services., Ltd ( Qingdao Zhihesheng ). On February 24, 2014, Tenet-Jove also subsequently entered
into the same series of contractual agreements with ShinecoZhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd ( Zhisheng Bio-Tech ),
which is a new company incorporated in 2014. Zhisheng Bio-Tech, Zhisheng Freight, Zhisheng Trade, Zhisheng Agricultural, and Qingdao
Zhihesheng are collectively referred to herein as  Zhisheng Group.  These agreements include an Executive Business
Cooperation Agreement; Timely Reporting Agreement; Equity Interest Pledge Agreement and Executive Option Agreement. 

Pursuant to these
agreements, Tenet-Jove has the exclusive right to provide to Zhisheng Group and Ankang Longevity Group consulting services related
to business operation and management. All these contractual agreements obligate Tenet-Jove to absorb a majority of the risk of
loss from Zhisheng Group and Ankang Longevity Group s activities and entitle Tenet-Jove to receive a majority of their residual
returns. In essence, Tenet-Jove has gained effective control over Zhisheng Group and Ankang Longevity Group. Based on these contractual
arrangements, we believe that Zhisheng Group and Ankang Longevity should be considered as Variable Interest Entities ( VIEs )
under Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810  Consolidation .
Accordingly, the accounts of these entities are consolidated with those of Tenet-Jove. We carry out all of our business in China
through our PRC subsidiaries, our VIEs and their subsidiaries. Currently, we operate three main business segments: (i) Tenet-Jove
is engaged in manufacturing and selling of Luobuma and related products, also known in Chinese as  Luobuma , including
therapeutic clothing and textile products made from Luobuma; (ii) Zhisheng Group is engaged in the business of planting, processing
and distributing of green agricultural produce as well as providing domestic and international logistic services for agricultural
products ( Agricultural Products ); (iii) Ankang Longevity develops and manufactures traditional Chinese herbal medicinal
products as well as other retail pharmaceutical products. These different business activities and products can potentially be
integrated and benefit from one and other. 

Factors Affecting Financial Performance  

We believe that the
following factors will affect our financial performance: 

Increasing demand
for our products -   The increasing demand for our Luobuma therapeutic products, our Chinese herbal medicinal products
and our agricultural products, will have a positive impact on our financial position. We plan to develop new products and expand
our distribution network as well as to grow our business through possible mergers and acquisitions of similar or synergetic businesses,
all aimed at increasing awareness of our brand, developing customer loyalty, meeting customer demands in various markets and providing
solid foundations for our continuous growth. We do not currently have any agreements, undertakings or understandings to acquire
any such entity. 

Expansion of
our sources of supply, production capacity and sales network -   To meet the increasing demand for our products, we
need to expand our sources of supply and production capacity. We plan to make capital improvements in our existing production facilities,
which would improve both their efficiency and capacity. In the short-run, we intend to increase our investment in our reliable
supply network, personnel training, information technology applications and logistic system upgrades. We also participate in two
non-equity investment opportunities through a VIE, both of which are expect to provide us with new network and platforms. 

Maintaining
effective control of our costs and expenses -  Successful cost control depends upon our ability to obtain and maintain adequate
material supplies as required by our operations at competitive prices. We will focus on improving our long-term cost control strategies
including establishing long-term alliances with certain suppliers to ensure adequate supply is maintained. We will carry forward
the economies of scale and advantages from our nationwide distribution network and diversified offerings. Moreover, we will step
up our efforts in higher value added products of Luobuma by using an exclusive and patented technology, to optimize quality management,
procurement processes and cost control, and give full play to the strong production capacity and trustworthy sales teams to maximize
our profit and bring better long-term return for our shareholders. 

Economic and Political Risks  

Our operations are
conducted primarily in the PRC. Accordingly, our business, financial conditions and results may be influenced by the political,
economic and legal environment in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRC economy. 

Our operations in
the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and
Western Europe. These include risks with, among others, the political, economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange.
Our Company s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC, and by changes
in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversions, remittances abroad,
and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) requires the use
of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures
in the financial statements. Critical accounting policies are those accounting policies that may be material due to the levels
of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change,
and that have a material impact on financial condition or operating performance. While we base our estimates and judgments on
our experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting policies used in
the preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements require significant judgments and estimates. For
additional information relating to these and other accounting policies, see Note 2 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this report. 

Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities  

In accordance with
accounting standards regarding consolidation of VIEs, VIEs are generally entities that lack sufficient equity to finance their
activities without additional financial support from other parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision-making ability.
All VIEs with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards of
the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the VIE for financial reporting purposes. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates
required to be made by management include, but are not limited to, useful lives of property, plant, and equipment, and intangible
assets, the recoverability of long-lived assets and the valuation of accounts receivable, accrued expenses
and taxes payable and inventory reserve. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable are recorded at net
realizable value consisting of carrying amount less an allowance for uncollectible accounts, as necessary. The Company reviews
the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and makes general and specific allowance when there is doubt as to the collectability
of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances, the Company considers many factors,
including the age of the balance, customers  historical payment history, their current credit-worthiness and current economic
trends. Accounts are written off against the allowance after efforts at collection prove unsuccessful. 

Inventories  

Inventories, which
are stated at the lower of cost or current market value, consisting of raw materials, work-in-progress, finished goods related
to the Company s products. Cost is determined using the first in first out ( FIFO ) method. Market is the lower
of replacement cost or net realizable value. Agricultural products that the Company farms are recorded at cost, which includes
direct costs such as seed selection, fertilizer, labor cost and contract fee that are spent in growing agricultural products on
the leased farmland, and indirect costs which include amortization of prepayment of farmland lease fee and farmland development
cost. All the costs are accumulated until the time of harvest and then allocated to harvested crops costs when they are sold. The
Company periodically evaluates its inventory and records inventory reserve for certain inventories that may not be saleable. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company recognizes
revenue from sales of Luobuma products, Chinese medicinal herbal products and agricultural products, as well as providing logistic
service and other processing service to external customers. The Company recognizes revenue when all of the following have occurred:
(i) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement with a customer, (ii) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered,
(iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) the Company s collection of such fees is reasonable assured. These
criteria, as related to the Company s revenue, are considered to have been met as follows: 

Sales of products:
the Company recognizes revenue on sale of products when the goods are delivered and title to the goods passes to the customer provided
that there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; persuasive evidence of the an arrangement exists; the sales price
is fixed or determinable; and collectability is deemed probable. 

Revenue from the
rendering of services: Revenue from international freight forwarding, domestic air and overland freight forwarding services are
recognized upon the completion of the performance of services as stipulated in the underlying contract or when commodities are
being released from the customer s warehouse. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company adopted
the provisions of ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.  ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value,
prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair
value as follows: 

Level 1 applies to
assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 applies to
assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as
quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets
with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs
are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level 3 applies to
assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement
of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The carrying value
of current assets and liabilities approximate their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Results of Operations for the Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Overview  

The following table
summarizes our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Revenue  

Currently, we have
three types of revenue streams deriving from our three major business segments: First, developing, manufacturing and distributing
specialized fabrics, textiles and other by-products derived from an indigenous Chinese plant Apocynum Venetum, known in Chinese
as  Luobuma  or  Bluish Dogbane.  This segment is channeled through our directly owned subsidiary, Tenet-Jove.
Second, processing and distributing traditional Chinese herbal medicine products as well as other pharmaceutical products. This
segment is conducted by our Ankang Longevity Group VIEs. And third, planting, processing and distributing green and organic agricultural
produce as well as growing and cultivation of yew trees. This segment is conducted through our VIEs, the Zhisheng Group. 

The following table
sets forth the breakdown of our revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively: 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, revenue from sales of Luobuma products was $737,461
and $1,095,545, respectively, which represented a decrease of $358,084 or 32.69%. The decrease of revenue from this segment was
primarily due to the decreased sales price of our products. The Company focused on selling a portion of slow-moving products with
a price equal to cost, which results in less revenue recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Moreover, the
sales volume also decreased and resulted in the decreased sales of Luobuma products for the three months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to the same period in 2015. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, revenue from sales of Chinese medicinal herbal
products was $3,180,371 and $3,480,179, respectively, representing a decrease of $299,808 or 8.61%. The decrease was primarily
due to the fact that in order to meet the qualifications of a new standard promulgated by the local government, the Company reduced
production of certain types of traditional Chinese herbal medicines. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, revenue from sales of other agricultural products was $2,448,832 and $2,710,195, respectively,
representing a decrease of $261,363 or 9.64%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the reduced sales volume of yew trees. The
Company faced temporary difficulties in purchasing yew trees from upstream vendors because the vendors had limited stock. 

Cost of Revenue  

The following table
sets forth the breakdown of the Company s cost of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively: 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, cost of revenue from sales of our Luobuma products was $367,220 and $400,218, respectively,
representing a decrease of $32,998 or 8.25%. The decrease of cost of revenue was mainly due to the reduced total production output.
Moreover, the percentage of the decrease in cost of revenue was lower than the decrease in sales during this period, which resulted
from higher unit fixed cost due to decreased production output. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, cost of revenue from sales of Chinese medicinal
herbal products was $2,437,713 and $2,694,258, respectively, representing a decrease of $256,545 or 9.52%. The percentage of the
decrease in costs was proportional to the percentage of the decrease in sales due to the stable gross margin of our Chinese medicine
herbal products. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, cost of revenue from sales of other agricultural products was $1,631,239 and $1,762,402, respectively,
representing a decrease of $131,163 or 7.44%. The percentage of the decrease in costs was proportional to the percentage of the
decrease in sales due to the stable gross margin of those products. 

Gross Profit  

The following table
sets forth the breakdown of the Company s gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively:   

Gross profit from
Luobuma product sales decreased by $324,415 and gross profit contribution percentage decreased by 46.95% for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. The decrease in gross profit was primarily due to a decrease in sales
volume, which led to a higher unit cost and a lower gross profit. In addition, the Company sold a portion of slow-moving products
with a price equal to cost, which results in percentage of decrease in gross profit higher than the percentage of decrease in sales
during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Gross profit from
sales of Chinese medicinal herbal products had a decrease of $42,885 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the same period of 2015, primarily due to decreased sales orders. Thus, contribution percentage of decrease in gross profit
was slightly lower than the percentage of decrease in sales, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same
period of 2015. 

Gross profit from sales of other agricultural products decreased by $130,200 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily a result of decreased sales volume. As mentioned
above, the Company faced temporary difficulties in purchasing yew trees from upstream vendors because the vendors had limited stock.
Thus, we had relatively higher purchase cost and lower gross profit. 

Expenses  

The following table
sets forth the breakdown of our operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively: 

General and Administrative
Expenses  

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, our general and administrative expenses were $473,764, representing a decrease of $41,390 or 8.03%, as
compared to the same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to decreased professional fees, partially offset by
the increased rent expense of Zhisheng Agricultural, during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period
of 2015. 

Selling and Distribution Expense  

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, our selling and distribution expenses were $380,318, representing a decrease of $107,564, or 22.05%, as
compared to the same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily due to decreased advertising expense. 

Income from Equity Method Investments  

We formed two joint ventures, namely, Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Sunsimiao Drugstores Ankang Retail Chain
Co., Ltd. ( Sunsimiao Drugstores ), and Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Holding Group Longevity Pharmacy Co., Ltd. ( Shaanxi
Longevity Pharmacy ) with Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group. We obtained a 49% equity interest in each of these two new joint
venture companies. We recorded net income of $161,182 and $148,600 from these equity method investments for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in net income was primarily due to the higher net profit in the two joint
ventures in the current period. 

We had a supplemental
agreement with Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group. According to the supplemental agreement, the new joint venture companies established
by Shaanxi Pharmaceutical and Ankang Longevity Group are required to purchase certain raw materials and drug products exclusively
from Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group. In return, Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group has agreed to compensate Ankang Longevity Group with
a preferred distribution equal to 7% of the total purchases made from Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Group. For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, total income of $239,990 was recognized by Ankang Longevity Group from this supplemental agreement, compared
to $191,449 in the same period in 2015 due to an increase in purchases in the current period. 

We invested RMB 14.5
million (approximately $2.2 million) into Tiancang Systematic Warehousing project ( Tiancang Project ) operated by
Zhen Ai Network. The Tiancang Project is currently up and running. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
Zhisheng Freight did not recognize any  investment income from Zhen Ai Network.  

Interest Income, net  

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, our net interest income was $32,753 as compared to $35,268 in the same period of 2015. The decrease in
net interest income mainly reflected the effect of depreciation of foreign currencies in terms of RMB. 

Provision for Income Taxes   

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s provision for income taxes decreased by $99,313 or 33.00% from $300,949
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $201,636 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in the Company s
provision for income taxes was primarily due to decreased taxable income of Tenet-Jove for the period indicated. 

Net Income  

Our net income decreased
by $85,080 or 5.81% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. The decrease in net income
was primarily a result of the decrease in gross profit, partially offset by the decrease in operating expense and the increase
in other income. 

Comprehensive Income  

The foreign currency
translation gain or loss resulting from translation of the financial statements expressed in RMB to US$ is reported in other comprehensive
loss in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). The comprehensive income (loss)
attributable to Shineco, Inc. increased by $1,598,890 to comprehensive income of $1,155,748 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 from comprehensive loss of $443,142 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to the RMB s significant weakening
against the U.S. dollar during the corresponding period in 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We currently finance
our business operations primarily through cash provided by operating activities and bank loans. Our current cash primarily consists
of cash on hand and cash in bank, which is unrestricted as to withdrawal and use and is deposited with banks in China. 

On September 28,
2016, we completed the initial public offering of 1,713,190 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of $4.50 per
share for gross proceeds of $7.7 million and net proceeds of approximately $6.2 million. We intend to use 54%, 16%, 25% and 5% of proceeds received through IPO in expansion of high-pressure steam degumming proceed
project, development of Ziyang County, China Chinese herbal medicine farm, processing plants project and development of e-commerce
platform projects and working capital, respectively. 

As of September 30,
2016 and June 30, 2016, we possessed cash of $28,669,501 and $22,009,374, respectively. Management believes that our current cash,
cash flows provided by operating activities, and access to loans will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs for at least
the next 12 months. We intend to continue to carefully execute our growth plans and manage market risk. 

Treasury Policies  

We have established
treasury policies with the objectives of achieving effective control of treasury operations and of lowering cost of funds. Therefore,
funding for all operations and foreign exchange exposure have been centrally reviewed and monitored from the top level. To manage
our exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates and interest rates on specific transactions and foreign currency borrowings, currency
structured instruments and other appropriate financial instruments will be used to hedge material exposure, if any. 

Our policy precludes
us from entering into any derivative contracts purely for speculative activities. Through our treasury policies, we aim to: 

(a) Minimize interest
risk 

This is accomplished
by loan re-financing and negotiation. We will continue to closely monitor the total loan portfolio and compare the loan margin
spread under our existing agreements against the current borrowing interest rates under different currencies and new offers from
banks. 

(b) Minimize currency
risk 

In view of the current
volatile currency market, we will closely monitor the foreign currency borrowings at company level. As of September 30, 2016 and
June 30, 2016, we do not engage in any foreign currency borrowings or loan contracts. 

Working Capital  

The following table
provides the information about our working capital at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

The working capital
increased by $7,593,437 or 26.19% from June 30, 2016 to September 30, 2016, primarily as a result of an increase in cash due to
the net proceeds from our initial public offering during the three months ended September 30, 2016. We believe that we currently
have sufficient working capital to run our business. 

As of September 30,
2016 and June 30, 2016, other major components of our working capital included inventory and accounts receivable. Our inventory
balance decreased by 12.29% from $4,608,179 as of June 30, 2016 to $4,041,813 as of September 30, 2016, which was mainly due to
the decreased work in process of yew trees. The average inventory turnover days of finished goods in our industry ranges from 40
days to 60 days. Our inventory turnover days for raw materials and finished goods were around the industry average, because we
tried to manage and control our inventory stockpile. 

The accounts receivable,
including accounts receivable from unconsolidated entities, as of September 30, 2016 were $7,142,024, an increase of approximately
28.63% from $5,552,242 as of June 30, 2016, mainly due to an increase of revenue receivable from Qingdao Zhihesheng and Shaanxi
Pharmaceutical Group. The turnover days of trade receivables were 89.7 days for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to 74.6 days in the corresponding period last period. The average turnover days of accounts receivable in our industry is approximately
40 days. As of September 30, 2016, about 61.7% of our outstanding account receivables were aged within 90 days, which was
in compliance with our credit terms. 

Capital Commitments and Contingencies  

Capital commitments
refer to the allocation of funds for a possible liability in the near future arising out of capital expenditures. Contingency refers
to a condition that arises from past transactions or events, the outcome of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence
of uncertain futures events. 

As of September 30,
2016 and 2015 we had no material capital commitments or contingent liabilities. 

Cash Flows   

The following table
provides detailed information about our net cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Operating Activities  

Net cash provided by
operating activities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $0.4 million, consisting of net income
of $1.4 million, net changes in our operating assets and liabilities, which mainly included an increase in accounts receivable
of $1.4 million, reduction in inventory of $0.6 million and repayment in advances to suppliers of $0.4 million. Net cash provided
by operating activities during the three months ended September 30, 2015 was approximately $5.7 million, consisting of net income
of $1.5 million and net changes in our operating assets and liabilities, which mainly included collection in accounts receivable
of $2.4 million, reduction in inventory of $1.0 million and decrease in advance to suppliers of $0.4 million. 

Investing Activities  

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in investing activities amounted to $284 as compared to net cash provided by investing
activities of $158,979 for the same period of 2015. The decrease in net cash provided by investing activities was primarily due
to collections on loans to related parties of $130,495, partially offset by loan advances to third parties of $108,648 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Financing Activities  

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities amounted to $6,330,556, as opposed to net cash provided by
financing activities of $93,452 for the same period of 2015. The increase of $6,237,104 in net cash provided by financing activities
was primarily due to net proceeds from our initial public offering of $6,238,393 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 3.     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

As a small reporting company, we are
not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 4.     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

(a)      Evaluation of Controls
and Procedures   

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that the information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on our review, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable
assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report due to following material weaknesses: 

Lack of full-time U.S. GAAP personnel in the accounting department to monitor
the recording of the transactions; 

Lack of segregation of duties for accounting personnel who prepared and reviewed the
journal entries. 

In order to address
the above material weaknesses, our management plans to take the following steps: 

Recruiting sufficient qualified professionals with appropriate levels of knowledge
and experience to assist in reviewing and resolving accounting issues in routine or complex transactions. To mitigate the reporting
risks, we engaged an outside professional consulting firm to supplement our efforts to improve our internal control over financial
reporting; 

Improving the communication between management, board of directors and the Chief
Financial Officer; and 

Obtaining proper approval for other significant and non-routine transactions from
the Board of Directors. 

The Company believes
the foregoing measures will remediate the identified material weaknesses in future periods. The Company is committed to monitoring
the effectiveness of these measures and making any changes that are necessary and appropriate. 

(b)      Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting   

There have been no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting during our third fiscal quarter of 2016. Because of its inherent limitations,
a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting may vary over time. Our
system contains self-monitoring mechanisms, and actions are taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   

From time to time, we may be subject to
legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any litigation the outcome of
which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition.  

ITEM 1A.     RISK FACTORS.   

As a smaller reporting company, we are not
required to provide the information otherwise required by this Item.  

ITEM 2.     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   

None. 

ITEM 3.     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   

None. 

ITEM
4.     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.     OTHER INFORMATION.   

On November 4, 2016 the Company moved its
executive offices to Room 1001, Building T5, DaZu Square, Daxing District, Beijing. 

ITEM
6.     EXHIBITS   

* Filed herewith. 

(1)  
      Incorporated by reference to the Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 1, 2015.   

(2)  
      Incorporated by reference to the Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company with the SEC on January 27, 2016.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

SHINECO, INC.    

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Yuying Zhang   

Yuying Zhang   

Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Sam Wang   

Sam Wang   

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452748_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

  and Securities and Exchange Commission
Release 34-46427  

I, Yuying Zhang, certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Shineco,
Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Yuying Zhang   

Yuying Zhang   

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452748_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

  and Securities and Exchange Commission
Release 34-46427  

I, Sam Wang, certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Shineco,
Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Sam Wang   

Sam Wang   

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452748_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with this Form 10-Q report of Shineco, Inc. for
the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof and pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Yuying Zhang, certify that: 

(1) This report containing the financial
statements fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the this
period report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Shineco, Inc. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Yuying Zhang   

Yuying Zhang   

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452748_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with this Form 10-Q report of Shineco, Inc. for
the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof and pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Sam Wang, certify that: 

(1) This report containing the financial
statements fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the this
period report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Shineco, Inc. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Sam Wang   

Sam Wang   

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cik0001300734-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik0001300734-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cik0001300734-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik0001300734-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik0001300734-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik0001300734-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

