<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_730272_0001193125-16-758650_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4716088</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108925</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>318477</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>656050</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2263794</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1198371</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-758650.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103143406
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-758650
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REPLIGEN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730272
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				042729386
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14656
		FILM NUMBER:		161971173

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		41 SEYON STREET
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 1, SUITE 100
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02453
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7814499560

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		41 SEYON STREET
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 1, SUITE 100
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02453

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-758650.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 d270155d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 000-14656        
       REPLIGEN
CORPORATION      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (781) 250-0111   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of  Regulation S-T  ( 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.):    Yes       No       Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of
the issuer s classes of common stock, as of October 28, 2016.      

Table of Contents  

     Table of Contents   

PAGE  

PART I 
   
   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
   
   Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three- and Nine-Month
Periods Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine-Month Periods Ended
 September 30, 2016 and 2015   

5 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

6 

Item 2.  
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

21 

Item 3.  
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

28 

Item 4.  
   
    Controls and Procedures   

28 

PART II  
   
    OTHER INFORMATION   

29 

Item 1.  
   
    Legal Proceedings   

29 

Item 1A.  
   
    Risk Factors   

29 

Item 2.  
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

29 

Item 3.  
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

29 

Item 4.  
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

29 

Item 5.  
   
    Other Information   

29 

Item 6.  
   
    Exhibits   

30 

Signatures  

31 

2  

Table of Contents  

   REPLIGEN CORPORATION   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   REPLIGEN CORPORATION   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   REPLIGEN CORPORATION   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   REPLIGEN CORPORATION   
    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (Unaudited)      1. Basis of Presentation
    The consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared by Repligen Corporation (the  Company,   Repligen  or
 we ) in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), for Quarterly Reports on  Form 10-Q  and Article 10 of  Regulation S-X  and do not include all of the information and footnote disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. These consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2015.    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Repligen
Sweden AB ( Repligen Sweden ), Repligen GmbH (acquired as Atoll GmbH as of April 1, 2016 and renamed on September 20, 2016) and Repligen Singapore Pte. Ltd. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.    In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include all adjustments,
consisting of only normal, recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of results
to be expected for the entire year.     Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
 In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
 No. 2015-03,   Interest   Imputation of Interest (Topic 835): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   ASU 2015-03 
requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. The ASU became effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2015. The Company applied the amended presentation requirements in conjunction with its issuance of convertible senior notes in the second quarter of 2016.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), 
which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition , and creates a new Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Two adoption methods are
permitted: retrospectively to all prior reporting periods presented, with certain practical expedients permitted; or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially adopting the ASU recognized at the date of initial application. The adoption
of this ASU will include updates as provided under  ASU 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date 
 ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) 
 ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  and  ASU 2016-12, 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  The Company has not yet determined which adoption method it will utilize or the effect that the adoption of this guidance will
have on its consolidated financial statements.    In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2015-11, 
 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   ( ASU 2015-11 ).   ASU 2015-11  requires inventory be measured at the
lower of cost and net realizable value, and options that currently exist for market value be eliminated.  ASU 2015-11  defines net realizable value as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of
business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years with early
adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of  ASU 2015-11  to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)   ( ASU 2016-02 ).   ASU 2016-02  requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for most leases. Extensive quantitative and
qualitative disclosures, including significant judgments made by management, will be required to provide greater insight into the extent of revenue and expense recognized and expected to be recognized from existing contracts. The accounting applied
by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under the current standard. The standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach and provides for certain practical expedients. The ASU is effective for public entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company has not yet completed its assessment of the impact of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which aims to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities, classification of certain items on the statement of cash flows and accounting for forfeitures. The ASU is effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.
The Company intends to adopt the provisions of this ASU as of January 1, 2017; the Company does not expect the impact of this new standard to have a material effect on its 2017 consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 203): Classification
of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . ASU  No. 2016-15  addresses eight specific cash flow issues and clarifies their presentation and classification in the Statement of Cash Flows. ASU  No. 2016-15  is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and is to be applied retrospectively with early adoption permitted. The Company currently classifies payments up to the amount of
its contingent consideration liability recognized at the date of its acquisition of Refine Technology, LLC ( Refine ) as financing activities, with additional payments classified as operating activities. As a result, the Company does not
expect the adoption of  ASU 2016-15  to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.     2.
Acquisition of Atoll GmbH     On April 1, 2016, the Company s subsidiary Repligen Sweden acquired Atoll GmbH ( Atoll ) from UV-Cap
GmbH   Co. KG (the  Seller ) pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (the  Share Purchase Agreement ), dated as of March 31, 2016 (such acquisition, the  Atoll Acquisition ), by and among Repligen Sweden,
the Seller, and the Company, in its capacity as guarantor of the obligations of Repligen Sweden under the Share Purchase Agreement. The Atoll Acquisition was subject to certain closing conditions that did not occur until April 1, 2016. Payment
for the Atoll Acquisition was denominated in Euros but is reflected here in U.S. dollars for presentation purposes.    In connection with the Atoll
Acquisition, the Company issued and contributed 538,700 shares of the Company s common stock, par value of $0.01 per share valued at $14.1 million (the  Stock Consideration ) to Repligen Sweden through a transfer by the Company on
behalf of Repligen Sweden to fulfill Repligen Sweden s obligation to deliver the Stock Consideration under the Share Purchase Agreement. The issuance of the Stock Consideration was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the  Securities Act ), in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. The Stock Consideration was based on the fair value of the Company s common stock on April 1, 2016.
   This acquisition strengthened Repligen s bioprocessing business by adding a complementary extension to an existing product line while expanding its
direct sales presence worldwide. On September 20, 2016, Atoll changed its name to Repligen GmbH.    The Atoll Acquisition was accounted for as a
purchase of a business under ASC 805,  Business Combinations.  The total purchase price of the Atoll Acquisition was $25.3 million, consisting of an upfront cash payment of $10.2 million, less $74,000 as a result of the final determination
of working capital, issuance of the Stock Consideration, and a future potential milestone payment of $1.1 million if specific revenue growth targets are met for 2016. The $1.1 million potential contingent consideration had an initial probability
weighted fair value at the time of the closing of the Atoll Acquisition of approximately $952,000.     Consideration Transferred   
 The Company accounted for the Atoll Acquisition as the purchase of a business under U.S. GAAP. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets of Atoll
were recorded as of the acquisition date, at their respective fair values, and consolidated with those of Repligen. The fair value of the net assets acquired was approximately $25.3 million.  
 The preparation of the valuation required the use of significant assumptions and estimates. Critical estimates included, but were not limited to, future
expected cash flows, including projected revenues and expenses, and the applicable discount rates. These estimates were based on assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable. However, actual results may differ from these estimates.  
 The total consideration transferred follows (in thousands):      
 
      7  

Table of Contents  

  The fair value of contingent consideration was determined based upon a probability weighted analysis of expected
future milestone and settlement payments to be made to the Seller. The Company could make a contingent consideration payment of $1.1 million if specific revenue growth targets are met for 2016. The liability for contingent consideration is included
in current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and will be remeasured at each reporting period until the contingency is resolved. See Note 10   Accrued Liabilities for further details.  
 Acquisition related costs are not included as a component of consideration transferred, but are expensed in the periods in which the costs are incurred. The
Company incurred $1,262,000 in transaction costs related to the Atoll Acquisition. The transaction costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.  
  Fair Value of Net Assets Acquired     The allocation of
purchase price was based on the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of April 1, 2016. The components and allocation of the purchase price consists of the following amounts (in thousands):  
   
   Of the consideration paid, $5.3 million represents the fair value of customer relationships that will be amortized over the
determined useful life of 16 years and $2.2 million represents the fair value of developed technology that will be amortized over a determined useful life of 14 years. $57,000 represents the fair value of non-competition agreements and $11,000
represents the fair value of trademarks and trade names that will be amortized over a determined useful life of 2 years. The aforementioned intangible assets will be amortized on a straight-line basis.  
 The assessment of fair value is preliminary and is based on information that was available to management at the time the condensed consolidated financial
statements were prepared. The Company is finalizing its valuation of fixed assets and deferred tax assets related to net operating losses acquired; accordingly, such amounts may be subject to change.  
  3. Revenue Recognition      Product Sales   
 The Company s revenue recognition policy is to recognize revenues from product sales and services in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue
Recognition . These standards require that revenues are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, product delivery, including customer acceptance when required, has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed
or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of whether these criteria have been met are based on management s judgments primarily regarding the fixed nature of the fee charged for the product delivered and the
collectability of those fees. The Company has a few longstanding customers who comprise the majority of revenue and have excellent payment histories and therefore the Company does not require collateral. The Company has had no significant write-offs
of uncollectible invoices in the periods presented. When more than one element such as equipment, consumables, and services are contained in a single arrangement, the Company allocates revenue between the elements based on each element s
relative selling price, provided that each element meets the criteria for treatment as a separate unit of accounting. An item is considered a separate unit of accounting if it has value to the customer on a stand-alone basis. The selling price of
the undelivered elements is determined by the price charged when the element is sold separately, or in cases when the item is not sold separately, by third-party evidence of selling price or management s best estimate of selling price.  
 The Company s product revenues are from the sale of bioprocessing products, equipment devices, and related consumables used with these equipment devices
to customers in the life science and biopharmaceutical industries. On product sales to end customers, revenue  
      8  

Table of Contents  

is recognized, net of discounts, when both the title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer, as determined by the shipping terms provided there are no uncertainties regarding
acceptance, and all obligations have been completed. Generally, our product arrangements for equipment sales are multiple element arrangements, and may include services, such as installation and training, and multiple products, such as consumables
and spare parts. In accordance with  ASC 605-25,  based on terms and conditions of the product arrangements, the Company believes that these services and undelivered products can be accounted for separately
from the delivered product element, as the delivered products have value to our customers on a standalone basis. Accordingly, revenue for services not yet performed at the time of product shipment are deferred and recognized as such services are
performed. The relative selling price of any undelivered products is also deferred at the time of shipment and recognized as revenue when these products are delivered. For product sales to distributors, the Company recognizes revenue for both
equipment and consumables upon delivery to the distributor unless direct shipment to the end user is requested. In this case, revenue is recognized upon delivery to the end user s location. In general, distributors are responsible for shipment
to the end customer along with installation, training and acceptance of the equipment by the end customer. Sales to distributors are not contingent upon resale of the product.  
 At the time of sale, the Company also evaluates the need to accrue for warranty and sales returns. The supply agreements the Company has with its customers
and the related purchase orders identify the terms and conditions of each sale and the price of the goods ordered. Due to the nature of the sales arrangements, inventory produced for sale is tested for quality specifications prior to shipment. Since
the product is manufactured to order and in compliance with required specifications prior to shipment, the likelihood of sales return, warranty or other issues is largely diminished. Furthermore, there is no customer right of return in our sales
agreements. Sales returns and warranty issues are infrequent and have not had a material impact on the Company s financial statements historically.  
 Shipping and handling fees are recorded as a component of product revenue, with the associated costs recorded as a component of cost of product revenue.  
  Therapeutics Licensing Agreements     Activities under
licensing agreements are evaluated in accordance with  ASC 605-25  to determine if they represent a multiple element revenue arrangement. The Company identifies the deliverables included within the
agreement and evaluates which deliverables represent separate units of accounting. The Company accounts for those components as separate units of accounting if the following two criteria are met:  

The delivered item or items have value to the customer on a stand-alone basis; and        

If there is a general right of return relative to the delivered items, delivery or performance of the undelivered items is considered probable and within the Company s control.    
 Factors considered in this determination include, among other things, whether any other vendors sell the items separately and if the licensee could use the
delivered item for its intended purpose without the receipt of the remaining deliverables. If multiple deliverables included in an arrangement are separable into different units of accounting, the Company allocates the arrangement consideration to
those units of accounting. The amount of allocable arrangement consideration is limited to amounts that are fixed or determinable. Arrangement consideration is allocated at the inception of the arrangement to the identified units of accounting based
on their relative selling price. Revenue is recognized for each unit of accounting when the appropriate revenue recognition criteria are met.    Future
milestone payments, if any, under a license agreement will be recognized under the provisions of  ASC 605-28,  which the Company adopted on January 1, 2011. The Company has elected to recognize a
payment that is contingent upon the achievement of a substantive milestone in its entirety in the period in which the milestone is achieved. A milestone is substantive if:      

It can only be achieved based in whole or in part on either the Company s performance or the occurrence of a specific outcome resulting from the Company s performance;    

There is substantive uncertainty at the date an arrangement is entered into that the event will be achieved; and        

It would result in additional payments being due to the entity.      The commercial milestone payments and royalty
payments received under license agreements, if any, will be recognized as revenue when they are earned.     Sale of Intellectual Property to BioMarin
    In January 2014, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (the  BioMarin Asset Purchase Agreement ) with BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Inc. ( BioMarin ) to sell Repligen s histone deacetylase inhibitor (HDACi) portfolio. Pursuant to the terms of the BioMarin Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company received $2.0 million from BioMarin as an upfront payment on
January 30, 2014 and a $125,675 payment on September 3, 2014 upon completion of the Technology Transfer. The Company is entitled to receive up to  
      9  

Table of Contents  

$160 million in potential future milestone payments for the development, regulatory approval and commercial sale of portfolio compounds included in the agreement. These potential milestone
payments are approximately 37% related to clinical development and 63% related to initial commercial sales in specific geographies. In addition, Repligen is eligible to receive royalties on sales of therapeutic products originating from the HDACi
portfolio. The royalty rates are tiered and begin in the mid-single-digits for the first HDACi portfolio product and for the first non-HDACi portfolio product with lesser amounts for any backup products developed under the BioMarin Asset Purchase
Agreement. The Company s receipt of these royalties is subject to customary offsets and deductions. There are no refund provisions in this agreement. Any milestones earned upon specified clinical development or commercial sales events or future
royalty payments, under the BioMarin Asset Purchase Agreement will be recognized as revenue when they are earned.    Activities under this agreement were
evaluated in accordance with ASC 605-25 to determine if they represented a multiple element revenue arrangement. The Company identified the following deliverables in the BioMarin Asset Purchase Agreement:  

The assignment by the Company to BioMarin of its intellectual property rights in the HDACi portfolio and the Scripps Agreement (the  Transferred Assets  and    

The transfer of certain notebooks, data, documents, biological materials (if any) and other such documents in our possession that might be useful to further development of the program (the  Technology
Transfer ).      Two criteria must be met in order for a deliverable to be considered a separate unit of accounting. The first criterion
requires that the delivered item or items have value to the customer on a stand-alone basis. The second criterion, which relates to evaluating a general right of return, is not applicable because such a provision does not exist in the BioMarin Asset
Purchase Agreement. The deliverables outlined above were deemed to have stand-alone value and to meet the criteria to be accounted for as separate units of accounting. Factors considered in this determination included, among other things,
BioMarin s right under the agreement to assign the Transferred Assets, whether any other vendors sell the items separately and if BioMarin could use the delivered item for its intended purpose without the receipt of the remaining deliverables.
If multiple deliverables included in an arrangement are separable into different units of accounting, the multiple-element arrangements guidance addresses how to allocate the arrangement consideration to those units of accounting. The amount of
allocable arrangement consideration is limited to amounts that are fixed or determinable. Arrangement consideration is allocated at the inception of the arrangement to the identified units of accounting based on their relative selling price.  
 The Company identified the arrangement consideration to allocate among the units of accounting as the $2.0 million non-refundable up-front payment and the
$125,675 payment to be received upon completion of the Technology Transfer. The Company excluded the potential milestone payments provided for in the BioMarin Asset Purchase Agreement from the arrangement consideration as they were not considered
fixed or determinable at the time the BioMarin Asset Purchase Agreement was signed. Because Repligen had not sold these items on a standalone basis previously, the Company had no vendor-specific objective evidence of selling price. Furthermore, the
Company did not have detailed third-party evidence of selling price, and as a result the Company used its best estimate of selling price for each item. In determining these prices, the Company considered what it would be willing to sell the items
for on a standalone basis, what the market would bear for such items and what another party might charge for these items.    The up-front arrangement
consideration allocated to the Transferred Assets was recognized upon execution of the BioMarin Asset Purchase Agreement as the risks and rewards associated with the Transferred Assets transferred at that time. The Company used a discounted cash
flow analysis to determine the value of the Transferred Assets. Key assumptions in the analysis included: the estimated market size for a compound targeted at Friedreich s Ataxia, the estimated remaining costs of development and time to
commercialization, and the probability of successfully developing and commercializing the program. Based on this analysis, the Company allocated $2,115,000 to the value of the Transferred Assets. However, as the recognized revenue is limited to the
non-contingent consideration received, the Company recognized $2 million, the amount of the up-front payment, as revenue in the three months ended March 31, 2014.  
 In addition to the $2.1 million up-front payment, the Company is also eligible to receive up to $160 million in potential milestone payments from BioMarin
comprised of:      

Up to $60 million related to the achievement of specified clinical and regulatory milestone events; and        

Up to $100 million related to the achievement of specified commercial sales events, specifically the first commercial sale in specific territories.    
 The Company evaluated the potential milestones in accordance with ASC 605-28, which allows an entity to make an accounting policy election to recognize a
payment that is contingent upon the achievement of a substantive milestone in its entirety in the period in which the milestone is achieved. This evaluation included an assessment of the risks that must be overcome to achieve the respective
milestone as well as whether the achievement of the milestone was due in part to our initial clinical work, the level of effort and investment required to achieve the respective milestone and whether the milestone consideration is reasonable
relative to all deliverables and payment terms in the arrangement. There is considerable judgment involved in determining whether a milestone satisfies all of the criteria required to conclude that a milestone is substantive. Milestones that are not
considered substantive are recognized as earned if there are no remaining performance obligations or over the remaining period of performance, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The Company believes that the $60 million of specified clinical and regulatory milestone payments are
substantive. Therefore, any such milestones achieved will be recognized as revenue when earned.    Any milestones achieved upon specified commercial sales
events or future royalty payments are considered contingent revenue under the BioMarin Asset Purchase Agreement, and will be recognized as revenue when they are earned as there are no undelivered elements remaining and no continuing performance
obligations under the arrangement.     4. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   
 The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income by component (in thousands):  
   
    5. Earnings Per Share   
 The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260,  Earnings Per Share,  which establishes standards for computing and
presenting earnings per share. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by
dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive common share equivalents then outstanding. Potential common share equivalents consist of restricted stock awards and the incremental
common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options. Under the treasury stock method, unexercised  in-the-money  stock options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period or at issuance, if later. The
assumed proceeds are then used to purchase common shares at the average market price during the period. Share-based payment awards that entitle their holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities
and are considered in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share. There were no such participating securities outstanding during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding were as follows:      
   At September 30, 2016, there were outstanding options to purchase 1,198,673 shares of the Company s common stock at
a weighted average exercise price of $12.03 per share. For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, 253,754 and 348,608 options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, were excluded from the
calculation of diluted earnings per share because the exercise prices of the stock options were greater than or equal to the average price of the common shares, and were therefore anti-dilutive. The Company has excluded the effects of its
convertible senior notes issued in May 2016 on earnings per share, as it is the Company s intent to settle these notes in cash.    At
September 30, 2015, there were outstanding options to purchase 1,252,356 shares of the Company s common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $10.47 per share. For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015,
163,459 and 170,891 shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the exercise prices of the stock options were greater than or equal to the average price of the
common shares, and were therefore anti-dilutive.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   6. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities   
 At September 30, 2016, the Company s investments included money market funds and short-term marketable securities. At December 31, 2015, the
Company s investments included money market funds, short-term and long-term marketable securities. These marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale. Marketable securities are investments with original maturities of greater than
90 days. Long-term marketable securities are securities with maturities of greater than one year. The average remaining contractual maturity of marketable securities at September 30, 2016 was approximately 6.1 months.  
 Management reviewed the Company s investments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and concluded that there are no securities with
other than temporary impairments in the investment portfolio. The Company does not intend to sell any investments in an unrealized loss position, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before
recovery of their amortized cost bases.    Investments in marketable securities consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  
   
   There were no long-term marketable securities as of September 30, 2016.  
 At September 30, 2016, the Company s investments included three securities in unrealized loss positions with a total unrealized loss of
approximately $1,000 and a total fair market value of approximately $1,415,000. All investments with gross unrealized losses have been in unrealized loss positions for less than 12 months. The unrealized losses were caused primarily by current
economic and market conditions. There was no change in the credit risk of the securities. There were no realized gains or losses on the investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 Investments in marketable securities consisted of the following at December 31, 2015 (in thousands):  
   
   The contractual maturities of all money market funds and marketable securities are less than one year as of September 30,
2016.     7. Inventories     Inventories relate to the
Company s bioprocessing business. The Company values inventory at cost or, if lower, market value, using the first-in, first-out method. The Company reviews its inventories at least quarterly and records a provision for excess and obsolete
inventory based on its estimates of expected sales volume, production capacity and expiration dates of raw materials, work-in-process and finished products. Expected sales volumes are determined based on supply forecasts provided by key customers
for the next 3 to  
      12  

Table of Contents  

12 months. The Company writes down inventory that has become obsolete, inventory that has a cost basis in excess of its expected net realizable value, and inventory in excess of expected
requirements to cost of product revenue. Manufacturing of bioprocessing finished goods is done to order and tested for quality specifications prior to shipment. Reserves for excess and obsolete inventory were approximately $476,000 at
September 30, 2016 and $343,000 at December 31, 2015.    A change in the estimated timing or amount of demand for the Company s products
could result in additional provisions for excess inventory quantities on hand. Any significant unanticipated changes in demand or unexpected quality failures could have a significant impact on the value of inventory and reported operating results.
During all periods presented in the accompanying financial statements, there have been no material adjustments related to a revised estimate of inventory valuations.  
 Work-in-process and finished products inventories consist of material, labor, outside processing costs and manufacturing overhead. Inventories consist of the
following (in thousands):      
    8. Property, Plant and Equipment   
 Property, plant and equipment consist of the following (in thousands):      
   Depreciation expense totaled approximately $2,360,000 and $2,251,000 for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively.     9. Intangible Assets   
 Intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives using the straight-line method, as applicable, and the amortization expense is recorded within selling,
general and administrative expense in the Company s statements of comprehensive income (loss).    During the third quarter of 2016, the Company
launched its XCell  ATF single-use product line. The Company performed an assessment of the in-process research and development assets and their estimated useful lives to determine if any circumstances exist that would result in an impairment.
The Company has determined that the fair value of these intangible assets exceeds their carrying values and are therefore not impaired; accordingly, the Company reclassified in-process research and development intangible assets to developed
technology and began to amortize these intangible assets in the third quarter of 2016.    The Company reviews its indefinite-lived intangible assets not
subject to amortization to determine if adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances exists that would indicate an impairment. Intangible assets and their related useful lives are reviewed at least annually to determine if any adverse
conditions exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. More frequent impairment assessments are conducted if certain conditions exist, including a change in the competitive landscape, any internal decisions
to pursue new or different technology strategies, a loss of a significant customer, or a significant change in the marketplace, including changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products. An
impairment results if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. If the estimate of an intangible asset s remaining useful life is changed, the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized
prospectively over the revised remaining useful life. The Company continues to believe that its intangible assets are recoverable at September 30, 2016.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  Intangible assets consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  
   
   Intangible assets consisted of the following at December 31, 2015 (in thousands):  
   
   Amortization expense for amortized intangible assets was approximately $1,484,000 and $1,201,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the Company expects to record amortization expense as follows (in thousands):      
    10. Accrued Liabilities   
 Accrued liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):      
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

   11. Long Term Debt   
 The carrying value of the Company s convertible senior notes is as follows:      
   On May 24, 2016, the Company issued $115 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes
due 2021 (the  Notes ). The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other related offering expenses, were approximately $111.1 million. The Notes bear interest at the rate of
2.125% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2016.    The Notes will
mature on June 1, 2021, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms. Prior to March 1, 2021, the Notes will be convertible at the option of holders of the Notes only upon satisfaction of certain
conditions and during certain periods, and thereafter, the notes will be convertible at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. Upon conversion, holders of the Notes will
receive shares of the Company s common stock, cash or a combination thereof, at the Company s election. It is the Company s current intent and policy to settle all conversions through combination settlement, which involves satisfying
the principal amount outstanding with cash and any note conversion value over the principal amount in shares of the Company s common stock.    The
conversion rate for the Notes will initially be 31.1813 shares of the Company s common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $32.07 per common share, and is subject to
adjustment under the terms of the Notes. Holders of the Notes may require the Company to repurchase their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change prior to maturity for cash at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the
Notes to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date.    The Company will not have the right to redeem
the Notes prior to June 5, 2019, but may redeem the Notes, at its option, in whole or in part, on any business day on or after June 5, 2019 and prior to the maturity date if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock
has been at least 130% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which
the Company provides written notice of redemption. The redemption price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
 The Notes contain customary terms and events of default. If an event of default (other than certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization
involving the Company) occurs and is continuing, the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare 100% of the principal of, and any accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes to be due and payable.
Upon the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving the Company, 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the Notes will become due and payable automatically. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Notes provide that, to the extent the Company elects and for up to 270 days, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants consist exclusively of the
right to receive additional interest on the Notes. The Company is not aware of any events of default, current events or market conditions that would allow holders to call or convert the Notes as of September 30, 2016.  
 The cash conversion feature of the Notes required bifurcation from the Notes and was initially accounted for as an equity instrument classified to
stockholders  equity, as the conversion feature was determined to be clearly and closely related to the Company s stock. Based on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same
industry and asset base and with similar maturity, the Company estimated the implied interest rate, assuming no conversion option. Assumptions used in the estimate represent what market participants would use in pricing the liability component,
including market interest rates, credit standing, and yield curves, all of which are defined as Level 2 observable inputs. The estimated implied interest rate was applied to the Notes, which resulted in a fair value of the liability component of
$96,289,000 upon issuance, calculated as the present value of implied future payments based on the $115 million aggregate principal amount. The equity component of the Notes was recognized as a debt discount, recorded in additional paid-in capital,
and represents the difference between the aggregate principal of the Notes and the fair value of the Notes without conversion option on their issuance date. The debt discount is amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method
over five years, or the life of the Notes. The Company assesses the equity classification of the cash conversion feature quarterly, and it is not remeasured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  Interest expense recognized on the Notes during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 includes
$611,000, $798,000 and $140,000 for the contractual coupon interest, the accretion of the debt discount and the amortization of the debt issuance costs, respectively. Interest expense recognized on the Notes during the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016 includes $862,000, $1,123,000 and $197,000 for the contractual coupon interest, the accretion of the debt discount and the amortization of the debt issuance costs, respectively. The effective interest rate on the Notes
is 6.6%, which includes the interest on the Notes, amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the Notes was approximately $94.3 million and the fair value of the principal was
approximately $131.8 million. The fair value of the Notes was determined based on the most recent trade activity of the Notes as of September 30, 2016.  
  12. Stock-Based Compensation     For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of approximately $1,282,000 and $981,000, respectively, for share-based awards granted under the Second Amended and Restated 2001 Repligen Corporation Stock Plan
(the  2001 Plan ) and the Repligen Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the  2012 Plan,  and collectively with the 2001 Plan and the 1992 Repligen Corporation Stock Option Plan, the
 Plans ). The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of approximately $3,341,000 and $2,668,000 for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for share-based awards granted under the Plans.
   The following table presents stock-based compensation expense included in the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income (in
thousands):      
   The 2012 Plan allows for the granting of incentive and nonqualified options to purchase shares of common stock, restricted
stock and other equity awards. Incentive options granted to employees under the Plans generally vest over a three to five-year period, with 20%-33% vesting on the first anniversary of the date of grant and the remainder vesting in equal yearly
installments thereafter. Nonqualified options issued to non-employee directors under the Plans generally vest over one year. Options granted under the Plans have a maximum term of ten years from the date of grant and generally, the exercise price of
the stock options equals the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. At September 30, 2016, options to purchase 1,198,673 shares were outstanding under the Plans. At September 30, 2016, 1,929,834 shares
were available for future grant under the 2012 Plan.    The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair value of stock option
awards on the grant date, and the Company uses the value of the common stock as of the grant date to value restricted stock units. The Company measures stock-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the estimated fair value of the award,
and recognizes awards with service based vesting as expense over the employee s requisite service period on a straight-line basis. The Company has no awards that are performance-based or subject to market conditions. The Company recognizes
stock-based compensation expense for options that are ultimately expected to vest, and accordingly, such compensation expense has been adjusted for estimated forfeitures.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

  Information regarding option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 under the Plans is
summarized below:      

(1) 
 This represents the number of vested options as of September 30, 2016 plus the number of unvested options expected to vest as of September 30, 2016 based on the unvested outstanding options at
September 30, 2016 adjusted for estimated forfeiture rates of 8% for awards granted to non-executive level employees and 3% for awards granted to executive level employees.    
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference between the closing price of the common stock on
September 30, 2016 of $30.19 and the exercise price of each in-the-money option) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on September 30, 2016.  
 The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $20.80 and $22.41,
respectively. The total fair value of stock options that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $2,905,000 and $1,862,000, respectively.  
 As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $9,276,000 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based awards. This
cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining requisite service period of 2.9 years. The Company expects 683,148 unvested options to vest over the next five years.  
  13. Income Taxes     The Company s effective tax rate
for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was 47.8% and 34.3%, respectively, compared to 31.0% and 25.8%, respectively, for the corresponding periods in the prior year. For the current three- and nine-month periods, the
effective tax rate was higher than the U.S. statutory tax rate of 34% primarily due to unbenefited domestic losses, partially offset by lower statutory tax rates in foreign jurisdictions. For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015, the effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 34% primarily due to the lower statutory tax rate in Sweden, partially offset by unbenefited domestic losses.  
 As of December 31, 2015, the Company had U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $46,984,000 and U.S. business tax credit carryforwards of
approximately $1,920,000 available to reduce future federal income taxes, if any. The net operating loss and business tax credits carryforwards will continue to expire at various dates through December 2035. Net operating loss carryforwards and
available tax credits are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and may be limited in the event of certain changes in the ownership interest of significant stockholders.  
 As of December 31, 2015, the Company concluded that realization of deferred tax assets in the United States beyond December 31, 2015 is not more
likely than not, and as such, the Company maintained a valuation allowance against the majority of its remaining deferred tax assets. As of September 30, 2016, the Company concluded that realization of deferred tax assets beyond
September 30, 2016 is not more likely than not, and as such, the Company maintained a valuation allowance against the majority of its remaining U.S. deferred tax assets.  
 As a result of the Company s acquisition of Atoll on April 1, 2016, the Company acquired intangible assets of approximately $7,561,000. Because the
amortization of these intangible assets is not deductible under German tax law, the Company recorded deferred tax liabilities of approximately $2,202,000 as part of the Atoll Acquisition. Additionally, the Company was able to retain net operating
losses of approximately $3,039,000. Accordingly, the Company recorded deferred tax assets of approximately $885,000 as part of the Atoll Acquisition.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The fiscal years ended December 31, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 are subject to examination by U.S. federal,
state, Germany and Sweden taxing authorities.     14. Fair Value Measurement   
 In determining the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company uses various valuation approaches. The Company employs a hierarchy for inputs used in
measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the
asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability and are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the source of inputs as follows:  

Level 1   
   
 Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access  

Level 2   
   
 Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active and models for which all significant inputs are
observable, either directly or indirectly  

Level 3   
   
 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement  
   The availability of observable inputs can vary among the various types of financial assets and liabilities. To the extent that
the valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the
fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for financial statement disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the overall fair
value measurement.    The Company s fixed income investments are comprised of obligations of U.S. government agencies and corporate marketable
securities. These investments have been initially valued at the transaction price and subsequently valued, at the end of each reporting period, utilizing third party pricing services or other market observable data. The pricing services utilize
industry standard valuation models, including both income and market based approaches and observable market inputs to determine value. These observable market inputs include reportable trades, benchmark yields, credit spreads, broker/dealer quotes,
bids, offers, current spot rates and other industry and economic events. At least annually, the Company validates the prices provided by third party pricing services by reviewing their pricing methods and matrices, obtaining market values from other
pricing sources, analyzing pricing data in certain instances and confirming that the relevant markets are active. The Company did not adjust or override any fair value measurements provided by the pricing services as of September 30, 2016.  
 The following fair value hierarchy table presents information about each major category of the Company s assets measured at fair value on a recurring
basis as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):      
   The Company has no other assets or liabilities for which fair value measurement is either required or has been elected to be
applied. The liabilities for contingent consideration are recorded in connection with the Refine and Atoll business combinations. The Company entered into a settlement agreement and remitted all remaining contingent consideration to BioFlash
Partners, LLC ( BioFlash ) in the third quarter of 2016. The contingent consideration related to Refine is valued using management s estimates of expected future milestone payments based on forecasted sales and a portion of any
receipts that might be received in connection with the resolution, withdrawal or settlement of certain patent disputes with a third party to be paid to Refine. The contingent consideration related to Atoll is valued using management s estimates
of expected future milestone payments based on forecasted sales. These valuations are Level 3 valuations, as the primary inputs are unobservable.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 are
primarily attributable to contingent consideration recorded at the date of the Atoll Acquisition in the amount of  836,000 (approximately $928,000), an increase to the expected 2016 Refine milestone payment of $3,156,000, an increase to the
expected 2016 Atoll milestone payment of  132,000 (approximately $148,000), a $4,350,000 milestone payment to Refine, a $130,000 minimum royalty payment made to BioFlash, and a final settlement payment of $500,000 to BioFlash, of which $301,000
was previously accrued as contingent consideration and $199,000 was previously accrued and recorded to selling, general and administrative expenses.    The
following table provides a rollforward of the fair value of contingent consideration (in thousands):      
   The following tables provide quantitative information associated with the fair value measurement of the Company s
contingent consideration related to Refine using Level 3 inputs (in thousands):      

Contingent Consideration  

Refine  

Fair value as of September 30, 2016  
    
 $5,175  
 
   Valuation technique  
    
  Probability-adjusted discounted cash flow   
 
   Remaining period in which milestones can be achieved  
    
 2016  
     
   The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of Refine s contingent consideration are the
probabilities of successful achievement of 2016 sales milestones. During the first nine months of 2016, the estimated fair value of the 2016 contingent payment was increased by $3,156,000 to $5,175,000 based on revised sales forecasts. Increases or
decreases in the Company s projected sales during the fourth quarter of 2016 may result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively, and could result in a reversal of the current accrual.  
 The following table provides quantitative information associated with the fair value measurement of the Company s contingent consideration related to
Atoll using Level 3 inputs (in thousands):      

Contingent Consideration  

Atoll  

Fair value as of September 30, 2016  
    
 $1,085  
 
   Valuation technique  
    
  Probability-weighted expected return method.   
 
   Remaining period in which milestones can be achieved  
    
 2016  
   The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of Atoll s contingent consideration are the
probabilities of successful achievement of 2016 sales milestones. The initial valuation of contingent consideration upon the Atoll Acquisition in April 2016 resulted in a fair value of  836,000 (approximately $928,000). The estimated fair value
of the contingent payment was increased by  132,000 (approximately $148,000) based on revised sales forecasts. Increases or decreases in the Company s projected sales during the fourth quarter of 2016 may result in a significantly higher
or lower fair value measurement, respectively, and could result in a reversal of the current accrual.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  In May 2016, the Company issued $115 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes due June 1,
2021. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the Notes was $94.3 million, net of unamortized
discount, and the fair value of the Notes was approximately $131.8 million. The fair value of the Notes was determined based on the most recent trade activity of the Notes as of September 30, 2016. The Notes are discussed in more
detail in Note 11,  Long Term Debt .      There were no re-measurements to fair value during the three months ended September 30, 2016
of financial assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis.     15. Commitments and Contingencies   
 Future minimum rental commitments under the Company s leases as of September 30, 2016 are as follows (in thousands):  
   
    16. Segment Reporting   
 The Company views its operations, makes decisions regarding how to allocate resources and manages its business as one operating segment. As a result, the
financial information disclosed herein represents all of the material financial information related to the Company s principal operating segment.  
 The following table represents the Company s total revenue by geographic area (based on the location of the customer):  
   
   Revenue from significant customers as a percentage of the Company s total revenue is as follows:  
   
   Significant accounts receivable balances as a percentage of the Company s total trade accounts receivable are as follows:

20  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      Overview     Repligen is a
bioprocessing company that develops, manufactures and markets innovative products and solutions used to manufacture biologic drugs. Biologics, or principally monoclonal antibodies, recombinant proteins, and vaccines, are manufactured through a
complex process involving the use of live cells to produce the drug, followed by multiple separation and purification processes. Our products are used in this process to enhance end product yields for the manufacturer while lowering costs and
reducing risks through increased process efficiencies.    For over twenty-five years, we have been a global market leader in native and recombinant forms of
Protein A, a critical reagent used in the downstream purification of therapeutic monoclonal antibodies, or mAbs, one of the largest and fastest-growing classes of biologic drugs on the market. Our Protein A ligands are a critical component of
Protein A resins currently used in the commercial production of over 50 mAbs, and in clinical stage production of over 350 investigational mAbs. In upstream bioprocessing, where a biologic drug product is grown in bioreactors, we supply several
growth factor products used to supplement cell culture media and enhance cell productivity. Our XCell  ATF filtration systems, which now include a commercial single-use version are also used upstream to increase cell retention and accelerate
cell productivity, resulting in significantly higher product yield from a bioreactor. In downstream bioprocessing, where the biologic drug product is separated and purified, we develop and market our innovative OPUS    line of chromatography columns for use in bench-scale through clinical production-scale purification. We deliver OPUS    pre-packed with
chromatography resins of our customers  choice, and customized to their size requirements. In the industry, OPUS    is one of the leading  single-use  technologies that are being
adopted for their convenience, flexibility and reliability as biomanufacturers seek ways to increase productivity while reducing facility size and cost. In October 2016, we introduced to the market
OPUS    R, which are OPUS    pre-packed columns with an innovative side port for recovering chromatography resin from inside the column
allowing our customers to re-use the unpacked resin in other applications. The unpacking port feature will be available in the first quarter of 2017 on our largest production-scale OPUS   
columns; we refer to these as our OPUS    45R and OPUS    60R columns.  
 We generally manufacture and sell Protein A ligands through long-term supply agreements, and we sell our XCell  ATF and OPUS    lines directly to end users (biopharmaceutical developers and contract manufacturing organizations) worldwide. Our growth factor products are sold through a distribution agreement with
MilliporeSigma under which we co-promote LONG   R3 IGF-1 and other growth factors in our portfolio. We refer to these activities as our bioprocessing business. Our manufacturing facilities are
located in the United States, Sweden and Germany.    Through strategic acquisitions and internal product development, we have expanded our portfolio of
products that we sell direct to end users. This expansion includes our acquisition of the Alternating Tangential Flow ( ATF ) System (now XCell  ATF) which we acquired under an asset purchase agreement with Refine Technology LLC, or
Refine, on June 2, 2014. This acquisition strengthened our upstream product portfolio and complements our growth factor portfolio. Additionally, on April 1, 2016, we acquired Atoll GmbH ( Atoll ), an innovator and manufacturer of
pre-packed chromatography columns used in process development and clinical manufacturing of biologic drugs, from UV-Cap GmbH   Co. KG. This acquisition strengthens and complements our growing
OPUS    product line, and provides an important customer-facing center in Central Europe.  
 Historically, we also conducted activities aimed at developing proprietary therapeutic drug candidates, often with a potential of entering into a
collaboration with a larger commercial stage pharmaceutical or biotechnology company in respect of these programs. As part of our strategic decision in 2012 to focus our efforts on our core bioprocessing business, we discontinued our clinical
development programs, and outlicensed those programs to biopharmaceutical companies, including BioMarin, under agreements that allow us to share in the potential commercialization of the subject compounds.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates     A
 critical accounting policy  is one which is both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and requires management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make
estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. For additional information, please see the discussion of our critical accounting policies in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations and our significant accounting policies in Note 2 to the Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

   Results of Operations   
  Revenues     Product revenues for the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:      
   Sales of bioprocessing products increased 24.5% and 27.1% in the current three- and nine-month
periods, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. This increase was primarily due to increases in orders for our chromatography columns and ATF products from our key bioprocessing customers. Sales of our bioprocessing
products are impacted by the timing of orders, development efforts at our customers or end-users and regulatory approvals for biologics that incorporate our products, which may result in significant quarterly fluctuations. Such quarterly
fluctuations are expected, but they may not be predictive of future revenue or otherwise indicate a trend.     Costs and operating expenses   
 Total costs and operating expenses for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were comprised of the following:  
   
   Cost of product revenue increased 33.1% and 39.2% in the current three- and nine-month periods,
respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. This increase is primarily due to the increased product revenues noted above and product mix. Gross margins may fluctuate in the fourth quarter of 2016 based on expected
production volume and product mix.    Research and development expenses increased 26.6% and 23.4% in the current three-
and nine-month periods, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. This increase is primarily related to the timing and scale of our bioprocessing product development projects. Expenses generally include personnel
costs, external development costs, supplies and other expenses related to our new products in development.    Selling, general and administrative expenses
increased 19.6% and 22.3% in the current three- and nine-month periods, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. This increase is primarily due to the continued buildout of our administrative
infrastructure to support future growth, the expansion of our customer-facing activities to drive sales of our bioprocessing products and approximately $1.3 million of costs incurred related to the acquisition of Atoll on April 1, 2016.  
 Contingent consideration fair value adjustments increased 189.7% and 56.9% in the current three- and nine-month periods,
respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. Fair value adjustments for contingent consideration are based on changes in the probabilities of achieving milestones and payments related to our acquisitions of Refine and
Atoll.     Investment income     Investment income for the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:      
   Investment income includes income earned on invested cash balances. Increases in investment income in the current three-
and nine-month periods, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year are mainly attributable to higher average invested cash balances related to the receipt of proceeds from our issuance of convertible senior notes in
May 2016.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

   Interest expense   
 Interest expense for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:  
   
   Increases in interest expense in the current three- and nine-month periods, respectively, compared to the corresponding
periods in the prior year are attributable to interest expense related to the issuance of convertible senior notes in May 2016.     Other expense   
 Other expense for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:  
   
   Increases in other expense in the current three- and nine-month periods, respectively, compared to the corresponding
periods in the prior year are primarily attributable to foreign currency losses related to amounts due from non-Swedish kronor-based customers and cash balances denominated in U.S. dollars and British pounds held by our Sweden operations.  
  Provision for income taxes     Provision for income taxes
for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:      
   Our effective tax rate for the current three- and nine-month periods was 47.8% and 34.3%, respectively, compared
to 31.0% and 25.8%, respectively, for the corresponding periods in the prior year. The effective tax rate in the current year is higher than the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to unbenefited domestic losses, partially offset by
lower statutory tax rates in foreign jurisdictions. The effective tax rate in the prior year is lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to lower statutory tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the tax treatment of contingent
consideration expense and related payments.      Non-GAAP Financial Measures    
 We provide non-GAAP adjusted income from operations, non-GAAP adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA as supplemental measures to GAAP measures regarding our
operating performance. These financial measures exclude the impact of certain acquisition related items and, therefore, have not been calculated in accordance with GAAP. A detailed explanation and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measures
to its most comparable GAAP financial measures are described below.    We include this financial information because we believe these measures provide a
more accurate comparison of our financial results between periods and more accurately reflect how management reviews its financial results. We excluded the impact of certain acquisition related items because we believe that the resulting charges do
not accurately reflect the performance of our ongoing operations for the period in which such charges are incurred.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

   Non-GAAP Adjusted Income from Operations   
 Non-GAAP adjusted income from operations is measured by taking income from operations as reported in accordance with GAAP and excluding acquisition costs and
contingent consideration expenses booked through our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The following is a reconciliation of income from operations in accordance with GAAP to non-GAAP adjusted income from operations for the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):      
    Non-GAAP Adjusted Net Income   
 Non-GAAP adjusted net income is measured by taking net income as reported in accordance with GAAP and excluding acquisition costs, contingent consideration
expenses and non-cash interest expense booked through our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The following is a reconciliation of net income in accordance with GAAP to non-GAAP adjusted net income for the three-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   The following is a reconciliation of net income in accordance with GAAP to non-GAAP adjusted net income for the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   Note that earnings per share amounts may not add due to rounding.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

   Adjusted EBITDA   
 Adjusted EBITDA is measured by taking net income as reported in accordance with GAAP, excluding investment income, interest expense, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, and excluding acquisition costs and contingent consideration expenses booked through our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The following is a reconciliation of net income in accordance with GAAP to adjusted EBITDA for
the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):      
     Liquidity and capital resources    
 We have financed our operations primarily through revenues derived from product sales, and research grants, proceeds and royalties from license arrangements, a
litigation settlement, sales of equity securities and issuance of debt. Our revenue for the foreseeable future will primarily be limited to our bioprocessing product revenue.  
 At September 30, 2016, we had cash and marketable securities of $178,711,000 compared to $73,407,000 at December 31, 2015. A deposit for leased
office space of $450,000 is classified as restricted cash and is not included in cash and marketable securities totals as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
 On April 1, 2016, pursuant to the terms of a Share Purchase Agreement dated as of March 31, 2016, Repligen Sweden AB, our wholly-owned subsidiary,
acquired Atoll from UV-Cap GmbH   Co. KG (the  Seller ). Under the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, Repligen Sweden paid to the Seller in consideration for all of the equity interests in Atoll a purchase price of
 7.8 million ($8.8 million) in cash (net of cash received) and 538,700 shares of our common stock. The Share Purchase Agreement includes a future contingent payment by Repligen Sweden to the Seller consisting of  1.0 million
($1.1 million) in cash if Atoll s revenue increases by a specified amount from calendar year 2015 to calendar year 2016.    On May 24, 2016, we
received net proceeds of $111.1 million from the issuance of our 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2021 (the  Notes ). The Notes bear interest at the rate of 2.125% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and
December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2016.    The Notes will mature on June 1, 2021, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or
converted in accordance with their terms. Prior to March 1, 2021, the Notes will be convertible at the option of holders of the Notes only upon satisfaction of certain conditions and during certain periods, and thereafter, the Notes will be
convertible at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. Upon conversion, holders of the Notes will receive shares of the Company s common stock, cash or a combination
thereof, at the Company s election.    The Company will not have the right to redeem the Notes prior to June 5, 2019, but may redeem the Notes, at
its option, in whole or in part, on any business day on or after June 5, 2019 and prior to the maturity date if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price then in effect for at
least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides written notice of redemption. The redemption price
will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

   Operating activities   
 For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, our operating activities provided cash of $5,567,000 reflecting net income of $6,651,000 and non-cash
charges totaling $12,148,000 including depreciation, amortization, non-cash interest expense, stock-based compensation charges, deferred tax expenses and the revaluation of contingent consideration. An increase in accounts receivable consumed
$3,270,000 of cash, and was primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from customers. An increase in inventories consumed $6,457,000 of cash to support future revenues. Decreases in accounts payable consumed $1,918,000 of cash, and were due
primarily due to purchasing activity and timing of cash payments to vendors. Payments of accrued liabilities consumed $2,389,000 of cash, and was mainly due to the payment of contingent consideration to Refine related to 2015 sales milestones.  
 For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, our operating activities provided cash of $11,701,000, reflecting net income of $9,080,000 and
non-cash charges totaling $8,461,000 mainly attributable to depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation charges and the revaluation of contingent consideration. An increase in accounts receivable consumed $2,767,000 of cash, and was
primarily due to a 38% increase in product revenues as well as timing of sales and payments from customers. Additionally, an increase in inventory consumed $4,051,000 of cash, and was due to increasing inventory levels to meet future production
requirements. The remaining cash flow used in operations resulted from net favorable changes in various other working capital accounts.     Investing
activities     We place our marketable security investments in high quality credit instruments as specified in our investment policy guidelines. Our
investing activities consumed $13,878,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. On April 1, 2016 we paid approximately $8.8 million as cash consideration for the acquisition of Atoll. Net purchases of marketable securities
consumed $1,694,000 of cash, and fixed asset additions consumed $3,462,000 of cash in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. Our investing activities provided $2,119,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 due to
net redemptions of marketable securities of $4,174,000 offset by $2,055,000 used for fixed asset additions.    Financing activities   
 For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our financing activities provided cash of $112,202,000 and $828,000, respectively. In May
2016, we received net proceeds of $111,100,000 from the issuance of the Notes. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, proceeds from exercises of $1,630,000 were partially offset by contingent consideration payments of $498,000
which stemmed from the initial valuation of the likelihood that the 2015 ATF sales milestone would be achieved. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, proceeds from exercises of $927,000 were partially offset by contingent
consideration payments of $99,000 which stemmed from the initial valuation of the likelihood that the 2014 ATF sales milestone would be achieved.   We do
not currently use derivative financial instruments.    Working capital increased by approximately $115,170,000 to $199,641,000 at September 30, 2016
from $84,471,000 at December 31, 2015 due to the issuance of the Notes and the various changes noted above.    Our future capital requirements will
depend on many factors, including the following:      

the expansion of our bioprocessing business;        

the ability to sustain sales and profits of our bioprocessing products;        

market acceptance of our new products;        

our ability to acquire additional bioprocessing products;        

the resources required to successfully integrate the acquisitions of Refine and Atoll and recognize expected synergies;        

our identification and execution of strategic acquisitions or business combinations;        

the scope of and progress made in our research and development activities;        

the extent of any share repurchase activity; and        

the success of any proposed financing efforts.      Absent acquisitions of additional products, product candidates
or intellectual property, we believe our current cash balances are adequate to meet our cash needs for the foreseeable future. We expect operating expenses in the year ending December 31, 2016 to increase as we continue to expand our
bioprocessing business. We expect to incur continued spending related to the development and  
      26  

Table of Contents  

expansion of our bioprocessing product lines and expansion of our commercial capabilities for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements may include, but are not limited to,
purchases of property, plant and equipment, the acquisition of additional bioprocessing products and technologies to complement our existing manufacturing capabilities, and continued investment in our intellectual property portfolio.  
 We plan to continue to invest in our bioprocessing business and in key research and development activities associated with the development of new
bioprocessing products. We actively evaluate various strategic transactions on an ongoing basis, including monetizing existing assets and licensing or acquiring complementary products, technologies or businesses that would complement our existing
portfolio of development programs. We continue to seek to acquire such potential assets that may offer us the best opportunity to create value for our shareholders. In order to acquire such assets, we may need to seek additional financing to fund
these investments. This may require the issuance or sale of additional equity or debt securities. The sale of additional equity may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. Should we need to secure additional financing to acquire a
product, fund future investment in research and development, or meet our future liquidity requirements, we may not be able to secure such financing, or obtain such financing on favorable terms because of the volatile nature of the biotechnology
marketplace.      Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    
 We do not have any special purpose entities or off-balance sheet financing arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  
   Contractual Obligations      As of September 30,
2016, we had the following fixed obligations and commitments:      

(1) 
 Primarily represents purchase orders for the procurement of raw material for manufacturing.    

(2) 
 Represents the current estimated fair value of contingent consideration amounts relating to the Refine and Atoll acquisitions. These amounts are recorded in accrued expenses on our consolidated balance sheets.
       Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q  do not constitute guarantees of future performance. Investors are cautioned that statements in this Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  which are not
strictly historical statements, including, without limitation, express or implied statements or guidance regarding current or future financial performance and position, potential impairment of future earnings, management s strategy, plans and
objectives for future operations or acquisitions, product development and sales, litigation strategy, product candidate research, development and regulatory approval, selling, general and administrative expenditures, intellectual property,
development and manufacturing plans, availability of materials and product and adequacy of capital resources and financing plans constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, including, without limitation, risks associated with: the success of current and future collaborative or supply relationships, including our agreements with
BioMarin, General Electric and MilliporeSigma, our ability to successfully grow our bioprocessing business, including as a result of acquisition, commercialization or partnership opportunities, and our ability to develop and commercialize products,
our ability to obtain required regulatory approvals, our compliance with all Food and Drug Administration regulations, our ability to obtain, maintain and protect intellectual property rights for our products, the risk of litigation regarding our
patent and other intellectual property rights, the risk of litigation with collaborative partners, our limited sales and marketing experience and capabilities, our limited manufacturing capabilities and our dependence on third-party manufacturers
and value-added resellers, our ability to hire and retain skilled personnel, the market acceptance of our products, reduced demand for our products that adversely impacts our future revenues, cash flows, results of operations and financial
condition, our ability to compete with larger, better financed life sciences companies, our history of losses and expectation of incurring losses, our ability to generate future revenues, our ability to successfully integrate Refine and Atoll, our
ability to raise additional capital to fund potential acquisitions, our volatile stock price, and the effects of our anti-takeover provisions. Further information on potential risk factors that could affect our financial results are included in the
filings made by us from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission including under the section entitled  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended
December 31, 2015 and in this Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q.   
      27  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK        Interest rate risk   
 We have investments in commercial paper, U.S. Government and agency securities as well as corporate bonds and other debt securities. As a result, we are
exposed to potential loss from market risks that may occur as a result of changes in interest rates, changes in credit quality of the issuer or otherwise.  
 We generally place our marketable security investments in high quality credit instruments, as specified in our investment policy guidelines. A hypothetical
100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in an approximate $106,000 decrease in the fair value of our investments as of September 30, 2016. We believe, however, that the conservative nature of our investments mitigates our
interest rate exposure, and our investment policy limits the amount of our credit exposure to any one issuer, (with the exception of U.S. agency obligations) and type of instrument. We do not expect any material loss from our marketable security
investments and therefore believe that our potential interest rate exposure is limited.     Foreign exchange risk   
 The reporting currency of the Company is U.S. dollars. Transactions by Repligen Sweden, a wholly-owned subsidiary, may be denominated in Swedish kronor,
British pound sterling, U.S. dollars, or Euros while the entity s functional currency is the Swedish krona. Transactions by Atoll, a wholly-owned subsidiary acquired by the Company on April 1, 2016, may be denominated in U.S. dollars or
Euros while the entity s functional currency is the Euro. Certain sales transactions made by the U.S. entity related to ATF system products are denominated in foreign currencies. Exchange gains or losses resulting from the translation between
the transactional currency and the functional currency are included in net income (loss). Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We currently do not seek to hedge this
exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates.      

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 The Company s management, with the participation of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on
such evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be
disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, on a timely basis, and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the
Company s principal executive officer and the Company s principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
  Changes in Internal Control     We acquired Atoll in the
second quarter of 2016. The financial results of Atoll are included in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the quarter then ended. The Atoll business represented approximately 10% of
our total assets as of September 30, 2016 and approximately $1.04 million and $45,000 of revenue and net income, respectively, for the quarter then ended. As this acquisition occurred in the second quarter of 2016, the scope of our assessment
of our internal control over financial reporting does not include Atoll. This exclusion is in accordance with the SEC s general guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from our scope in the year of
acquisition.    Other than the change noted above, there was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary
course of business. We are not currently aware of any such proceedings or claims that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       The matters discussed in this  Form 10-Q 
include forward-looking statements that involve risks or uncertainties. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but are based on various assumptions by management regarding future circumstances, over many of which Repligen has little
or no control. A number of important risks and uncertainties, including those identified under the caption  Risk Factors  in Item 1A in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended
December 31, 2015 and subsequent filings as well as risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. There are no material changes
to the Risk Factors described in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, in our Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the
three-month period ended March 31, 2016, and in our Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the three- and six-month periods ended June 30, 2016, other than as set forth below.  
  Future strategic transactions or acquisitions may require us to seek additional financing, which we may not be able to secure on favorable terms, if at
all.     We plan to continue a strategy of growth and development for our bioprocessing business, and we actively evaluate various strategic transactions
on an ongoing basis, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, technologies or businesses that would complement our existing portfolio of development programs. In order to complete such strategic transactions, we may need to seek
additional financing to fund these investments and acquisitions. Should we need to do so, we may not be able to secure such financing, or obtain such financing on favorable terms because of the volatile nature of the biotechnology marketplace. In
addition, future acquisitions may require the issuance or sale of additional equity or debt securities, which may result in additional dilution to our stockholders.      

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS       None.  

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       Not applicable.  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION       None.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS         (a) Exhibits    

Exhibit  
  Number   
    
    Document Description    

3.1 
    
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 30, 1992 and amended September 17, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Repligen Corporation s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q 
for the quarter ended September 30, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference).  

3.2 
    
 Amended and Restated By-Laws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Repligen Corporation s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2003 and incorporated herein
by reference).  

3.3 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated By-Laws (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Repligen Corporation s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed on December 20, 2011 and
incorporated herein by reference).  

3.4 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated By-Laws (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Repligen Corporation s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed on May 25, 2012 and incorporated
herein by reference).  

3.5 
    
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Repligen Corporation, effective as of May 16, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Repligen Corporation s Current Report on
 Form 8-K  filed on May 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).  

10.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Transitional Services and Separation Agreement, dated August 31, 2016, by and between Repligen and James R. Rusche, Ph.D. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Repligen Corporations Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed on September 2, 2016).  

31.1 + 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification.  

31.2 + 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification.  

32.1 * 
    
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101+ 
    
 The following materials from Repligen Corporation on  Form 10-Q  for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (xBRL):
(i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements, tagged as blocks of text.  

+ 
 Filed herewith.    

* 
 Furnished herewith.    
      30  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

REPLIGEN CORPORATION  

Date: November 3, 2016 

By: 
   
 / S / T ONY  J. H UNT   

Tony J. Hunt   

President and Chief Executive Officer  
  (Principal executive officer)  
  Repligen Corporation    

Date: November 3, 2016 

By: 
   
 / S / J ON  S NODGRES   

Jon Snodgres   

Chief Financial Officer  
  (Principal financial officer)  
  Repligen Corporation    
 
      31  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d270155dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Tony J. Hunt, certify
that:    1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Repligen Corporation;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    (b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ T ONY  J. H UNT   
 
  Tony J. Hunt   
 
    President and Chief Executive Officer  
  (Principal executive officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d270155dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Jon Snodgres, certify
that:    1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Repligen Corporation;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    (b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ J ON  S NODGRES   
 
  Jon Snodgres   
 
    Chief Financial Officer  
  (Principal financial officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d270155dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1*   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Repligen Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 3, 2016 

By: 
   
 / S / T ONY  J. H UNT   

Tony J. Hunt   

Chief Executive Officer and President  
  (Principal executive officer)    

Date: November 3, 2016 

By: 
   
 / S / J ON  S NODGRES   

Jon Snodgres   

Chief Financial Officer  
  (Principal financial officer)    

* 
 This certification shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be
incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 rgen-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rgen-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rgen-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rgen-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rgen-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rgen-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

