<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161122_10-Q_edgar_data_1327567_0001327567-16-000073_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5867958</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>277652</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>256940</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2202299</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2226297</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>758369</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>64</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001327567-16-000073.hdr.sgml : 20161122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121211531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001327567-16-000073
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Palo Alto Networks Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001327567
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER PERIPHERAL EQUIPMENT, NEC [3577]
		IRS NUMBER:				202530195
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35594
		FILM NUMBER:		162011631

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4401 GREAT AMERICA PARKWAY
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-753-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4401 GREAT AMERICA PARKWAY
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001327567-16-000073.txt : 20161122

10-Q
 1
 panw-10312016x10qq117.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
  _____________________  
  Form 10-Q 
   _____________________ 
  (Mark One)  
   For the quarterly period ended   October 31, 2016    
  or  
   For the transition period from             to               
  Commission File Number 001-35594  
  Palo Alto Networks, Inc.  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware 
    20-2530195 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
      4401 Great America Parkway 
  Santa Clara, California 95054 
  (Address of principal executive office, including zip code) 

(408) 753-4000  
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
                     Large accelerated filer 
    x 
    Accelerated filer 
      
      Non-accelerated filer 
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes          No     x    
  The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of   November 11, 2016   was   91,686,431  .                  

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

-   2   - 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
   
           ITEM 1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
      
  PALO     ALTO NETWORKS, INC. 
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited, in millions, except per share data) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  
   -   3   - 

Table of Contents  

PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC.  
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
  (Unaudited, in millions, except per share data)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  . 

-   4   - 

Table of Contents  

PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC.  
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (Unaudited, in millions) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  . 
  
   -   5   - 

Table of Contents  

PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC.  
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (Unaudited, in millions)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  . 
  
   -   6   - 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Description of Business 
  Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (the  Company,   we,   us,  or  our ), located in Santa Clara, California, was incorporated in March 2005 under the laws of the State of Delaware and commenced operations in April 2005. We offer a next-generation security platform that empowers enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure their organizations by safely enabling applications running on their networks and by preventing breaches that stem from targeted cyber attacks.  
  Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, consistent in all material respects with those applied in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016  , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016. Our condensed consolidated financial statements include our accounts and our wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
  Our condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited, but include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for a fair presentation of our quarterly results. We have made estimates and judgments affecting the amounts reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. The actual results that we experience may differ materially from our estimates. Certain prior period amounts have been adjusted as a result of our voluntary change in accounting policy for sales commissions and our adoption of new accounting guidance related to debt issuance costs. Refer to  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  and  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  below for more information.  
  Our condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016  . 
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  There have been no material changes to our significant accounting policies as of and for the three months ended   October 31, 2016  , as compared to the significant accounting policies described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016  , except for our voluntary change in accounting policy related to sales commissions discussed below. 
  Change in Accounting Policy for Sales Commissions 
  Effective August 1, 2016, we voluntarily changed our accounting policy for sales commissions that are incremental and directly related to non-cancelable customer sales contracts from recording an expense when incurred to deferral and amortization of the sales commissions over the term of the related contract in proportion to the recognized revenue. We believe this change in accounting policy is preferable as the direct and incremental commission costs are closely related to the associated revenue, and therefore should be deferred and recognized as an expense over the same period that the related revenue is recognized.  
  Short-term deferred commissions are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets, while long-term deferred commissions are included in other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The amortization of deferred commissions is included in sales and marketing expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
  The adoption of this accounting policy change has been applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in which the cumulative effect of the change of   $71.8 million   has been reflected in accumulated deficit as of August 1, 2015, the beginning of the earliest period presented. 
  
   -   7   - 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present the changes to financial statement line items as a result of the accounting change for the periods presented in our condensed consolidated financial statements (in millions, except per share data): 

This change in accounting policy does not affect our balance of cash and cash equivalents and, as a result, did not change net cash flows from operating, investing, or financing activities, or materially impact any individual line items presented in our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the three months ended October 31, 2015. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
  In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued new authoritative guidance on fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. The standard requires customers in a cloud computing arrangement to evaluate whether the arrangement includes a software license. If the arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. We adopted the guidance in our first quarter of fiscal 2017 on a prospective basis. Our adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued updated authoritative guidance to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. The amended standard requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, consistent with the presentation of debt discounts, instead of being presented as an asset. We adopted the guidance in our first quarter of fiscal 2017 on a retrospective basis, and as a result, we reduced other assets and convertible senior notes, net by   $8.0 million   on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of July 31, 2016. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  In October 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance requiring the recognition of income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. The standard is effective for us for our first quarter of fiscal  
  
   -   8   - 

     Table of Contents  

2019 and will be applied on a modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating whether this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued new authoritative guidance addressing eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain transactions are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for us for our first quarter of fiscal 2019 and will be applied on a retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating whether this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued new authoritative guidance on the accounting for credit losses on most financial assets and certain financial instruments. The standard replaces the existing incurred loss model with an expected credit loss model for financial assets measured at amortized cost, including trade receivables, and requires that credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down. The standard is effective for us for our first quarter of fiscal 2021 and will be applied on a modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted beginning our first quarter of fiscal 2020. We are currently evaluating whether this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance simplifying several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, accounting for forfeitures, and classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for us for our first quarter of fiscal 2018, however, early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating whether this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new authoritative guidance on lease accounting. Among its provisions, the standard requires lessees to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for operating leases and also requires additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures about lease arrangements. The standard is effective for us for our first quarter of fiscal 2020 and will be applied on a modified retrospective basis, with the option to elect certain practical expedients. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating whether this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued new authoritative guidance on revenue from contracts with customers. The new standard provides principles for recognizing revenue for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers with the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard also requires significantly expanded disclosures about revenue recognition. The FASB subsequently delayed the effective date of the standard by one year and as a result, the standard is now effective for us for our first quarter of fiscal 2019 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within the guidance; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per the guidance. Early adoption as of the original effective date is permitted. We are currently evaluating adoption methods and whether this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
  2  . Fair Value Measurements  
  We categorize assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on our condensed consolidated balance sheets based upon the level of judgment associated with inputs used to measure their fair value. The categories are as follows: 
             
    Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
                
    Level 2 Inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. 
                
    Level 3 Inputs are unobservable inputs based on our own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. The inputs require significant management judgment or estimation. 
     
   -   9   - 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities using the above input categories as of   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016   (in millions): 

Refer to Note   5  . Convertible Senior Notes for the carrying amount and estimated fair value of our convertible senior notes as of   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016  . 
   
  3. Investments 
  The following tables summarize the amortized cost, unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of our available-for-sale investments as of   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016   (in millions): 

Unrealized losses related to these investments are due to interest rate fluctuations as opposed to credit quality. In addition, we do not intend to sell and it is not likely that we would be required to sell these investments before recovery of their amortized cost  
  
   -   10   - 

     Table of Contents  

basis, which may be at maturity. As a result, there were no other-than-temporary impairments for these investments at   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016  . 
  The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of our available-for-sale investments as of   October 31, 2016  , by contractual years-to-maturity (in millions):  

4  . Derivative Instruments 
  As a global business, we are exposed to currency exchange rate risk. Substantially all of our revenue is transacted in U.S. dollars, however, a portion of our operating expenditures are incurred outside of the United States and are denominated in foreign currencies, making them subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We enter into foreign currency derivative contracts with maturities of   12 months   or less which we designate as cash flow hedges to manage the foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with these expenditures. 
  These derivative contracts expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the arrangement. We mitigate this credit risk by transacting with major financial institutions with high credit ratings and also enter into master netting arrangements, which permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. We are not required to pledge, and are not entitled to receive, cash collateral related to these derivative instruments. We do not enter into derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes.  
  Our derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value, on a gross basis, as either assets or liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Gains or losses related to the effective portion of our cash flow hedges are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ) in our condensed consolidated balance sheets and are reclassified into the financial statement line item associated with the underlying hedged transaction in our condensed consolidated statements of operations when the underlying hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. Any gains or losses related to the ineffective portion of our cash flow hedges are recorded immediately in other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. If it becomes probable that the hedged transaction will not occur, the cumulative unrealized gain or loss is reclassified immediately from AOCI into other income (expense), net. Gains or losses related to non-designated derivative instruments are recognized in other income (expense), net each period until the instrument matures, is terminated, is re-designated as a qualified cash flow hedge, or is sold. Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are classified in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows in the same manner as the underlying hedged transaction, primarily within cash flows from operating activities. 
  In August 2016, we entered into forward contracts to hedge the foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from our euro-denominated expenditures to be incurred during the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017. These forward contracts were designated as cash flow hedges. As of   October 31, 2016  , the total notional amount of our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts was   $63.8 million  . Refer to Note   2  . Fair Value Measurements for the total estimated fair value of our derivative instruments as of   October 31, 2016  .  
  During the three months ended October 31, 2016, we accumulated unrealized losses of   $1.1 million   in AOCI related to the effective portion of our cash flow hedges, substantially all of which we expect to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. The amounts reclassified into earnings related to our cash flow hedges were not significant for the three months ended October 31, 2016. 
   
  5  . Convertible Senior Notes 
  Convertible Senior Notes 
  On   June 30, 2014  , we issued   $575.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   0.0%   Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 (the  Notes ). The Notes mature on   July 1, 2019  , unless converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The Notes do not contain any financial covenants and we cannot redeem the Notes prior to maturity.  
  The Notes are convertible for up to   5.2 million   shares of our common stock at an initial conversion price of approximately   $110.28   per share of common stock, subject to adjustment. Holders of the Notes may surrender their Notes for conversion at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding   January 1, 2019  , only under the following circumstances: 
  
   -   11   - 

     Table of Contents  

if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least   20   trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of   30   consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to   130%   of the conversion price for the Notes on each applicable trading day (the  sale price condition  
                
    during the   five   business day period after any   five   consecutive trading day period, in which the trading price per   $1,000   principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than   98%   of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate for the Notes on each such trading day; or 
                
    upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 
     On or after January 1, 2019, holders may convert all or any portion of their Notes at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date regardless of the foregoing conditions. Upon conversion, holders will receive cash equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be converted, and, at our election, cash and/or shares of our common stock for any amounts in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being converted. 
  The sale price condition was not met during the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2016. Since the Notes were not convertible, the net carrying amount of the Notes and related debt issuance costs were classified as long-term liabilities and the equity component was included in additional paid-in capital in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of July 31, 2016. The sale price condition was met during the fiscal quarter ended   October 31, 2016  , and as a result, holders may convert their Notes at any time during the fiscal quarter ending January 31, 2017. Accordingly, the net carrying amount of the Notes and related debt issuance costs were reclassified into current liabilities and the portion of the equity component representing the conversion option was reclassified into temporary equity in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of October 31, 2016. The portion of the equity component classified as temporary equity is measured as the difference between the principal and net carrying amount of the Notes, excluding debt issuance costs.  
  The following table sets forth the components of the Notes as of   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016   (in millions): 

The total estimated fair value of the Notes was   $851.0 million   and   $761.9 million   at   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016  , respectively. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per $100 of the Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. We consider the fair value of the Notes at   October 31, 2016   and   July 31, 2016   to be a Level 2 measurement. The fair value of the Notes is primarily affected by the trading price of our common stock and market interest rates. As of   October 31, 2016  , the if-converted value of the Notes exceeded its principal amount by   $223.6 million  . 
  The following table sets forth interest expense recognized related to the Notes (dollars in millions): 

Note Hedges 
  To minimize the impact of potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions (the  Note Hedges ) with respect to our common stock concurrent with the issuance of the Notes. The Note Hedges cover up to   5.2 million   shares of our common stock and are exercisable upon conversion of the Notes. The Note Hedges will expire upon maturity of the Notes. The Note Hedges are separate transactions and are not part of the terms of the Notes. Holders of the Notes will not have any rights with respect to the Note Hedges. The shares receivable related to the Note Hedges are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as they are antidilutive. 
  
   -   12   - 

     Table of Contents  

Warrants 
  Separately, but concurrently with our issuance of the Notes, we entered into transactions whereby we sold warrants (the  Warrants ) to acquire up to   5.2 million   shares of our common stock at a strike price of approximately   $137.85   per share, subject to adjustments. The shares issuable under the Warrants will be included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share when the average market value per share of our common stock for the reporting period exceeds the strike price of the Warrants. The Warrants are separate transactions and are not part of the Notes or Notes Hedges, and are not remeasured through earnings each reporting period. Holders of the Notes and Note Hedges will not have any rights with respect to the Warrants. 
  For more information on the Notes, the Note Hedges, and the Warrants, refer to Note 7. Convertible Senior Notes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016  . 
   
  6  . Commitments and Contingencies 
  Leases 
  We lease our facilities under various non-cancelable operating leases, which expire through the year ending   July 31, 2028  .  
  The following table presents details of the aggregate future non-cancelable minimum rental payments under our operating leases as of   October 31, 2016   (in millions): 

Contract Manufacturer Commitments 
  Our independent contract manufacturer procures components and assembles our products based on our forecasts. These forecasts are based on estimates of demand for our products primarily for the next 12 months, which are in turn based on historical trends and an analysis from our sales and product marketing organizations, adjusted for overall market conditions. In order to reduce manufacturing lead times and plan for adequate supply, we may issue forecasts and orders for components and products that are non-cancelable. As of   October 31, 2016  , our purchase commitments under such orders were   $63.9 million  , excluding obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty.  
  Litigation 
  We are subject to legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including intellectual property litigation. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. We accrue for contingencies when we believe that a loss is probable and that we can reasonably estimate the amount of any such loss. 
  To the extent there is a reasonable possibility that a loss exceeding amounts already recognized may be incurred and the amount of such additional loss would be material, we will either disclose the estimated additional loss or state that such an estimate cannot be made. As of   October 31, 2016  , we have not recorded any significant accruals for loss contingencies associated with such legal proceedings, determined that an unfavorable outcome is probable or reasonably possible, or determined that the amount or range of any possible loss is reasonably estimable. 
   
  7. Stockholders  Equity 
  Share Repurchase 
  On August 26, 2016, our board of directors authorized a   $500.0 million   share repurchase which will be funded from available working capital. Repurchases may be made at management s discretion from time to time on the open market, through privately  
  
   -   13   - 

     Table of Contents  

negotiated transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, block purchase techniques, 10b5-1 trading plans, or a combination of the foregoing. The repurchase authorization will expire on August 31, 2018, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. During the three months ended October 31, 2016, we repurchased and retired   0.3 million   shares of our common stock under the authorization for an aggregate purchase price of   $50.0 million  . The total price of the shares repurchased and related transaction costs are reflected as a reduction to common stock and additional paid-in capital on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of October 31, 2016,   $450.0 million   remained available for future share repurchases under the repurchase authorization. 
   
  8. Equity Award Plans 
  Stock Option Activities 
  The following table summarizes the stock option activity under our stock plans during the reporting period (in millions, except per share amounts): 

Restricted Stock Unit ( RSU ), Restricted Stock Award ( RSA ), and Performance-Based Stock Award ( PSA ) Activities 
  During the three months ended October 31, 2016, we granted PSAs to our employees, which will vest over a period of four years from the date of grant. The actual number of PSAs earned and eligible to vest will be determined based on level of achievement against a pre-established billings target for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017, with a maximum of   0.2 million   shares issuable at the end of the performance period. Share-based compensation expense for our PSAs is recognized, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award when it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. 
  The following table summarizes the RSU, RSA, and PSA activity under our stock plans during the reporting period (in millions, except per share amounts): 

______________ 
           (1) 
    The number of PSAs granted represents the aggregate maximum number of shares that may be earned and issued with respect to these awards over their full terms. 
     
   -   14   - 

     Table of Contents  

Share-Based Compensation 
  The following table summarizes share-based compensation included in costs and expenses (in millions): 

At   October 31, 2016  , total compensation cost related to unvested share-based awards not yet recognized was   $1.0 billion  , net of estimated forfeitures. This cost is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of approximately   2.7 years  . 
   
  9. Income Taxes 
  Our provision for income taxes for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   reflects an effective tax rate of   (15.7)%  . Our effective tax rate for this period was negative as we recorded a provision for income taxes on year to date losses. The key components of our income tax provision primarily consist of foreign income taxes, withholding taxes, U.S. federal and state income taxes, and amortization of our deferred tax charges. Our effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to non-deductible share-based compensation and changes in our valuation allowance. As compared to the same period last year, our effective tax rate changed primarily due to an increase in non-deductible share-based compensation and changes in our valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. 
  Our provision for income taxes for the   three months ended     October 31,     2015   reflects an effective tax rate of   (12.1)%  . Our effective tax rate for this period was negative as we recorded a provision for income taxes on year to date losses. The key components of our income tax provision primarily consisted of foreign income taxes, withholding taxes, U.S. federal and state income taxes, and amortization of our deferred tax charges. Key components of our effective tax rate consisted of foreign tax losses which derive no benefit, non-deductible share-based compensation, and changes in our valuation allowance.  
   
  10. Net Income (Loss) Per Share 
  Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by basic weighted-average shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, including potentially dilutive securities. 
  The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock (in millions, except per share data): 

-   15   - 

     Table of Contents  

The following securities were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share of common stock for the periods presented as their effect would have been antidilutive (in millions): 

ITEM 2.  
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, among other things: expectations regarding drivers of and factors affecting growth in our business; statements regarding trends in billings, our mix of product and subscription and support revenue, cost of revenue, gross margin, cash flows, operating expenses, including future share-based compensation expense, income taxes, investments and liquidity; expectations regarding the seasonality and cyclicality of our revenues from quarter to quarter; expected impact of the adoption of certain recent accounting pronouncements and the anticipated timing of adopting such standards; expected recurring revenues resulting from expected growth in our installed base; the sufficiency of our existing cash and investments to meet our cash needs for the foreseeable future; and other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words such as  anticipates,   believes,   could,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   predicts,   projects,   would,   will be,   will continue,   will likely result,  and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and in particular, the risks discussed under the caption  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this report and those discussed in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
  Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is organized as follows: 
             
    Overview.     A discussion of our business and overall analysis of financial and other highlights in order to provide context for the remainder of MD A. 
                
    Key Financial Metrics.   A summary of our generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and non-GAAP key financial metrics, which management monitors to evaluate our performance. 
                
    Results of Operations.   A discussion of the nature and trends in our financial results and an analysis of our financial results comparing the   three months ended     October 31, 2016   to the   three months ended     October 31, 2015  . 
                
    Liquidity and Capital Resources.   An analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows, and a discussion of our financial condition and our ability to meet cash needs. 
                
    Critical Accounting Estimates.   A discussion of our accounting policies that require critical estimates, assumptions, and judgments. 
                
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements.   A discussion of expected impacts of impending accounting changes on financial information to be reported in the future. 
     
   -   16   - 

     Table of Contents  

Overview 
  We have pioneered the next generation of security through our innovative platform that allows enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure their organizations by safely enabling applications running on their networks and by preventing breaches that stem from targeted cyber attacks. Our platform uses an innovative traffic classification engine that identifies network traffic by application, user, and content and provides consistent security across the network, endpoint, and cloud. Accordingly, our platform enables our end-customers to maintain the visibility and control needed to protect their valued data and critical control systems while pursuing technology initiatives, like cloud and mobility, that grow their business. We believe our platform offers superior performance compared to legacy approaches and reduces the total cost of ownership for organizations by simplifying their security infrastructure and eliminating the need for multiple, stand-alone security appliances and software products. 
  Our Next-Generation Security Platform consists of three major elements: our Next-Generation Firewall, our Advanced Endpoint Protection, and our Threat Intelligence Cloud. Our Next-Generation Firewall delivers application, user, and content visibility and control as well as protection against network-based cyber threats integrated within the firewall through our proprietary hardware and software architecture. Our Advanced Endpoint Protection prevents cyber attacks that aim to run malicious code or exploit software vulnerabilities on a broad variety of fixed and virtual endpoints and servers. Our Threat Intelligence Cloud provides central intelligence capabilities, security for software as a service ( SaaS ) applications, and automated delivery of preventative measures against cyber attacks. 
  For the   first quarter   of fiscal   2017   and   2016  , total revenue was   $398.1 million   and   $297.2 million  , respectively, representing year-over-year growth of   34.0%  . Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscription, and support. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. As of   October 31, 2016  , we had over   35,500   end-customers in over   150   countries. Our end-customers represent a broad range of industries including education, energy, financial services, government entities, healthcare, Internet and media, manufacturing, public sector, and telecommunications, and include some of the largest Fortune 100 and Global 2000 companies in the world. We maintain a field sales force that works closely with our channel partners in developing sales opportunities. We use a two-tiered, indirect fulfillment model whereby we sell our products and services to our distributors, which, in turn, sell to our resellers, which then sell to our end-customers. 
  Our product revenue grew to   $163.8 million  , or   41.1%   of total revenue, for the   first quarter   of fiscal   2017  , representing year-over-year growth of   10.9%  . Product revenue is generated from sales of our appliances, primarily our Next-Generation Firewall, which is available in physical and virtualized form. Our Next-Generation Firewall incorporates our proprietary PAN-OS operating system, which provides a consistent set of capabilities across our entire product line. Our products are designed for different performance requirements throughout an organization, ranging from our PA-200, which is designed for enterprise remote offices, to our top-of-the-line PA-7080, which is especially suited for very large enterprise deployments and service provider customers. The same firewall functionality that is delivered in our physical appliances is also available in our VM-Series virtual firewalls, which secure virtualized and cloud-based computing environments. 
  Our subscription and support revenue grew to   $234.3 million  , or   58.9%   of total revenue, for the   first quarter   of fiscal   2017  , representing year-over-year growth of   56.7%  . Our subscriptions provide our end-customers with real-time access to the latest antivirus, intrusion prevention, web filtering, and modern malware prevention capabilities across fixed and mobile devices. When end-customers purchase an appliance, they typically purchase one or more of our subscriptions for additional functionality, as well as support in order to receive ongoing security updates, upgrades, bug fixes, and repairs. 
  We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform and support offerings within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. For additional information regarding the challenges and risks we face, see the  Risk Factors  section in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Key Financial Metrics 
  We monitor the key financial metrics set forth in the tables below to help us evaluate growth trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, and assess operational efficiencies. We discuss revenue, gross margin, and the components of operating loss and margin below under   Results of Operations.   
  
   -   17   - 

     Table of Contents  

______________ 
           (1) 
    Amounts have been adjusted for the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , as a result of our voluntary change in accounting policy for sales commissions. Refer to Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
                
    Deferred Revenue.     Our deferred revenue consists of amounts that have been invoiced but have not been recognized as revenue as of the period end. The majority of our deferred revenue balance consists of subscription and support revenue that is recognized ratably over the contractual service period. We monitor our deferred revenue balance because it represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods. 
                
    Billings.     We define billings as total revenue plus the change in total deferred revenue during the period. We consider billings to be a key measure used by management to manage our business given our hybrid SaaS revenue model, and believe billings provides investors with an important indicator of the health and visibility of our business because it includes subscription and support revenue, which is recognized ratably over the contractual service period, and product revenue, which is recognized at the time of shipment, provided that all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. We consider billings to be a useful metric for management and investors, particularly if we continue to experience increased sales of subscriptions and strong renewal rates for subscription and support offerings, and as we monitor our near term cash flows. While we believe that billings provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management, it is important to note that other companies, including companies in our industry, may not use billings, may calculate billings differently, may have different billing frequencies, or may use other financial measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of billings as a comparative measure. We calculate billings in the following manner: 

Cash Flow Provided by Operating Activities.     We monitor cash flow provided by operating activities as a measure of our overall business performance. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for subscription and support offerings. Monitoring cash flow provided by  
     
   -   18   - 

     Table of Contents  

operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items such as depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation costs, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. 
             
    Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP).     We define free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, as cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property, equipment, and other assets. We consider free cash flow to be a profitability and liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after necessary capital expenditures. A limitation of the utility of free cash flow as a measure of our financial performance and liquidity is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in our cash balance for the period. In addition, it is important to note that other companies, including companies in our industry, may not use free cash flow, may calculate free cash flow in a different manner than we do, or may use other financial measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of free cash flow as a comparative measure. A reconciliation of free cash flow to cash flow provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, is provided below: 

-   19   - 

     Table of Contents  

Results of Operations  
  The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of our total revenue for those periods based on our condensed consolidated statements of operations data. The period to period comparison of results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. 

______________ 
           (1) 
    Certain prior period amounts have been adjusted as a result of our voluntary change in accounting policy for sales commissions. Refer to Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
              (2) 
    Includes share-based compensation as follows: 

-   20   - 

     Table of Contents  

Revenue  
  Our revenue consists of product revenue and subscription and support revenue. Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. We expect our revenue to vary from quarter to quarter based on seasonal and cyclical factors.  
  Product Revenue 
  Product revenue is derived primarily from sales of our appliances. Product revenue also includes revenue derived from software licenses of Panorama and, to a lesser extent, the VM-Series. We recognize product revenue at the time of shipment, provided that all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. 

Product revenue increased for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , driven by increased demand for our higher end appliances. The change in product revenue due to changes in pricing was not significant. 
  Subscription and Support Revenue 
  Subscription and support revenue is derived primarily from sales of our subscription and support offerings. Our contractual subscription and support terms are typically one to five years. We recognize revenue from subscriptions and support over the contractual service period. As a percentage of total revenue, we expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing subscription and support contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. Prior to fiscal 2017, subscription and support revenue was referred to as services revenue, however, the composition of subscription and support revenue has not been modified. 

Subscription and support revenue increased for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , due to increased demand for our subscription and support offerings from both new and existing end-customers. The mix between subscription revenue and support revenue will fluctuate over time, depending on the introduction of new subscription offerings, renewals of support services, and our ability to increase sales to new and existing customers. The change in subscription and support revenue due to changes in pricing was not significant. 
  Revenue by Geographic Theater 

-   21   - 

     Table of Contents  

With respect to geographic theaters, the Americas contributed the largest portion of the increase in revenue for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , due to its larger and more established sales force compared to our other theaters. Revenue from both Europe, the Middle East, and Africa ( EMEA ) and Asia Pacific and Japan ( APAC ) increased for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , due to our investment in increasing the size of our sales force and number of channel partners in these theaters. 
  Cost of Revenue 
  Our cost of revenue consists of cost of product revenue and cost of subscription and support revenue. 
  Cost of Product Revenue    
  Cost of product revenue primarily includes costs paid to our third-party contract manufacturer. Our cost of product revenue also includes amortization of intellectual property licenses, product testing costs, shipping costs, personnel costs, which consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, share-based compensation, and travel and entertainment associated with our operations organization, and allocated costs. Allocated costs consist of certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs that we allocate based on headcount. We expect our cost of product revenue to increase as our product revenue increases. 

Cost of product revenue increased for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015   due to an increase in product unit volume for our higher end appliances. 
  Cost of Subscription and Support Revenue 
  Cost of subscription and support revenue includes personnel costs for our global customer support and technical operations organizations, amortization of acquired intangible assets, third-party professional services costs, and allocated costs. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows. 

Cost of subscription and support revenue increased for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , driven by increases in personnel costs, which grew   $12.8 million   to   $34.7 million   for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  . The increase in personnel costs were due to headcount growth. The remaining increase was due to expansion of our customer service capabilities and infrastructure to support our growing installed end-customer base. 
  Gross Margin 
  Gross margin, or gross profit as a percentage of revenue, has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including the average sales price of our products, manufacturing costs, the mix of products sold, and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. For sales of our products, our higher end firewall products generally have higher gross margins than our lower end firewall products within each product series. For sales of our subscription and support offerings, our subscription offerings typically have higher gross margins than our support offerings. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on the factors described above. 
  
   -   22   - 

     Table of Contents  

Product gross margin   increased   for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , driven by our continued focus on material cost reductions. Subscription and support gross margin   increased   for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015   due to contributions from our higher margin subscription offerings. 
  Operating Expenses  
  Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expense. Personnel costs are the most significant component of operating expenses and consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, share-based compensation, travel and entertainment, and with regard to sales and marketing expense, sales commissions. Our operating expenses also include allocated costs, which consist of certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs that we allocate based on headcount. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. As of   October 31, 2016  , we expect to recognize approximately   $1.0 billion   of share-based compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately   2.7 years  , excluding additional share-based compensation expense related to any future grants of share-based awards. Share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards.  
  Research and Development 
  Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs. Research and development expense also includes prototype related expenses and allocated costs. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. 

Research and development expense   increased   for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , driven by an increase in personnel costs, which grew   $20.5 million   to   $70.3 million   for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  . The increase in personnel costs was due to headcount growth. 
  Sales and Marketing 
  Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including commission expense. Sales and marketing expense also includes costs for market development programs, promotional and other marketing costs, professional services, and allocated costs. We continue to thoughtfully invest in headcount and have substantially grown our sales presence internationally. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our international presence, although our sales and marketing expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. 
  
   -   23   - 

     Table of Contents  

______________ 
           (1) 
    Prior period amount has been adjusted as a result of our voluntary change in accounting policy for sales commissions. Refer to Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
     Sales and marketing expense   increased   for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  . The increase was primarily driven by an increase in personnel costs, which grew   $48.9 million   to   $165.5 million   for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , due to headcount growth. The remaining increase includes $6.7 million related to investments in demand generation activities and sales related events to support our revenue growth. 
  General and Administrative 
  General and administrative expense consists of personnel costs for our executive, finance, human resources, legal, and information technology organizations, professional services costs, which consist primarily of legal, auditing, accounting, and other consulting costs, and certain non-recurring general expenses. Certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs are allocated to other organizations based on headcount. We expect general and administrative expense to increase in absolute dollars due to additional costs associated with accounting, compliance, insurance, and investor relations, although our general and administrative expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue.  

General and administrative expense   increased   for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , driven by an increase in personnel costs, which grew   $10.3 million   to   $31.1 million   for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  . The increase in personnel costs was due to headcount growth. 
  Provision for Income Taxes  
  Provision for income taxes consists primarily of income taxes in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business, withholding taxes, federal and state income taxes in the United States, and amortization of our deferred tax charges. We maintain a full valuation allowance for domestic deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits. 

______________ 
           (1) 
    Prior period effective tax rate has been adjusted as a result of our voluntary change in accounting policy for sales commissions. Refer to Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of  
     
   -   24   - 

     Table of Contents  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
  We recorded an   income tax provision   for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016  , due to federal, state, and foreign income taxes, withholding taxes, and amortization of our deferred tax charges. The provision for income taxes increased for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , primarily due to an increase in U.S. profits resulting in an increase in U.S. taxes. 
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 

______________ 
           (1) 
    Working capital as of July 31, 2016, has been adjusted as a result of our voluntary change in accounting policy for sales commissions. Refer to Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
              (2) 
    The net carrying amount of the Notes was classified in current liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   October 31, 2016  . Refer to Note   5  . Convertible Senior Notes of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
     At   October 31, 2016  , our total cash, cash equivalents, and investments of   $2.1 billion   were held for general corporate purposes, of which approximately   $208.3 million   was held outside of the United States. We do not provide for federal income taxes on the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, all of which we expect to reinvest outside of the United States indefinitely. However, if these funds were needed for our domestic operations, we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. There are no other restrictions on the use of these funds. If we were to repatriate these earnings to the United States, any associated income tax liability would be insignificant.  
  As of   October 31, 2016  , all of our 0.0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 (the  Notes ) remained outstanding. The Notes mature on July 1, 2019, however, prior to January 1, 2019, holders may surrender their Notes for early conversion under certain circumstances. Upon conversion, we will pay cash equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be converted, and, at our election, will pay or deliver cash and/or shares of our common stock for the amount of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being converted. Refer to Note   5  . Convertible Senior Notes of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information on the Notes. 
  In August 2016, our board of directors authorized a $500.0 million share repurchase which will be funded from available working capital. Repurchases may be made at management s discretion from time to time. The repurchase authorization will expire on August 31, 2018, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. As of October 31, 2016, $450.0 million was available for future share repurchases under the repurchase authorization. Refer to Note 7. Stockholders  Equity of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information on the repurchase authorization. 
  
   -   25   - 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   and   2015  : 

We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings, the costs to acquire or invest in complementary businesses and technologies, the costs to ensure access to adequate manufacturing capacity, the investments in our new corporate headquarters, and the continuing market acceptance of our products and subscription and support offerings. In addition, from time to time we may incur additional tax liability in connection with certain corporate structuring decisions. 
  We may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
  Operating Activities 
  Our operating activities have consisted of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. 
  Cash provided by operating activities during the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   was   $203.3 million  , an increase of   $56.6 million   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  . The increase was due to growth of our business and changes in our assets and liabilities during the   three months ended     October 31,     2016  , which included an increase in sales of subscription and support contracts to new and existing customers as reflected by an increase in deferred revenue. 
  Investing Activities 
  Our investing activities have consisted of capital expenditures and net investment purchases, sales, and maturities. We expect to continue such activities as our business grows. 
  Cash used in investing activities during the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   was   $71.2 million  , a   decrease   of   $192.3 million   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , due to lower net purchases of available-for-sale investments. 
  Financing Activities 
  Our financing activities have consisted of proceeds from sales of shares through employee equity incentive plans and cash used in repurchases of shares of our common stock. 
  Cash used in financing activities during the   three months ended     October 31,     2016   was   $27.1 million  , a change of   $43.9 million   compared to the   three months ended     October 31,     2015  , due to the repurchase of $50.0 million of common stock during the   three months ended     October 31,     2016  . 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated organizations or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities that would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.  
  Critical Accounting Estimates 
  Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected. 
  
   -   26   - 

     Table of Contents  

We believe the critical accounting estimates discussed under Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2016, reflect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements. There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates as filed in such report. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  Refer to  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  in Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
   
           ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     Our exposures to market risk have not changed materially since   July 31, 2016  . For our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see the disclosures in Part II, Item 7A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2016. 
   
           ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on our evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of   October 31, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended   October 31, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  Limitations on Controls 
  In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
  
   -   27   - 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
   
           ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
     The information set forth under the  Litigation  subheading in Note   6  . Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
           ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 
     Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decline. 
  Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
  Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
  We have experienced rapid growth and increased demand for our products and subscriptions over the last few years. As a result, our employee headcount and number of end-customers have increased significantly, and we expect both to continue to grow over the next year. For example, from the end of fiscal   2016   to the end of the   first quarter   of fiscal   2017  , our headcount increased from 3,795 to   3,960   employees, and our number of end-customers increased from approximately 34,000 to over   35,500  . In addition, as we have grown, we have increasingly managed more complex deployments of our products and subscriptions with larger end-customers. The growth and expansion of our business and product and subscription and support offerings places a significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner.  
  We may not be able to successfully implement or scale improvements to our systems, processes, and controls in an efficient or timely manner. In addition, our existing systems, processes, and controls may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud. We may also experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems, processes, and controls or in connection with third-party software licensed to help us with such improvements. Any future growth would add complexity to our organization and require effective coordination throughout our organization. Failure to manage any future growth effectively could result in increased costs, disrupt our existing end-customer relationships, reduce demand for or limit us to smaller deployments of our platform, or harm our business performance and operating results. 
  Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
  Our operating results, in particular, our revenues, gross margins, operating margins, and operating expenses, have historically varied from period to period, and even though we have experienced growth, we expect variation to continue as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including: 
             
    our ability to attract and retain new end-customers or sell additional products and subscriptions to our existing end-customers; 
                
    the budgeting cycles, seasonal buying patterns, and purchasing practices of end-customers; 
                
    changes in end-customer, distributor or reseller requirements, or market needs; 
                
    price competition; 
                
    the timing and success of new product and service introductions by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or end-customers and strategic partnerships entered into by and between our competitors; 
                
    changes in the mix of our products, subscriptions, and support, including changes in multi-year subscriptions and support; 
                
    our ability to successfully and continuously expand our business domestically and internationally; 
                
    changes in the growth rate of the enterprise security market; 
     
   -   28   - 

     Table of Contents  

deferral of orders from end-customers in anticipation of new products or product enhancements announced by us or our competitors; 
                
    the timing and costs related to the development or acquisition of technologies or businesses or strategic partnerships; 
                
    lack of synergy or the inability to realize expected synergies, resulting from acquisitions or strategic partnerships; 
                
    our inability to execute, complete or integrate efficiently any acquisitions that we may undertake; 
                
    our ability to increase the size and productivity of our distribution channel; 
                
    decisions by potential end-customers to purchase security solutions from larger, more established security vendors or from their primary network equipment vendors; 
                
    changes in end-customer penetration, attach, and renewal rates for our subscriptions; 
                
    timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals; 
                
    our ability to manage production and manufacturing related costs, global customer service organization costs, inventory excess and obsolescence costs, and warranty costs; 
                
    insolvency or credit difficulties confronting our end-customers, which could adversely affect their ability to purchase or pay for our products, subscriptions, and support, or confronting our key suppliers, including our sole source suppliers, which could disrupt our supply chain; 
                
    any disruption in our channel or termination of our relationships with important channel partners, including as a result of consolidation among distributors and resellers of security solutions; 
                
    our inability to fulfill our end-customers  orders due to supply chain delays or events that impact our manufacturers or their suppliers; 
                
    increased expenses, unforeseen liabilities, or write-downs and any impact on our operating results from any acquisitions we consummate; 
                
    the cost and potential outcomes of litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business; 
                
    seasonality or cyclical fluctuations in our markets; 
                
    future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies, including the potential impact of the adoption and implementation of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s new standard regarding revenue recognition; 
                
    increases or decreases in our expenses or fluctuations in our sales cycle caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, as an increasing amount of our expenses is incurred and paid in currencies other than the U.S. dollar; 
                
    political, economic and social instability, such as those caused by the recent U.S. presidential election, the recent referendum in which voters in the United Kingdom (the  U.K. ) approved an exit from the European Union (the  E.U. ), continued hostilities in the Middle East, terrorist activities, and any disruption these events may cause to the broader global industrial economy; and 
                
    general macroeconomic conditions, both domestically and in our foreign markets that could impact some or all regions where we operate. 
     Any one of the factors above, or the cumulative effect of some of the factors referred to above, may result in significant fluctuations in our financial and other operating results. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet our revenue, margin, or other operating result expectations or those of securities analysts or investors for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price of our common stock could fall substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
  Uncertain or weakened global economic conditions could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
  We operate globally and as a result our business and revenues are impacted by global macroeconomic conditions. The global macroeconomic environment has been and may continue to be inconsistent and challenging due to instability in the global credit markets, the current economic challenges in China, falling demand for oil and other commodities, uncertainties regarding the effects of the recent  Brexit  decision and the U.S. presidential election, geopolitical turmoil and other disruptions to global and regional economies and markets. As a result, any continued or further uncertainty, weakness or deterioration in global macroeconomic and market conditions may cause our end-customers to modify spending priorities or delay purchasing decisions, and result in lengthened sales cycles, all of which could harm our business and operating results. 
  
   -   29   - 

     Table of Contents  

Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance. 
  We have experienced revenue growth rates of   34.0%   and 54.5% in the   first quarter   of fiscal   2017   and fiscal   2016  , respectively. Our revenue for any prior quarterly or annual period should not be relied upon as an indication of our future revenue or revenue growth for any future period. If we are unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, the market price of our common stock could be volatile, and it may be difficult for us to achieve and maintain profitability or maintain or increase cash flow on a consistent basis.  
  We have a history of losses, anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future, and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability or maintain or increase cash flow on a consistent basis, which could cause our business, financial condition, and operating results to suffer. 
  Other than fiscal 2012, we have incurred losses in all fiscal years since our inception. As a result, we had an accumulated deficit of   $683.4 million   at   October 31, 2016  . We anticipate that our operating expenses will continue to increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to grow our business. Our growth efforts may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenues sufficiently, or at all, to offset increasing expenses. Revenue growth may slow or revenue may decline for a number of possible reasons, including slowing demand for our products or subscriptions, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or a failure to capitalize on growth opportunities. Any failure to increase our revenue as we grow our business could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or maintaining or increasing cash flow on a consistent basis. In addition, we may have difficulty achieving profitability under U.S. GAAP due to share-based compensation expense and other non-cash charges. If we are unable to navigate these challenges as we encounter them, our business, financial condition, and operating results may suffer.  
  If we are unable to sell additional product, subscription, and support offerings to our end-customers, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed. 
  Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the deployment of our platform with existing end-customers. This may require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that may not result in additional sales. The rate at which our end-customers purchase additional products, subscriptions, and support depends on a number of factors, including the perceived need for additional security products, including subscription and support offerings, as well as general economic conditions. Further, existing end-customers have no contractual obligation to and may not renew their subscription and support contracts after the completion of their initial contract period. Our end-customers  renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their satisfaction with our subscriptions and our support offerings, the frequency and severity of subscription outages, our product uptime or latency, and the pricing of our, or competing, subscriptions. Additionally, our end-customers may renew their subscription and support agreements for shorter contract lengths or on other terms that are less economically beneficial to us. We also cannot be certain that our end-customers will renew their subscription and support agreements. If our efforts to sell additional products and subscriptions to our end-customers are not successful or our end-customers do not renew their subscription and support agreements or renew on less favorable terms, our revenues may grow more slowly than expected or decline. 
  We face intense competition in our market, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. 
  The market for enterprise security products is intensely competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors and new market entrants. Our main competitors fall into four categories: 
             
    large networking vendors such as Cisco and Juniper that incorporate security features in their products; 
                
    large companies such as Intel and IBM that have acquired large network and endpoint security specialist vendors in recent years and have the technical and financial resources to bring competitive solutions to the market; 
                
    independent security vendors such as Check Point, Fortinet, FireEye, and Symantec that offer a mix of network and endpoint security products; and 
                
    small and large companies that offer point solutions that compete with some of the features present in our platform. 
     Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages such as: 
             
    greater name recognition and longer operating histories; 
                
    larger sales and marketing budgets and resources; 
                
    broader distribution and established relationships with distribution partners and end-customers; 
                
    greater customer support resources; 
                
    greater resources to make strategic acquisitions or enter into strategic partnerships; 
     
   -   30   - 

     Table of Contents  

lower labor and development costs; 
                
    larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios; and 
                
    substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources. 
     In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader and more diverse product and services offerings, which may make them less susceptible to downturns in a particular market and allow them to leverage their relationships based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages users from purchasing our products and subscriptions, including through selling at zero or negative margins, offering concessions, product bundling, or closed technology platforms. Many of our smaller competitors that specialize in providing protection from a single type of security threat are often able to deliver these specialized security products to the market more quickly than we can. 
  Organizations that use legacy products and services may believe that these products and services are sufficient to meet their security needs or that our platform only serves the needs of a portion of the enterprise security market. Accordingly, these organizations may continue allocating their information technology budgets for legacy products and services and may not adopt our security platform. Further, many organizations have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to design and operate their networks and have established deep relationships with other providers of networking and security products. As a result, these organizations may prefer to purchase from their existing suppliers rather than add or switch to a new supplier such as us regardless of product performance, features, or greater services offerings or may be more willing to incrementally add solutions to their existing security infrastructure from existing suppliers than to replace it wholesale with our solutions. 
  Conditions in our market could change rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements, partnering or acquisitions by our competitors, or continuing market consolidation. New start-up companies that innovate and large competitors that are making significant investments in research and development may invent similar or superior products and technologies that compete with our products and technology. Some of our competitors have made or could make acquisitions of businesses that may allow them to offer more directly competitive and comprehensive solutions than they had previously offered and adapt more quickly to new technologies and end-customer needs. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources.  
  These competitive pressures in our market or our failure to compete effectively may result in price reductions, fewer orders, reduced revenue and gross margins, and loss of market share. Any failure to meet and address these factors could seriously harm our business and operating results. 
  A network or data security incident may allow unauthorized access to our network or data, harm our reputation, create additional liability and adversely impact our financial results. 
  Increasingly, companies are subject to a wide variety of attacks on their networks on an ongoing basis. In addition to traditional computer  hackers,  malicious code (such as viruses and worms), phishing attempts, employee theft or misuse, and denial of service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors now engage in intrusions and attacks (including advanced persistent threat intrusions) and add to the risks to our internal networks and the information they store and process. Despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such threats, it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate these risks. Furthermore, as a well-known provider of security solutions, we may be a more attractive target for such attacks. A breach in our data security could compromise our networks or networks secured by our products and subscriptions, creating system disruptions or slowdowns and exploiting security vulnerabilities of our products, and the information stored on our networks could be accessed, publicly disclosed, altered, lost, or stolen, which could subject us to liability and cause us financial harm. Although we have not yet experienced significant damages from unauthorized access by a third party of our internal network, any actual or perceived breach of network security in our internal systems could result in damage to our reputation, negative publicity, loss of channel partners, end-customers and sales, loss of competitive advantages over our competitors, increased costs to remedy any problems, and costly litigation. Any of these negative outcomes could adversely impact the market perception of our products and subscriptions and investor confidence in our company and could seriously harm our business or operating results. 
  Reliance on shipments at the end of the quarter could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels. 
  As a result of end-customer buying patterns and the efforts of our sales force and channel partners to meet or exceed their sales objectives, we have historically received a substantial portion of sales orders and generated a substantial portion of revenue during the last few weeks of each fiscal quarter. If expected revenue at the end of any fiscal quarter is delayed for any reason, including the failure of anticipated purchase orders to materialize (particularly for large enterprise end-customers with lengthy sales cycles), our logistics partners  inability to ship products prior to fiscal quarter-end to fulfill purchase orders received near the end of the fiscal quarter, our failure to manage inventory to meet demand, any failure of our systems related to order review and processing, or any delays in shipments based on trade compliance requirements, our revenue for that quarter could fall below our expectations and the estimates of analysts, which could adversely impact our business and operating results and cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
  
   -   31   - 

     Table of Contents  

Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our revenue. 
  We believe there are significant seasonal factors that may cause our second and fourth fiscal quarters to record greater revenue sequentially than our first and third fiscal quarters. We believe that this seasonality results from a number of factors, including: 
             
    end-customers with a December 31 fiscal year-end choosing to spend remaining unused portions of their discretionary budgets before their year-end, which potentially results in a positive impact on our revenue in our second fiscal quarter; 
                
    our sales compensation plans, which are typically structured around annual quotas and commission rate accelerators, which potentially results in a positive impact on our revenue in our fourth fiscal quarter; 
                
    seasonal reductions in business activity during August in the United States, Europe and certain regions, which potentially results in a negative impact on our first fiscal quarter revenue; and 
                
    the timing of end-customer budget planning at the beginning of the calendar year, which can result in a delay in spending at the beginning of the calendar year potentially resulting in a negative impact on our revenue in our third fiscal quarter. 
     As we continue to grow, seasonal or cyclical variations in our operations may become more pronounced, and our business, operating results and financial position may be adversely affected. 
  If we are unable to hire, integrate, train, retain, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management, our business could suffer. 
  Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract, integrate, and retain qualified and highly skilled personnel. We are substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing engineering personnel because of the complexity of our platform. Additionally, any failure to hire, train, and adequately incentivize our sales personnel or the inability of our recently hired sales personnel to effectively ramp to target productivity levels could negatively impact our growth and operating margins. Competition for highly skilled personnel, particularly in engineering, is often intense, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area, where we have a substantial presence and need for such personnel. In addition, the industry in which we operate generally experiences high employee attrition. Although we have entered into employment offer letters with our key personnel, these agreements have no specific duration and constitute at-will employment. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any of our employees. The loss of one or more of our key employees could seriously harm our business. If we are unable to attract, integrate, or retain the qualified and highly skilled personnel required to fulfill our current or future needs, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be harmed. 
  Our future performance also depends on the continued services and continuing contributions of our senior management to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The loss of services of senior management or the ineffective management of any leadership transitions, especially within our sales organization, could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development and strategic objectives, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
  Further, we believe that a critical contributor to our success and our ability to retain highly skilled personnel has been our corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation, teamwork, passion for end-customers, focus on execution, and the facilitation of critical knowledge transfer and knowledge sharing. As we grow and change, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our corporate culture. Any failure to preserve our culture as we grow could limit our ability to innovate and could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, continue to perform at current levels or execute on our business strategy. 
  If we are not successful in executing our strategy to increase sales of our products and subscriptions to new and existing medium and large enterprise end-customers, our operating results may suffer. 
  Our growth strategy is dependent, in part, upon increasing sales of our products to new and existing medium and large enterprise end-customers. Sales to these types of end-customers involve risks that may not be present, or that are present to a lesser extent, with sales to smaller entities. These risks include: 
             
    competition from larger competitors, such as Cisco, Check Point, and Juniper, that traditionally target larger enterprises, service providers, and government entities and that may have pre-existing relationships or purchase commitments from those end-customers; 
                
    increased purchasing power and leverage held by large end-customers in negotiating contractual arrangements with us; 
                
    more stringent requirements in our worldwide support contracts, including stricter support response times and penalties for any failure to meet support requirements; and 
                
    longer sales cycles, in some cases over 12 months, and the associated risk that substantial time and resources may be spent on a potential end-customer that elects not to purchase our products and subscriptions. 
     
   -   32   - 

     Table of Contents  

In addition, product purchases by large enterprises are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals, and unplanned administrative, processing, and other delays. Finally, large enterprises typically have longer implementation cycles, require greater product functionality and scalability and a broader range of services, demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks, sometimes require acceptance provisions that can lead to a delay in revenue recognition, and expect greater payment flexibility from vendors. All of these factors can add further risk to business conducted with these end-customers. If we fail to realize an expected sale from a large end-customer in a particular quarter or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
  We rely on revenue from subscription and support offerings, and because we recognize revenue from subscription and support over the term of the relevant service period, downturns or upturns in sales of these subscription and support offerings are not immediately reflected in full in our operating results. 
  Subscription and support revenue accounts for a significant portion of our revenue, comprising   58.9%   of total revenue in the   first quarter   of fiscal   2017   and   50.3%   of total revenue in the   first quarter   of fiscal   2016  . Sales of new or renewal subscription and support contracts may decline and fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including end-customers  level of satisfaction with our products and subscriptions, the prices of our products and subscriptions, the prices of products and services offered by our competitors, and reductions in our end-customers  spending levels. If our sales of new or renewal subscription and support contracts decline, our total revenue and revenue growth rate may decline and our business will suffer. In addition, we recognize subscription and support revenue monthly over the term of the relevant service period, which is typically one to five years. As a result, much of the subscription and support revenue we report each fiscal quarter is the recognition of deferred revenue from subscription and support contracts entered into during previous fiscal quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscription or support contracts in any one fiscal quarter will not be fully or immediately reflected in revenue in that fiscal quarter but will negatively affect our revenue in future fiscal quarters. Also, it is difficult for us to rapidly increase our subscription and support revenue through additional subscription and support sales in any period, as revenue from new and renewal subscription and support contracts must be recognized over the applicable service period. 
  Defects, errors, or vulnerabilities in our products, subscriptions, or support, the failure of our products or subscriptions to block a virus or prevent a security breach, misuse of our products, or risks of product liability claims could harm our reputation and adversely impact our operating results. 
  Because our products and subscriptions are complex, they have contained and may contain design or manufacturing defects or errors that are not detected until after their commercial release and deployment by our end-customers. For example, from time to time, certain of our end-customers have reported defects in our products related to performance, scalability, and compatibility. Additionally, defects may cause our products or subscriptions to be vulnerable to security attacks, cause them to fail to help secure networks, or temporarily interrupt end-customers  networking traffic. Because the techniques used by computer hackers to access or sabotage networks change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques and provide a solution in time to protect our end-customers  networks. Furthermore, as a well-known provider of security solutions, our networks, products, including cloud-based technology, and subscriptions could be targeted by attacks specifically designed to disrupt our business and harm our reputation. In addition, defects or errors in our subscription updates or our products could result in a failure of our subscriptions to effectively update end-customers  hardware and cloud-based products. Our data centers and networks may experience technical failures and downtime, may fail to distribute appropriate updates, or may fail to meet the increased requirements of a growing installed end-customer base, any of which could temporarily or permanently expose our end-customers  networks, leaving their networks unprotected against the latest security threats. Moreover, our products must interoperate with our end-customers  existing infrastructure, which often have different specifications, utilize multiple protocol standards, deploy products from multiple vendors, and contain multiple generations of products that have been added over time. As a result, when problems occur in a network, it may be difficult to identify the sources of these problems.  
  The occurrence of any such problem in our products and subscriptions, whether real or perceived, could result in: 
             
    expenditure of significant financial and product development resources in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work-around errors or defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities; 
                
    loss of existing or potential end-customers or channel partners; 
                
    delayed or lost revenue; 
                
    delay or failure to attain market acceptance; 
                
    an increase in warranty claims compared with our historical experience, or an increased cost of servicing warranty claims, either of which would adversely affect our gross margins; and 
                
    litigation, regulatory inquiries, or investigations that may be costly and harm our reputation. 
     Further, our products and subscriptions may be misused by end-customers or third parties that obtain access to our products and subscriptions. For example, our products and subscriptions could be used to censor private access to certain information on the  
  
   -   33   - 

     Table of Contents  

Internet. Such use of our products and subscriptions for censorship could result in negative press coverage and negatively affect our reputation. 
  The limitation of liability provisions in our standard terms and conditions of sale may not fully or effectively protect us from claims as a result of federal, state, or local laws or ordinances, or unfavorable judicial decisions in the United States or other countries. The sale and support of our products and subscriptions also entails the risk of product liability claims. Although we may be indemnified by our third-party manufacturers for product liability claims arising out of manufacturing defects, because we control the design of our products and subscriptions, we may not be indemnified for product liability claims arising out of design defects. We maintain insurance to protect against certain claims associated with the use of our products and subscriptions, but our insurance coverage may not adequately cover any claim asserted against us. In addition, even claims that ultimately are unsuccessful could result in our expenditure of funds in litigation, divert management s time and other resources, and harm our reputation. 
  False detection of applications, viruses, spyware, vulnerability exploits, data patterns, or URL categories could adversely affect our business. 
  Our classifications of application type, virus, spyware, vulnerability exploits, data, or URL categories may falsely detect applications, content, or threats that do not actually exist. This risk is heightened by the inclusion of a  heuristics  feature in our products and subscriptions, which attempts to identify applications and other threats not based on any known signatures but based on characteristics or anomalies which indicate that a particular item may be a threat. These false positives may impair the perceived reliability of our products and subscriptions and may therefore adversely impact market acceptance of our products and subscriptions. If our products and subscriptions restrict important files or applications based on falsely identifying them as malware or some other item that should be restricted, this could adversely affect end-customers  systems and cause material system failures. Any such false identification of important files or applications could result in damage to our reputation, negative publicity, loss of channel partners, end-customers and sales, increased costs to remedy any problem, and costly litigation. 
  We rely on our channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, including subscriptions and support, and if these channel partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products and subscriptions will be limited, and our operating results will be harmed. 
  Substantially all of our revenue is generated by sales through our channel partners, including distributors and resellers. We provide our channel partners with specific training and programs to assist them in selling our products, including subscriptions and support offerings, but there can be no assurance that these steps will be utilized or effective. In addition, our channel partners may be unsuccessful in marketing, selling, and supporting our products and subscriptions. We may not be able to incentivize these channel partners to sell our products and subscriptions to end-customers and, in particular, to large enterprises. These channel partners may also have incentives to promote our competitors  products and may devote more resources to the marketing, sales, and support of competitive products. Our agreements with our channel partners may generally be terminated for any reason by either party with advance notice prior to each annual renewal date. We cannot be certain that we will retain these channel partners or that we will be able to secure additional or replacement channel partners. In addition, any new channel partner requires extensive training and may take several months or more to achieve productivity. Our channel partner sales structure could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability, and reputational harm if, for example, any of our channel partners misrepresent the functionality of our products or subscriptions to end-customers or violate laws or our corporate policies. If we fail to effectively manage our sales channels or channel partners, our ability to sell our products and subscriptions and operating results will be harmed. 
  If we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to the rapidly evolving technological and market developments and successfully manage product and subscription introductions and transitions to meet changing end-customer needs in the enterprise security market, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed. 
  The enterprise security market has grown quickly and is expected to continue to evolve rapidly. Moreover, many of our end-customers operate in markets characterized by rapidly changing technologies and business plans, which require them to add numerous network access points and adapt increasingly complex enterprise networks, incorporating a variety of hardware, software applications, operating systems, and networking protocols. If we fail to accurately predict end-customers  changing needs and emerging technological trends in the enterprise security industry, including in the areas of mobility, virtualization, cloud computing, and software defined networks ( SDN ), our business could be harmed. The technology in our platform is especially complex because it needs to effectively identify and respond to new and increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, while minimizing the impact on network performance. Additionally, some of our new platform features and related platform enhancements may require us to develop new hardware architectures that involve complex, expensive, and time-consuming research and development processes. The development of our platform is difficult and the timetable for commercial release and availability is uncertain as there can be long time periods between releases and availability of new platform features. If we experience unanticipated delays in the availability of new products, platform features, and subscriptions, and fail to meet customer expectations for such availability, our competitive position and business prospects will be harmed.  
  
   -   34   - 

     Table of Contents  

Additionally, we must commit significant resources to developing new platform features before knowing whether our investments will result in products, subscriptions, and platform features the market will accept. The success of new platform features depends on several factors, including appropriate new product definition, differentiation of new products, subscriptions, and platform features from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products, services and platform features. Moreover, successful new product introduction and transition depends on a number of factors including, our ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues, the availability of application software for new products, the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory, the availability of products in appropriate quantities and costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects or deficiencies in the early stages of introduction. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify opportunities for new products and subscriptions, develop and bring new products and subscriptions to market in a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products and subscriptions, or that products, subscriptions, and technologies developed by others will not render our products, subscriptions, or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. 
  Our current research and development efforts may not produce successful products, subscriptions, or platform features that result in significant revenue, cost savings or other benefits in the near future, if at all. 
  Developing our products, subscriptions, platform features, and related enhancements is expensive. Our investments in research and development may not result in significant design improvements, marketable products, subscriptions, or platform features, or may result in products, subscriptions, or platform features that are more expensive than anticipated. Additionally, we may not achieve the cost savings or the anticipated performance improvements we expect, and we may take longer to generate revenue, or generate less revenue, than we anticipate. Our future plans include significant investments in research and development and related product and subscription opportunities. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. However, we may not receive significant revenue from these investments in the near future, if at all, or these investments may not yield the expected benefits, either of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
  Because we depend on third-party manufacturers to build and ship our products, we are susceptible to manufacturing and logistics delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping customer orders on time, if at all, or on a cost-effective basis, which may result in the loss of sales and end-customers. 
  We depend on third-party manufacturers, primarily a subsidiary of Flex, our contract manufacturer, as sole source manufacturers for our product lines. Our reliance on these third-party manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing process and exposes us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, product costs, product supply, timing and transportation risk. Our products are primarily manufactured by our contract manufacturers at facilities located in the United States. Over time, a growing portion of our products may be manufactured outside the United States as we look for cost savings opportunities, which may subject us to additional logistical risks or risks associated with complying with local rules and regulations in foreign countries. Any manufacturing and logistics disruption by our third-party manufacturers could severely impair our ability to fulfill orders. 
  In addition, we are subject to requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 to diligence, disclose, and report whether or not our products contain minerals originating from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries, or conflict minerals. We have incurred and expect to incur additional costs to comply with these disclosure requirements, including costs related to determining the source of any of the relevant minerals and metals used in our products. These requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability, and pricing of minerals used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices or other components used in our products. We may also encounter end-customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict free. If we are not able to meet this requirement, such end-customers may choose not to purchase our products. 
  Our third-party manufacturers typically fulfill our supply requirements on the basis of individual orders. We do not have long-term contracts with these manufacturers that guarantee capacity, the continuation of particular pricing terms, or the extension of credit limits. Accordingly, they are not obligated to continue to fulfill our supply requirements and the prices we pay for manufacturing services could be increased on short notice. Our contract with Flex permits them to terminate the agreement for their convenience, subject to prior notice requirements. If we are required to change contract manufacturers, our ability to meet our scheduled product deliveries to our end-customers could be adversely affected, which could cause the loss of sales to existing or potential end-customers, delayed revenue or an increase in our costs which could adversely affect our gross margins. Any production interruptions for any reason, such as a natural disaster, epidemic, capacity shortages, or quality problems, at one of our manufacturing partners would negatively affect sales of our product lines manufactured by that manufacturing partner and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
  Managing the supply of our products and product components is complex. Insufficient supply and inventory may result in lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may harm our gross margins. 
  Our third-party manufacturers procure components and build our products based on our forecasts, and we generally do not hold inventory for a prolonged period of time. These forecasts are based on estimates of future demand for our products, which are in turn  
  
   -   35   - 

     Table of Contents  

based on historical trends and analyses from our sales and marketing organizations, adjusted for overall market conditions. In order to reduce manufacturing lead times and plan for adequate component supply, from time to time we may issue forecasts for components and products that are non-cancelable and non-returnable.  
  Our inventory management systems and related supply chain visibility tools may be inadequate to enable us to forecast accurately and effectively manage supply of our products and product components. If we ultimately determine that we have excess supply, we may have to reduce our prices and write-down inventory, which in turn could result in lower gross margins. If our actual component usage and product demand are lower than the forecast we provide to our third-party manufacturers, we accrue for losses on manufacturing commitments in excess of forecasted demand. Alternatively, insufficient supply levels may lead to shortages that result in delayed product revenue or loss of sales opportunities altogether as potential end-customers turn to competitors  products that are readily available. If we are unable to effectively manage our supply and inventory, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
  Because some of the key components in our products come from limited sources of supply, we are susceptible to supply shortages or supply changes, which could disrupt or delay our scheduled product deliveries to our end-customers and may result in the loss of sales and end-customers. 
  Our products rely on key components, including integrated circuit components, which our contract manufacturers purchase on our behalf from a limited number of suppliers, including sole source providers. The manufacturing operations of some of our component suppliers are geographically concentrated in Asia and elsewhere, which makes our supply chain vulnerable to regional disruptions, such as natural disasters, fire, political instability, civil unrest, a power outage, or a localized health risk, and as a result could impair the volume of components that we are able to obtain.      
  Further, we do not have volume purchase contracts with any of our component suppliers, and they could cease selling to us at any time. If we are unable to obtain a sufficient quantity of these components in a timely manner for any reason, sales of our products could be delayed or halted or we could be forced to expedite shipment of such components or our products at dramatically increased costs. Our component suppliers also change their selling prices frequently in response to market trends, including industry-wide increases in demand, and because we do not have volume purchase contracts with these suppliers, we are susceptible to price fluctuations related to raw materials and components and may not be able to adjust our prices accordingly. Additionally, poor quality in any of the sole-sourced components in our products could result in lost sales or sales opportunities. 
  If we are unable to obtain a sufficient volume of the necessary components for our products on commercially reasonable terms or the quality of the components do not meet our requirements, we could also be forced to redesign our products and qualify new components from alternate suppliers. The resulting stoppage or delay in selling our products and the expense of redesigning our products could result in lost sales opportunities and damage to customer relationships, which would adversely affect our business and operating results. 
  The sales prices of our products and subscriptions may decrease, which may reduce our gross profits and adversely impact our financial results. 
  The sales prices for our products and subscriptions may decline for a variety of reasons, including competitive pricing pressures, discounts, a change in our mix of products and subscriptions, anticipation of the introduction of new products or subscriptions, or promotional programs. Competition continues to increase in the market segments in which we participate, and we expect competition to further increase in the future, thereby leading to increased pricing pressures. Larger competitors with more diverse product and service offerings may reduce the price of products or subscriptions that compete with ours or may bundle them with other products and subscriptions. Additionally, although we price our products and subscriptions worldwide in U.S. dollars, currency fluctuations in certain countries and regions may negatively impact actual prices that channel partners and end-customers are willing to pay in those countries and regions. Furthermore, we anticipate that the sales prices and gross profits for our products will decrease over product life cycles. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in developing and introducing new offerings with enhanced functionality on a timely basis, or that our product and subscription offerings, if introduced, will enable us to maintain our prices and gross profits at levels that will allow us to achieve and maintain profitability. 
  We generate a significant amount of revenue from sales to distributors, resellers, and end-customers outside of the United States, and we are therefore subject to a number of risks associated with international sales and operations. 
  We have a limited history of marketing, selling, and supporting our products and subscriptions internationally. We may experience difficulties in recruiting, training, managing, and retaining an international staff, and specifically staff related to sales management and sales personnel. We also may not be able to maintain successful strategic distributor relationships internationally or recruit additional companies to enter into strategic distributor relationships. Business practices in the international markets that we serve may differ from those in the United States and may require us in the future to include terms other than our standard terms related to payment, warranties, or performance obligations in end-customer contracts.  
  Additionally, our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including the following: 
  
   -   36   - 

     Table of Contents  

political, economic and social uncertainty around the world, in particular, those caused by the recent U.S. presidential election, macroeconomic challenges in Europe, terrorist activities, and continued hostilities in the Middle East; 
                
    greater difficulty in enforcing contracts and accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods; 
                
    the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 
                
    greater risk of unexpected changes in regulatory practices, tariffs, and tax laws and treaties; 
                
    risks associated with trade restrictions and foreign legal requirements, including the importation, certification, and localization of our products required in foreign countries; 
                
    greater risk of a failure of foreign employees, channel partners, distributors, and resellers to comply with both U.S. and foreign laws, including antitrust regulations, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, U.S. or foreign sanctions regimes and export or import control laws, and any trade regulations ensuring fair trade practices; 
                
    heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements; 
                
    increased expenses incurred in establishing and maintaining office space and equipment for our international operations; 
                
    management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural and geographic dispersion; and 
                
    fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies in markets where we do business and related impact on sales cycles. 
     These and other factors could harm our ability to gain future international revenues and, consequently, materially impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. The expansion of our existing international operations and entry into additional international markets will require significant management attention and financial resources. Our failure to successfully manage our international operations and the associated risks effectively could limit the future growth of our business. 
  Further, we are subject to risks associated with changes in economic and political conditions in countries in which we operate or sell our products and subscriptions. For instance, on June 23, 2016, the U.K. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the E.U., commonly referred to as  Brexit.  As a result of the referendum, it is expected that the British government will begin negotiating the terms of the U.K. s withdrawal from the E.U. A withdrawal could, among other outcomes, disrupt the free movement of goods, services and people between the U.K. and the E.U., undermine bilateral cooperation in key policy areas and significantly disrupt trade between the U.K. and the E.U.; however, the full effects of Brexit are uncertain and will depend on any agreements the U.K. makes to retain access to E.U. markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. In addition, Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the U.K. determines which E.U. laws to replace or replicate. Given these possibilities and others we may not anticipate, as well as the lack of comparable precedent, the full extent to which our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected by Brexit is uncertain. 
  The announcement of Brexit and the withdrawal of the U.K. from the E.U. may also create global economic uncertainty, which may cause our end-customers to closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending budgets. Any of these effects of Brexit, among others noted above, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
  We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and operating results. 
  Our sales contracts are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore, substantially all of our revenue is not subject to foreign currency risk. However, including the announcement of Brexit, there has been, and may continue to be, significant volatility in global stock markets and foreign currency exchange rates that resulted in the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in which we conduct business. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar increases the real cost of our platform to our end-customers outside of the United States and may lead to delays in the purchase of our products, subscriptions, and support, and the lengthening of our sales cycle. If the U.S. dollar continues to strengthen, this could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. In addition, increased international sales in the future, including through our channel partners and other partnerships, may result in greater foreign currency denominated sales, increasing our foreign currency risk.  
  Our operating expenses incurred outside the United States and denominated in foreign currencies are increasing and are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If we are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. We have entered into forward contracts in an effort to reduce our foreign currency exchange exposure related to our euro-denominated expenditures for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017. As of   October 31, 2016  , the total notional amount of our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts was   $63.8 million  . Refer to Note   4  . Derivative Instruments of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information on our hedging transactions. The effectiveness of our existing hedging transactions and the availability and effectiveness of any hedging transactions we may decide to enter into in  
  
   -   37   - 

     Table of Contents  

the future may be limited and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
  A small number of channel partners represent a large percentage of our revenue and gross accounts receivable. We are exposed to the credit and liquidity risk of some of our channel partners and to credit exposure in weakened markets, which could result in material losses. 
  For the   first quarter   of fiscal   2017  ,   two   distributors represented   57.0%   of our total revenue, and as of   October 31, 2016  ,   three   distributors represented   64.8%   of our gross accounts receivable. Most of our sales to our channel partners are made on an open credit basis. Although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate these risks, we cannot guarantee these programs will be effective in reducing our credit risks, especially as we expand our business internationally. If we are unable to adequately control these risks, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed. 
  A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
  Sales to government entities are subject to a number of risks. Selling to government entities can be highly competitive, expensive, and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. The substantial majority of our sales to date to government entities have been made indirectly through our channel partners. Government certification requirements for products and subscriptions like ours may change, thereby restricting our ability to sell into the federal government sector until we have attained the revised certification. If our products and subscriptions are late in achieving or fail to achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, or our competitors achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, we may be disqualified from selling our products and subscriptions to such governmental entity, or be at a competitive disadvantage, which would harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Government demand and payment for our products and subscriptions may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles, contracting requirements, and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products and subscriptions. Government entities may have statutory, contractual, or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our distributors and resellers for convenience or due to a default, and any such termination may adversely impact our future operating results. Governments routinely investigate and audit government contractors  administrative processes, and any unfavorable audit could result in the government refusing to continue buying our products and subscriptions, a reduction of revenue, or fines or civil or criminal liability if the audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, which could adversely impact our operating results in a material way. Finally, for purchases by the U.S. government, the U.S. government may require certain products to be manufactured in the United States and other relatively high cost manufacturing locations, and we may not manufacture all products in locations that meet such requirements, affecting our ability to sell these products and subscriptions to the U.S. government. 
  Our ability to sell our products and subscriptions is dependent on the quality of our technical support services and those of our channel partners, and the failure to offer high-quality technical support services could have a material adverse effect on our end-customers  satisfaction with our products and subscriptions, our sales, and our operating results. 
  After our products and subscriptions are deployed within our end-customers  networks, our end-customers depend on our technical support services, as well as the support of our channel partners, to resolve any issues relating to our products. Our channel partners often provide similar technical support for third parties  products, and may therefore have fewer resources to dedicate to the support of our products and subscriptions. If we or our channel partners do not effectively assist our end-customers in deploying our products and subscriptions, succeed in helping our end-customers quickly resolve post-deployment issues, or provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell additional products and subscriptions to existing end-customers would be adversely affected and our reputation with potential end-customers could be damaged. Many larger enterprise, service provider, and government entity end-customers have more complex networks and require higher levels of support than smaller end-customers. If we or our channel partners fail to meet the requirements of these larger end-customers, it may be more difficult to execute on our strategy to increase our coverage with larger end-customers. Additionally, if our channel partners do not effectively provide support to the satisfaction of our end-customers, we may be required to provide direct support to such end-customers, which would require us to hire additional personnel and to invest in additional resources. It can take several months to recruit, hire, and train qualified technical support employees. We may not be able to hire such resources fast enough to keep up with unexpected demand, particularly if the sales of our products exceed our internal forecasts. As a result, our ability, and the ability of our channel partners to provide adequate and timely support to our end-customers will be negatively impacted, and our end-customers  satisfaction with our products and subscriptions will be adversely affected. Additionally, to the extent that we may need to rely on our sales engineers to provide post-sales support while we are ramping our support resources, our sales productivity will be negatively impacted, which would harm our revenues. Our or our channel partners  failure to provide and maintain high-quality support services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
  
   -   38   - 

     Table of Contents  

We may acquire other businesses, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results. 
  As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products, or technologies. For example, in December 2013, we acquired Morta Security, Inc., in April 2014, we acquired Cyvera Ltd. ( Cyvera ), and in May 2015, we acquired CirroSecure, Inc., all of which were cybersecurity companies. Our ability as an organization to acquire and integrate other companies, products, or technologies in a successful manner is unproven. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates is difficult, and we may not be able to complete such acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete future acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals and business strategy, we may be subject to claims or liabilities assumed from an acquired company, product, or technology, and any acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by our end-customers, investors, and securities analysts. In addition, if we are unsuccessful at integrating past or future acquisitions, or the technologies associated with such acquisitions, into our company, the revenue and operating results of the combined company could be adversely affected. Any integration process may require significant time and resources, which may disrupt our ongoing business and divert management s attention, and we may not be able to manage the integration process successfully. We may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology or personnel, realize anticipated synergies from the acquisition, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction and integration of such acquisition, including accounting charges and any potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets recognized in connection with such acquisitions. We may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity or equity-linked securities to pay for any future acquisitions, each of which could adversely affect our financial condition or the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, the sale of equity or issuance of equity-linked debt to finance any future acquisitions could result in dilution to our stockholders. See the risk factors entitled  Our failure to raise additional capital or generate the significant capital necessary to expand our operations and invest in new products and subscriptions could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business  and  The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans, the conversion of our Notes or exercise of the related warrants, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders.  The occurrence of any of these risks could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other rights could harm our business. 
  Companies in the enterprise security industry own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. Third parties have asserted and may in the future assert claims of infringement of intellectual property rights against us. For example, in December 2011, Juniper, one of our competitors, filed a lawsuit against us alleging patent infringement. In September 2013, we filed a lawsuit against Juniper alleging patent infringement. In May 2014, we entered into a Settlement, Release and Cross-License Agreement with Juniper to resolve all pending disputes between Juniper and us, including dismissal of all pending litigation. 
  Third parties may also assert such claims against our end-customers or channel partners, whom our standard license and other agreements obligate us to indemnify against claims that our products and subscriptions infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. In addition, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited, that they have divulged proprietary or other confidential information, or that their former employers own their inventions or other work product. Furthermore, we may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our technology or products and subscriptions. As the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur, infringement claims may increase. While we intend to increase the size of our patent portfolio, our competitors and others may now and in the future have significantly larger and more mature patent portfolios than we have. In addition, litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners who have no relevant product revenue and against whom our own patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence or protection. In addition, we have not registered our trademarks in all of our geographic markets and failure to secure those registrations could adversely affect our ability to enforce and defend our trademark rights. Any claim of infringement by a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim, could distract our management from our business, and could require us to cease use of such intellectual property. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. A successful claimant could secure a judgment or we may agree to a settlement that prevents us from distributing certain products or performing certain services or that requires us to pay substantial damages, royalties, or other fees. Any of these events could seriously harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
  Our proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce or protect, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our products or subscriptions without compensating us. 
  We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent, and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We have filed various applications for certain aspects of our intellectual property. Valid patents may not issue from our pending applications, and the claims eventually allowed on any patents may not be sufficiently broad to  
  
   -   39   - 

     Table of Contents  

protect our technology or products and subscriptions. We cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our pending patent applications or that we were the first to file for patent protection, which could prevent our patent applications from issuing as patents or invalidate our patents following issuance. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Any issued patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and any rights granted under these patents may not actually provide adequate defensive protection or competitive advantages to us. Additional uncertainty may result from changes to patent-related laws and court rulings in the United States and other jurisdictions. As a result, we may not be able to obtain adequate patent protection or effectively enforce any issued patents. 
  Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or subscriptions or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. We generally enter into confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors, and end-customers, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. However, we cannot be certain that we have entered into such agreements with all parties who may have or have had access to our confidential information or that the agreements we have entered into will not be breached. We cannot guarantee that any of the measures we have taken will prevent misappropriation of our technology. Because we may be an attractive target for computer hackers, we may have a greater risk of unauthorized access to, and misappropriation of, our proprietary information. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the United States. From time to time, we may need to take legal action to enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Attempts to enforce our rights against third parties could also provoke these third parties to assert their own intellectual property or other rights against us, or result in a holding that invalidates or narrows the scope of our rights, in whole or in part. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights (including aspects of our software and products protected other than by patent rights), we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the additional expense, time, and effort required to create the innovative products that have enabled us to be successful to date. Any of these events would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
  Our use of open source software in our products and subscriptions could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subscriptions and subject us to possible litigation. 
  Our products and subscriptions contain software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under  open source  licenses. Some open source licenses contain requirements that we make available applicable source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source software we use. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar products or subscriptions with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of product sales for us. 
  Although we monitor our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our products and subscriptions to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by United States courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and subscriptions. From time to time, there have been claims against companies that distribute or use open source software in their products and subscriptions, asserting that open source software infringes the claimants  intellectual property rights. We could be subject to suits by parties claiming infringement of intellectual property rights in what we believe to be licensed open source software. If we are held to have breached the terms of an open source software license, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our products and subscriptions on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our products and subscriptions, to discontinue the sale of our products and subscriptions if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or assurance of title or controls on origin of the software. In addition, many of the risks associated with usage of open source software, such as the lack of warranties or assurances of title, cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect our business. We have established processes to help alleviate these risks, including a review process for screening requests from our development organizations for the use of open source software, but we cannot be sure that our processes for controlling our use of open source software in our products and subscriptions will be effective. 
  We license technology from third parties, and our inability to maintain those licenses could harm our business. 
  We incorporate technology that we license from third parties, including software, into our products and subscriptions. We cannot be certain that our licensors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties or that our licensors have sufficient rights  
  
   -   40   - 

     Table of Contents  

to the licensed intellectual property in all jurisdictions in which we may sell our products and subscriptions. In addition, some licenses may be non-exclusive, and therefore our competitors may have access to the same technology licensed to us. Some of our agreements with our licensors may be terminated for convenience by them. If we are unable to continue to license any of this technology because of intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against our licensors or against us, or if we are unable to continue our license agreements or enter into new licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to develop and sell products and subscriptions containing such technology would be severely limited, and our business could be harmed. Additionally, if we are unable to license necessary technology from third parties, we may be forced to acquire or develop alternative technology, which we may be unable to do in a commercially feasible manner or at all, and we may be required to use alternative technology of lower quality or performance standards. This would limit and delay our ability to offer new or competitive products and subscriptions and increase our costs of production. As a result, our margins, market share, and operating results could be significantly harmed. 
  We face risks associated with having operations and employees located in Israel. 
  As a result of our acquisition of Cyvera, we have offices and employees located in Israel. As a result, political, economic, and military conditions in Israel directly affect our operations. The future of peace efforts between Israel and its Arab neighbors remains uncertain. There has been a significant increase in hostilities and political unrest between Hamas and Israel in the past few years. The effects of these hostilities and violence on the Israeli economy and our operations in Israel are unclear, and we cannot predict the effect on us of further increases in these hostilities or future armed conflict, political instability or violence in the region. Current or future tensions and conflicts in the Middle East could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
  In addition, many of our employees in Israel are obligated to perform annual reserve duty in the Israeli military and are subject to being called for active duty under emergency circumstances. We cannot predict the full impact of these conditions on us in the future, particularly if emergency circumstances or an escalation in the political situation occurs. If many of our employees in Israel are called for active duty for a significant period of time, our operations and our business could be disrupted and may not be able to function at full capacity. Any disruption in our operations in Israel could adversely affect our business. 
  Our failure to adequately protect personal information could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  A wide variety of provincial, state, national, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data. These data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations are evolving and being tested in courts and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny as well as escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Further, the interpretation and application of foreign laws and regulations in many cases is uncertain, and our legal and regulatory obligations in foreign jurisdictions are subject to frequent and unexpected changes, including the potential for various regulatory or other governmental bodies to enact new or additional laws or regulations, to issue rulings that invalidate prior laws or regulations, or to increase penalties significantly. For example, the recently adopted E.U. General Data Protection Regulation imposes more stringent data protection requirements, and provides for greater penalties for noncompliance. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or to protect personal data, could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by end-customers and other affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing end-customers and prospective end-customers), any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance, and business. Evolving and changing definitions of personal data and personal information, within the E.U., the United States, and elsewhere, especially relating to classification of IP addresses, machine identification, location data, and other information, may limit or inhibit our ability to operate or expand our business, including limiting strategic partnerships that may involve the sharing of data. Even the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and inhibit adoption of our products and subscriptions by current and future end-customers. 
  We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets. 
  Because we incorporate encryption technology into our products, certain of our products are subject to U.S. export controls and may be exported outside the United States only with the required export license or through an export license exception. If we were to fail to comply with U.S. export licensing requirements, U.S. customs regulations, U.S. economic sanctions, or other laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines, incarceration for responsible employees and managers, and the possible loss of export or import privileges. Obtaining the necessary export license for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products to U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, and persons. Even though we take precautions to ensure that our channel partners comply with all relevant regulations, any failure by our channel partners to comply with such regulations could have negative consequences for us, including reputational harm, government investigations, and penalties. 
  In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology, including through import permit and license requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or could limit our end-customers  ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in our products or changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products into international markets, prevent our end-customers with international operations from deploying  
  
   -   41   - 

     Table of Contents  

our products globally or, in some cases, prevent or delay the export or import of our products to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential end-customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export to or sell our products in international markets would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
  Our failure to raise additional capital or generate the significant capital necessary to expand our operations and invest in new products and subscriptions could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business. 
  We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features to enhance our platform, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional equity or equity-linked financing, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the market price of our common stock could decline. For example, in June 2014, we issued 0.0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 (the  Notes ) and any conversion of some or all of the Notes into common stock will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares upon conversion of any of the Notes. See the risk factor entitled  The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans, the conversion of our Notes, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders.  Furthermore, if we engage in additional debt financing, the holders of our debt would have priority over the holders of our common stock, and we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness. We may also be required to take other actions that would otherwise be in the interests of the debt holders and would require us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios, any of which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected. 
  We have a corporate structure aligned with the international nature of our business activities, and if we do not achieve increased tax benefits as a result of our corporate structure, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
  We have reorganized our corporate structure and intercompany relationships to more closely align with the international nature of our business activities. This corporate structure may allow us to reduce our overall effective tax rate through changes in how we use our intellectual property, international procurement, and sales operations. This corporate structure may also allow us to obtain financial and operational efficiencies. These efforts require us to incur expenses in the near term for which we may not realize related benefits. If the structure is not accepted by the applicable taxing authorities, if there are any changes in domestic and international tax laws that negatively impact the structure, including proposed legislation to reform U.S. taxation of international business activities and recent guidance regarding base erosion and profit shifting ( BEPS ) provided by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, or if we do not operate our business consistent with the structure and applicable tax provisions, we may fail to achieve the reduction in our overall effective tax rate and the other financial and operational efficiencies that we anticipate as a result of the structure and our future financial condition and operating results may be negatively impacted. 
  We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. 
  Our income tax obligations are based in part on our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in which we develop, value, and use our intellectual property and the valuations of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our business, including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, are subject to interpretation and certain jurisdictions may aggressively interpret their laws in an effort to raise additional tax revenue. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, which could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and operating results. It is possible that tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our financial position and operating results. Further, the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment by management, and there are transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our condensed consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 
  If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the  
  
   -   42   - 

     Table of Contents  

results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue, and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. For more information, refer to the section entitled  Critical Accounting Estimates  in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. If our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from our assumptions, our operating results may be adversely affected and could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
  Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations could harm our business. 
  Our business is subject to regulation by various federal, state, local, and foreign governmental agencies, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing employment and labor laws, workplace safety, product safety, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, anti-bribery laws, import/export controls, federal securities laws, and tax laws and regulations. In certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than those in the United States. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties, or injunctions. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation resulting from any alleged noncompliance, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions, litigation, and sanctions could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  If we fail to comply with environmental requirements, our business, financial condition, operating results, and reputation could be adversely affected. 
  We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations including laws governing the hazardous material content of our products and laws relating to the collection of and recycling of electrical and electronic equipment. Examples of these laws and regulations include the E.U. Restriction on the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive ( RoHS ) and the E.U. Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive ( WEEE Directive ), as well as the implementing legislation of the E.U. member states. Similar laws and regulations have been passed or are pending in China, South Korea, Norway, and Japan and may be enacted in other regions, including in the United States, and we are, or may in the future be, subject to these laws and regulations. 
  The E.U. RoHS and the similar laws of other jurisdictions limit the content of certain hazardous materials such as lead, mercury, and cadmium in the manufacture of electrical equipment, including our products. Our current products comply with the E.U. RoHS requirements. However, if there are changes to this or other laws (or their interpretation) or if new similar laws are passed in other jurisdictions, we may be required to reengineer our products to use components compatible with these regulations. This reengineering and component substitution could result in additional costs to us or disrupt our operations or logistics. 
  The WEEE Directive requires electronic goods producers to be responsible for the collection, recycling, and treatment of such products. Changes in interpretation of the directive may cause us to incur costs or have additional regulatory requirements to meet in the future in order to comply with this directive, or with any similar laws adopted in other jurisdictions. 
  We are also subject to environmental laws and regulations governing the management of hazardous materials, which we use in small quantities in our engineering labs. Our failure to comply with past, present, and future similar laws could result in reduced sales of our products, substantial product inventory write-offs, reputational damage, penalties, and other sanctions, any of which could harm our business and financial condition. We also expect that our products will be affected by new environmental laws and regulations on an ongoing basis. To date, our expenditures for environmental compliance have not had a material impact on our operating results or cash flows, and although we cannot predict the future impact of such laws or regulations, they will likely result in additional costs and may increase penalties associated with violations or require us to change the content of our products or how they are manufactured, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism. 
  Both our corporate headquarters and the location where our products are manufactured are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. In addition, other natural disasters, such as fire or floods, a significant power outage, terrorism, or other geo-political unrest could affect our supply chain, manufacturers, logistics providers, channel partners, or end-customers or the economy as a whole and such disruption could impact our shipments and sales. These risks may be further increased if the disaster recovery plans for us and our suppliers prove to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above should result in delays or cancellations of customer orders, the loss of customers, or the delay in the manufacture, deployment, or shipment of our products, our business, financial condition, and operating results would be adversely affected. 
  
   -   43   - 

     Table of Contents  

Risks Related to Our Notes 
  We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes or to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Notes. 
  Holders of the Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, upon conversion of the Notes, we will be required to make cash payments for each $1,000 in principal amount of Notes converted of at least the lesser of $1,000 and the sum of the daily conversion values. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Notes surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to Notes being converted. 
  In addition, our ability to repurchase or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes may be limited by law, regulatory authority or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase the Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture governing the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. A default under the indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes. 
  We may still incur substantially more debt or take other actions that would diminish our ability to make payments on the Notes when due. 
  We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt instruments, some of which may be secured debt. We are not restricted under the terms of the indenture governing the Notes from incurring additional debt, securing existing or future debt, recapitalizing our debt or taking a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the indenture governing the Notes that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on the Notes when due. While the terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, any such restrictions will indirectly benefit holders of the Notes only to the extent any such indebtedness or credit facility is not repaid or does not mature while the Notes are outstanding. 
  Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
  Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance. 
  From time to time, we have released, and may continue to release, guidance in our quarterly earnings releases, quarterly earnings conference calls, or otherwise, regarding our future performance that represents our management s estimates as of the date of release. This guidance, which includes forward-looking statements, has been and will be based on projections prepared by our management. These projections are not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and neither our registered public accountants nor any other independent expert or outside party compiles or examines the projections. Accordingly, no such person expresses any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect to the projections. 
  Projections are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. The rapidly evolving market in which we operate may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and our future prospects, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. We intend to state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed. However, actual results will vary from our guidance and the variations may be material. The principal reason that we release guidance is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook as of the date of release with analysts and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such persons. Investors are urged not to rely upon our guidance in making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 
  Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances set forth in this  Risk Factors  section in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q could result in our actual operating results being different from our guidance, and the differences may be adverse and material. 
  The market price of our common stock historically has been volatile and the value of your investment could decline. 
  The market price of our common stock has been volatile since our initial public offering ( IPO ). Since shares of our common stock were sold in our IPO in July 2012 at a price of $42.00 per share, the reported high and low sales prices of our common stock has  
  
   -   44   - 

     Table of Contents  

ranged from   $200.55   to   $39.08  , through   November 11, 2016  . The market price of our common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 
             
    announcements of new products, subscriptions or technologies, commercial relationships, strategic partnerships, acquisitions or other events by us or our competitors; 
                
    price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
                
    news announcements that affect investor perception of our industry, including reports related to the discovery of significant cyber attacks; 
                
    significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of technology companies in general and of companies in our industry; 
                
    fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares or the size of our public float; 
                
    actual or anticipated changes in our operating results or fluctuations in our operating results; 
                
    whether our operating results meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 
                
    actual or anticipated changes in the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 
                
    inaccurate or unfavorable research reports about our business and industry published by securities analysts or reduced coverage of our company by securities analysts; 
                
    litigation involving us, our industry, or both; 
                
    regulatory developments in the United States, foreign countries or both; 
                
    major catastrophic events; 
                
    sales of large blocks of our common stock or substantial future sales by our directors, executive officers, employees and significant stockholders; 
                
    sales of our common stock by investors who view the Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in us; 
                
    hedging or arbitrage trading activity involving our common stock as a result of the existence of the Notes; 
                
    departures of key personnel; or 
                
    economic uncertainty around the world, in particular, macroeconomic challenges in Europe. 
     The market price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results, or financial condition and as a result of events that do not directly affect us. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources from our business. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans, the conversion of our Notes or exercise of the related warrants, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 1.0 billion shares of common stock and up to 100.0 million shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as may be determined by our board of directors. Subject to compliance with applicable rules and regulations, we may issue shares of common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock from time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investment, our stock incentive plans, the conversion of our Notes, the settlement of our warrants, or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
  We cannot guarantee that our recently announced share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance shareholder value, and share repurchases could affect the price of our common stock. 
  In August 2016, our board of directors authorized a $500.0 million share repurchase which will be funded from available working capital. The repurchase authorization will expire on August 31, 2018. Although our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program, the share repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. The share repurchase program could affect the price of our common stock, increase volatility and diminish our cash reserves. In addition, it may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the price of our common stock. 
  
   -   45   - 

     Table of Contents  

The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of our common stock. 
  In connection with the sale of the Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with certain counterparties. We also entered into warrant transactions with the counterparties pursuant to which we sold warrants for the purchase of our common stock. The convertible note hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of any converted Notes. The warrants could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of the warrants unless, subject to certain conditions, we elect to cash settle the warrants. 
  The counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of Notes). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the Notes, which could affect a Note holder s ability to convert the Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of Notes, it could affect the amount and value of the consideration that such Note holder will receive upon conversion of the Notes. 
  We do not make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the Notes or our common stock. In addition, we do not make any representation that the counterparties or their respective affiliates will engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. 
  We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
  We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the future. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our common stock if the market price of our common stock increases. 
  The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 
  As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ), and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs, made some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly, and increased demand on our systems and resources. Among other things, the Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to meet the requirements of this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results. Although we have already hired additional employees to comply with these requirements, we may need to hire even more employees in the future, which will increase our costs and expenses. 
  In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards related to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expense and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
  We also expect that being a public company and these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain and maintain director and officer liability insurance, and in the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee, and qualified executive officers. 
  We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete our analysis of our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or this internal control may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
  While we were able to determine in our management s report for fiscal   2016   that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, as well as provide an unqualified attestation report from our independent registered public accounting firm to that effect, we  
  
   -   46   - 

     Table of Contents  

may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing, and any required remediation in a timely fashion, may be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective, or our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in the future. In the event that our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, or independent registered public accounting firm determines in the future that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we could be subject to one or more investigations or enforcement actions by state or federal regulatory agencies, stockholder lawsuits or other adverse actions requiring us to incur defense costs, pay fines, settlements or judgments and causing investor perceptions to be adversely affected and potentially resulting in a decline in the market price of our stock. 
  Our charter documents and Delaware law, as well as certain provisions of our Notes, could discourage takeover attempts and lead to management entrenchment, which could also reduce the market price of our common stock. 
  Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
             
    establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with three-year staggered terms; 
                
    authorize our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval; 
                
    provide our board of directors with the exclusive right to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director; 
                
    prohibit our stockholders from taking action by written consent; 
                
    specify that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairman of our board of directors, our president, our secretary, or a majority vote of our board of directors; 
                
    require the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the voting stock, voting together as a single class, to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to the issuance of preferred stock and management of our business or our amended and restated bylaws; 
                
    authorize our board of directors to amend our bylaws by majority vote; and 
                
    establish advance notice procedures with which our stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders  meeting. 
     These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for our stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of management. In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us for a certain period of time. Additionally, certain provisions of our Notes could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire us. The application of Section 203 or certain provisions of our Notes also could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us. Any of these provisions could, under certain circumstances, depress the market price of our common stock. 
  
   -   47   - 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
     Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
  The following table summarizes stock repurchases during the three months ended October 31, 2016 (in millions, except per share amounts): 

______________ 
           (1) 
    On August 26, 2016, our board of directors authorized a $500.0 million share repurchase which will be funded from available working capital. Repurchases may be made at management s discretion from time to time on the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, block purchase techniques, 10b5-1 trading plans, or a combination of the foregoing. The repurchase authorization will expire on August 31, 2018, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
              (2) 
    Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.  
      
           ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS 
     The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
  
   -   48   - 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
  Date:    November 21, 2016    
    
                       PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ S  TEFFAN   C. T  OMLINSON 
        
    Steffan C. Tomlinson 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 
        
    (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

-   49   - 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

* 
    Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
                
    The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

-   50   - 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 panwex101q117_amendmentno1.htm
 AMENDMENT TO LEASE BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND SANTA CLARA CAMPUS PROPERTY OWNER I

Exhibit 

Amendment No. 1 to Building E Lease 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LEASE 
  This   AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LEASE   ( Amendment ) is dated as of this 16   th    day of September, 2016 (the  Amendment Date ), by and between   SANTA CLARA CAMPUS PROPERTY OWNER I     LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company ( Landlord ) and   PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC.  , a Delaware corporation ( Tenant ). 
  RECITALS 
  A.      Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Lease dated as of May 28, 2015 (the  Lease ) for premises (as more particularly described in the Lease, the  Leased Premises ) estimated to contain approximately 290,000 rentable square feet of floor area (+/- 5,000 rentable square feet), consisting of the entirety of one (1) building located in the City of Santa Clara, County of Santa Clara, State of California and defined in such Lease as  Building E  and all as more particularly described in the Lease; and   
  B.      Landlord and Tenant now desire to amend the Lease on the terms and conditions set forth herein.   
  AGREEMENT 
  NOW THEREFORE,   for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 
  1.  Definitions.    All capitalized terms used in this Amendment but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Lease.   
  2.  Base Monthly Rent  .  The amount of Base Monthly Rent payable under the Lease (and under the Lump Sum Payment Amendment attached as Exhibit F to the Lease) is hereby amended as set forth in this Paragraph 2.  The Base Monthly Rent schedule set forth in Article 1 of the Lease (and in the Lump Sum Payment Amendment) is calculated based upon the Leased Premises containing 290,000 rentable square feet of space, which is subject to measurement as described in the  Leased Premises  definition set forth in Article 1 and adjustment.  Upon final determination of the Base Monthly Rent after such measurement and adjustment, the amount of each Base Monthly Rent payment due pursuant to Article 1 of the Lease (and the Lump Sum Payment Amendment) shall be further adjusted by adding $19,649.75 to each such payment except those payments which would otherwise be zero ($0). 
  3.  Measurement of the Leased Premises  .   
  (a)    The second sentence of the definition of  Leased Premises  set forth in Article 1 of the Lease is hereby amended by deleting the following clause at the beginning thereof:  Within thirty (30) days after the Lease Commencement Date . 
  (b)    The first sentence of Paragraph 2.1(b) of the Lease is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:   The rentable square footage of the Leased Premises shall be re-measured utilizing the BOMA Method at any time after the exterior walls of the Building have been installed, upon not less than five (5) business days  prior written notice from Landlord to Tenant.  
  (c)        For purposes of clarification, the BOMA Method will measure the Gross Building Area, and references in the Lease to  rentable square footage  resulting from the re-measurement  
  
   1 

Amendment No. 1 to Building E Lease 

of the Leased Premises pursuant to Paragraph 2.1(b) of the Lease shall be deemed to refer to such Gross Building Area.    
  4.  Landlord s Work.    The Work Letter is hereby amended by deleting Exhibit A-1 attached thereto and replacing it with   Exhibit A-1   attached to this Amendment.  In addition, the Final Base Building Plans as defined in Paragraph 1 of the Work Letter are listed on   Schedule 1   attached to this Amendment.    Schedule 1   also contains certain plans for elements of Landlord s Work which do not require City approval.  In the event of a conflict between   Exhibit A-1   attached to this Amendment (on the one hand) and   Schedule 1   (on the other),   Schedule 1   shall control;   provided, however  , that the allocations of responsibility between Landlord and Tenant for construction of various items listed on   Exhibit A-1   shall control over   Schedule 1   in the event of a conflict relating thereto. 
  5.  Delivery Date  .   
  (a)    Paragraph 2.3 and Paragraphs 2.4(a) and (b) of the Lease are hereby amended to delete the date of  November 1, 2016  therein and replace it with  December 1, 2016.  
  (b)    In no event shall the Delivery Date pursuant to the Lease occur prior to December 1, 2016. 
  (c)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Amendment or the Lease (including the exhibits and attachments thereto), any item identified on   Exhibit A-1   or   Schedule 1   attached to this Amendment as being part of the Tenant Improvements (the  Tenant Improvement Items ) shall not be included within Landlord s Work for any reason, including for purposes of Landlord s obligations to deliver Building in the Required Delivery Condition or the Leased Premises Substantially Complete.  Without limiting the foregoing or the applicability of Tenant Delay, if Landlord is unable to satisfy any requirement set forth in any of clauses (i) through (iii) of Paragraph 2.4(a) or clauses (i) through (vii) of Paragraph 2.4(c) of the Lease at a point in time (the  Relevant Time ) due solely to the failure of any Tenant Improvement Items to then be completed, Landlord shall be excused from having to satisfy such requirement, to the extent prevented from doing so by such failure, until the applicable Tenant Improvement Item has been completed, and for purposes of determining the date on which the Building was delivered in the Required Delivery Condition or the Leased Premises were delivered Substantially Complete, such date shall be deemed to have occurred at the Relevant Time. 
  6.  Lease Commencement Date  .  Tenant hereby exercises its right pursuant to Paragraph 2.3 of the Lease to extend the Lease Commencement Date for an additional sixty (60) days.  Accordingly, Landlord and Tenant agree that the reference to  six (6) months  in Paragraph 2.3 of the Lease is hereby deleted and replaced with  eight (8) months .  Tenant acknowledges that Tenant has no further right to extend the Lease Commencement Date pursuant to the last sentence of Paragraph 2.3 of the Lease. 
  7.  Condition Precedent To Lease Amendment.   Landlord s obligations hereunder are subject to the receipt by Landlord, no later than fifteen (15) business days after the date hereof, of the Lender s Consent, as hereinafter defined.  Landlord hereby agrees to use diligent efforts to obtain the Lender s Consent by such date; however, if Landlord does not receive the Lender s Consent by such date, this Amendment shall, at Landlord s option, thereupon be deemed terminated and of no further force or effect, and neither party shall have any further rights, obligations, or liabilities hereunder.  As used herein, the term  Lender s Consent  means a written consent to this Amendment, in form reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, executed by the holder of the promissory note secured by any deed of trust encumbering the fee interest in the real property of which the Leased Premises are a part. 
  
   2 

Amendment No. 1 to Building E Lease 

8.  Ratification.    The Lease, as amended by this Amendment, is hereby ratified by Landlord and Tenant and Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that the Lease, as so amended, shall continue in full force and effect. 
  9.  Miscellaneous. 
  9.1        Voluntary Agreement.    The parties have read this Amendment and the mutual releases contained in it, and on the advice of counsel they have freely and voluntarily entered into this Amendment. 
  9.2        Attorney s Fees.    If either party commences an action against the other party arising out of or in connection with this Amendment, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party, reasonable attorney s fees and costs of suit. 
  9.3        Successors.    This Amendment shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors. 
  9.4        Counterparts.    This Amendment may be signed in two or more counterparts.  When at least one such counterpart has been signed by each party, this Amendment shall be deemed to have been fully executed, each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, and all counterparts shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. 
  [SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 
  
   3 

Amendment No. 1 to Building E Lease 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   Landlord and Tenant have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
                   
    TENANT: 
    
  PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC.   , a Delaware corporation 

By:      /s/ Mark D. McLaughlin 
  Printed Name:   Mark D. McLaughlin 
  Title: Chief Executive Officer 
    
  By:   /s/ Steffan Tomlinson 
  Printed Name:   Steffan Tomlinson 
  Title:  Chief Financial Officer 

LANDLORD: 
    
  SANTA CLARA CAMPUS PROPERTY OWNER I LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company 

By:   Santa Clara Phase III REIT LLC,  
               a Delaware limited liability company, 
               its Sole Member 
    
               By:   Santa Clara Campus Partners LLC,  
                           a Delaware limited liability company, 
                           its Manager 
    
                           By:   Menlo Equities Development Company IX                              
                                       LLC, 
                                        a California limited liability company, 
                                        its Manager 
    
                                        By:   Menlo Equities V LLC, 
                                                    a California limited liability company, 
                                                    its Manager 
    
                                                    By:   Menlo Legacy Holdings,                   
                                                                 L.P., a California limited   
                                                                 partnership, 
                                                                 its Managing Member 
    
                                                           By:   /s/ Henry D. Bullock 
                                                                       Henry D. Bullock, President 

4 

SCHEDULE 1 
  LIST OF PLANS 

5 

EXHIBIT A-1 TO WORK LETTER 
  The Campus@3333 Scott 
  Landlord's Warm Shell 
  8-Story Base Building   Core 
  (Restrooms, Stairwells, HVAC, Elevators, Electrical/MPOE) 
    
  GENERAL DESCRIPTION:   Landlord's shell and core will comply with all codes and regulations, including fire, building, Title 24 and ADA. Building will be LEED Silver.  The Approved Plans include the following: 

The building is a steel frame structure with glass, metal and thin-shell concrete window wall system.   
                
    Interior brace frames with exterior moment frames.   
                
    Glass/metal frame entry doors.   
                
    Roof screen is included.    
                
    15  floor-to-floor clearance on ground floor and 14  on upper floors to allow for an 11 +/- ceiling height on the ground floor and a 10  +/- finished ceiling on the upper floors. 
                
    Three stairs.  Center stair to be open between floors 1-4 and floors 5-8. 
                
    15mil Stego vapor barrier installed under building slabs.  
                
    Ground floor and upper floor elevator lobbies to be completed by Tenant as part of TIs. 
       
  CONCRETE FLOORS 

The floors will be designed for structural loading capability that can accommodate the placement of furnishings, fixtures and equipment that is consistent with the needs of a typical office tenant (live load of 100psf). 
       
  EXTERIOR GLASS 

Exterior glass Title 24 compliant, insulated, free from scratches, nicks, cracks, marring and the intrusion of weather.   
       
  ELEVATORS  

Center opening doors with 9 -3  cab finished ceiling height.   
                
    Finished interior cabs, except floors, which will be finished by Tenant to match Tenant s ground floor lobby. 
                
    All elevator cars, lobby call lanterns and call buttons in compliance with all codes and regulations. 
                
    No freight elevator provided. 
                
    Two-stop dumbwaiter. 
                
    No elevator cars security card readers; part of TIs.   
       
  PERIMETER CONDITIONS AND BUILDING CORE (Landlord installed restrooms, elevators, stairwells and electrical rooms)  

Lights, finished walls, ceiling and floor tile provided in restrooms and exit corridors only; lights and unfinished walls in electrical rooms. Toilet exhaust at restrooms included. IT closets are part of TI construction except ground floor MPOE room.   
                
    Code required exit stairwells with painted walls, finished ceilings, handrails, lights and noise reducing epoxy sealed floors stairs and landings  The center stairwell is open with exposed steel and cable railings; additional finishes installed by Tenant with TIs. 
                
    Exposed window wall system.  Completed window assembly with painted metal frames.   
                
    Exterior building envelope insulation as per Title 24, roof insulation and firesafing are included.   No drywall is included except in the core areas. Core walls are framed, drywalled and fire taped finish.   
                
    Code compliant paint grade finished wood and metal doors, complete with frame, trim and hardware, installed at all stairwells, toilet rooms and service areas.  Finish mutually agreed to by Tenant and Landlord.  
     
   6 

Intumescent paint in lieu of fireproofing on steel beams/columns and center open stairwell, mutually agreed to by Landlord and Tenant. 
       
  PERIMETER WINDOW COVERINGS 
  
  Tenant shall install window blinds and/or shades as part of TIs, subject to Landlord approval. 
    
  TOILET ROOMS  

Women's and men's toilet rooms designed and constructed in compliance with current code requirements, laws and recommendations for size and quantity, including the Americans with Disabilities Act/Title 24, except that (1) Landlord will provide two additional toilet stalls and one additional sink per restroom and (2) the 2   nd    floor restrooms shall be designed and installed by Tenant.  The design and finish,  mutually approved by Landlord and Tenant, include the following:  
              o 
    Water (hot and cold) shall be provided for all toilet rooms. 
              o 
    Lavatory counters shall have high quality solid surface tops with recessed lavatories.  
              o 
    All faucets shall have auto-sensors. 
              o 
    Code required wet walls shall be finished with full height ceramic tile.  
              o 
    Includes floor drains. 
              o 
    The ceilings shall be painted with semi-gloss paint. 
              o 
    Toilet partitions shall be floor mounted; baked enamel or P-lam. 
              o 
    Urinal partitions shall be wall mounted.  
              o 
    Low flow toilets and urinals shall be wall mounted in all restrooms. 
              o 
    Code compliant lighting only. 
                
    All fixtures are porcelain and ADA compliant.  
                
    Accessories include: 
              o 
    Recessed seat cover dispenser 
              o 
    Recessed paper towel dispenser/waste receptacles 
              o 
    Recessed feminine napkin vendor 
              o 
    Recessed mounted roll toilet tissue dispensers 
              o 
    Handicap grab bar as required by code 
              o 
    Lavatory soap dispensers 
       
  WASTE WATER AND VENT SYSTEM (PLUMBING)  

One cold water line, two hot water lines, a sanitary waste and vent on every floor for Tenant's use, size to be mutually determined.  All plumbing required for TIs, including any break areas, to be installed by Tenant as part of TIs.  
                
    An ADA accessible drinking water refrigerated fountain installed on each floor.  Domestic water booster pump, if required.  
                
    Underslab plumbing to support TIs, mutually agreed by Landlord and Tenant. 
        
  HVAC SYSTEM 

Built-up HVAC system: 760 tons of cooling with two rooftop chillers and two cooling towers, suitable for standard office use. 
                
    Supply and exhaust ductwork and air outlets for warm shell  core  areas installed by Landlord. 
                
    Rooftop boilers and hot water line vertically distributed and valved to each floor included. 
                
    Stairwell pressurization fans with vertical distribution as required to meet code. 
                
    Fire/smoke control system inclusive of smoke removal fans, damper and overriding controls at fire control room.  
                
    Tenant to install all additional exhaust and HVAC systems related to TIs, including connecting to the base building energy management system. 
     
   7 

SUPPLEMENTAL and 24 hour HVAC 

Supplied by Tenant in TI construction.  Landlord to provide a rooftop equipment pad within Landlord s roof screen area for Tenant s supplemental HVAC units or other equipment. 
       
  ELECTRICAL AND POWER SYSTEM  

Normal power distribution system with vertical bus duct riser feeding lighting and power bus circuit breakers at each floor and rooftop HVAC.  
                
    Emergency distribution system consisting of standby generator, distribution board at ground floor with life safety and legally required automatic transfer switches, distribution boards and feeders.  
                
    Step-down transformers in electrical rooms on all upper floors provided. 
                
    Landlord to provide switchgear and panels in the main electrical room sufficient to distribute power to accommodate the core, landscape lighting, HVAC, elevators and fire alarm.  
                 
    Receptacles provided in the Landlord installed restrooms and exit corridors.  
                
    Downlights and specialty lighting provided in the Landlord installed restrooms and stairs.    
                
    Each building is to be separately metered.  Landlord will coordinate with the utility companies to have meter installed at Landlord s cost.   
                
    Landlord to upsize the 1,250KW code required emergency generator for Buildings E and F to 1,500KW for Tenant s use.   
                
    No Backup Power Supply supplied by Landlord.   
                
    Emergency supply and exhaust fan service. 
                
    Emergency elevator service. 
                
    Emergency fire pump and tank per code. 
                
    Egress lighting to be fed by generator.  
                
    DAS system. 
       
  FIRE   LIFE SAFETY SYSTEMS 

Major fire line throughout the building with sprinkler heads pointing up in unfinished interior space.  Complete sprinkler assembly in Landlord installed restrooms and stairwells.  Fire monitoring system for base building with core; adequately sized to allow tenant to expand as part of TIs. 
                
    Includes fire pump and water tanks, per code.  
                
    Monitoring provided for sprinklers, elevators and HVAC base building and core systems per code.  Tenant to expand monitoring for TI.    
                
    Landlord to provide required Fire/Life Safety systems per code.  
       
  SECURITY ACCESS SYSTEMS 

None provided.  Supplied by Tenant in TI construction if desired by Tenant.  Landlord to provide rough-in provisions at locations requested by Tenant. 
       
  TELECOMMUNICATION 

Landlord will provide four 4  conduits into the ground floor MPOE room in each building from central underground telecom vaults on site which all service providers can access. 
                
    Tenant is responsible for distribution of its teledata/IT from the MPOE/IDF rooms to rest of the building. 
                
    Landlord will provide roof top space and conduit from the IDF room for Tenant's satellite dish.  Tenant is responsible for installing its satellite dish. 
       
  PARKING 

Landlord is to install all surface parking and Parking Structure-P1 as shown on the Approved Plans, excluding Parking Structure-P2 and surface parking surrounding Parking Structure-P2 and Building G. 

8 

LANDSCAPE 

Landlord is to provide landscape and hardscape at all common areas as shown on the Approved Plans, including added electrical and AV mutually agreed upon by Landlord and Tenant, but expressly excluding landscaping and hardscaping surrounding Building G and Parking Structure-P2. 
                
    Bike storage areas will be provided in Parking Structure-P1. 
                
    The landscaped areas are to be planted such that areas containing flowers shall mature within one year of initial occupancy.  Areas planted with shrubs and trees shall mature within two years of initial occupancy.   
                
    All landscaped path of pedestrian travel areas to be lighted and irrigated with electrically controlled automatic systems. 
       
  LOADING DOCK 

No trash compactors.   
       
  ELECTRIC VEHICLE STATIONS 

Installation of 50 dual EV stations (supplied by Tenant) or 100 EV spaces in Parking Structure-P1 North (in each case half of which belong to and are allocated to Building E and half of which belong to and are allocated to Building F). Transformer and electrical panel breakers sized for 100 dual EV stations to allow for an additional 100 EV spaces to be installed by Tenant in the future (in each case half of which belong to and are allocated to Building E and half of which belong to and are allocated to Building F). 
                
    Installation of 100 dual EV stations (supplied by Landlord) or 200 EV spaces in Parking Structure-P1 South. 

9 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 panwex102q117_amendmentno1.htm
 AMENDMENT TO LEASE BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND SANTA CLARA CAMPUS PROPERTY OWNER I

Exhibit 

Amendment No. 1 to Building G Lease 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LEASE 
  This   AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LEASE   ( Amendment ) is dated as of this 16   th    day of September, 2016 (the  Amendment Date ), by and between   SANTA CLARA CAMPUS PROPERTY OWNER I     LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company ( Landlord ) and   PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC.  , a Delaware corporation ( Tenant ). 
  RECITALS 
  A.      Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Lease dated as of October 7, 2015 (the  Lease ) for premises (as more particularly described in the Lease, the  Leased Premises ) estimated to contain approximately 310,000 rentable square feet of floor area, consisting of the entirety of one (1) building located in the City of Santa Clara, County of Santa Clara, State of California and defined in such Lease as  Building G  and all as more particularly described in the Lease; and   
  B.      Landlord and Tenant now desire to amend the Lease on the terms and conditions set forth herein.   
  AGREEMENT 
  NOW THEREFORE,   for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 
  1.  Definitions.    All capitalized terms used in this Amendment but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Lease.   
  2.  Base Monthly Rent  .  The amount of Base Monthly Rent payable under the Lease (and under the Lump Sum Payment Amendment attached as Exhibit F to the Lease) is hereby amended as set forth in this Paragraph 2.  The Base Monthly Rent schedule set forth in Article 1 of the Lease (and in the Lump Sum Payment Amendment) is calculated based upon the Leased Premises containing 310,000 rentable square feet of space, which is subject to measurement as described in the  Leased Premises  definition set forth in Article 1 and adjustment.  Upon final determination of the Base Monthly Rent after such measurement and adjustment, the amount of each Base Monthly Rent payment due pursuant to Article 1 of the Lease (and the Lump Sum Payment Amendment) shall be further adjusted by adding $22,097.76 to each such payment except those payments which would otherwise be zero ($0). 
  3.  Measurement of the Leased Premises  .   
  (a)    The second sentence of the definition of  Leased Premises  set forth in Article 1 of the Lease is hereby amended by deleting the following clause at the beginning thereof:  Within thirty (30) days after the Lease Commencement Date . 
  (b)    The first sentence of Paragraph 2.1(b) of the Lease is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:   The rentable square footage of the Leased Premises shall be re-measured utilizing the BOMA Method at any time after the exterior walls of the Building have been installed, upon not less than five (5) business days  prior written notice from Landlord to Tenant.  
  (c)    For purposes of clarification, the BOMA Method will measure the Gross Building Area, and references in the Lease to  rentable square footage  resulting from the re-measurement  
  
   1 

Amendment No. 1 to Building G Lease 

of the Leased Premises pursuant to Paragraph 2.1(b) of the Lease shall be deemed to refer to such Gross Building Area.    
  4.  Landlord s Work.    The Work Letter is hereby amended by deleting Exhibit A-1 attached thereto and replacing it with   Exhibit A-1   attached to this Amendment.  In addition, the Final Base Building Plans as defined in Paragraph 1 of the Work Letter are listed on   Schedule 1   attached to this Amendment.    Schedule 1   also contains certain plans for elements of Landlord s Work which do not require City approval.  In the event of a conflict between   Exhibit A-1   attached to this Amendment (on the one hand) and   Schedule 1   (on the other),   Schedule 1   shall control;   provided, however  , that the allocations of responsibility between Landlord and Tenant for construction of various items listed on   Exhibit A-1   shall control over   Schedule 1   in the event of a conflict relating thereto. 
  5.  Delivery Date  .  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Amendment or the Lease (including the exhibits and attachments thereto), any item identified on   Exhibit A-1   or   Schedule 1   attached to this Amendment as being part of the Tenant Improvements (the  Tenant Improvement Items ) shall not be included within Landlord s Work for any reason, including for purposes of Landlord s obligations to deliver Building in the Required Delivery Condition or the Leased Premises Substantially Complete.  Without limiting the foregoing or the applicability of Tenant Delay, if Landlord is unable to satisfy any requirement set forth in any of clauses (i) through (iii) of Paragraph 2.4(a) or clauses (i) through (ii) of Paragraph 2.4(c) of the Lease at a point in time (the  Relevant Time ) due solely to the failure of any Tenant Improvement Items to then be completed, Landlord shall be excused from having to satisfy such requirement, to the extent prevented from doing so by such failure, until the applicable Tenant Improvement Item has been completed, and for purposes of determining the date on which the Building was delivered in the Required Delivery Condition or the Leased Premises were delivered Substantially Complete, such date shall be deemed to have occurred at the Relevant Time. 
  6.  Condition Precedent To Lease Amendment.   Landlord s obligations hereunder are subject to the receipt by Landlord, no later than fifteen (15) business days after the date hereof, of the Lender s Consent, as hereinafter defined.  Landlord hereby agrees to use diligent efforts to obtain the Lender s Consent by such date; however, if Landlord does not receive the Lender s Consent by such date, this Amendment shall, at Landlord s option, thereupon be deemed terminated and of no further force or effect, and neither party shall have any further rights, obligations, or liabilities hereunder.  As used herein, the term  Lender s Consent  means a written consent to this Amendment, in form reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, executed by the holder of the promissory note secured by any deed of trust encumbering the fee interest in the real property of which the Leased Premises are a part. 
  7.  Ratification.    The Lease, as amended by this Amendment, is hereby ratified by Landlord and Tenant and Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that the Lease, as so amended, shall continue in full force and effect. 
  8.  Miscellaneous. 
  8.1        Voluntary Agreement.    The parties have read this Amendment and the mutual releases contained in it, and on the advice of counsel they have freely and voluntarily entered into this Amendment. 
  8.2        Attorney s Fees.    If either party commences an action against the other party arising out of or in connection with this Amendment, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party, reasonable attorney s fees and costs of suit. 
  
   2 

Amendment No. 1 to Building G Lease 

8.3        Successors.    This Amendment shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors. 
  8.4        Counterparts.    This Amendment may be signed in two or more counterparts.  When at least one such counterpart has been signed by each party, this Amendment shall be deemed to have been fully executed, each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, and all counterparts shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. 
  [SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 
  
   3 

Amendment No. 1 to Building G Lease 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   Landlord and Tenant have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
                   
    TENANT: 
    
  PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC.   , a Delaware corporation 

By:    /s/ Mark D. McLaughlin 
  Printed Name:   Mark D. McLaughlin 
  Title: Chief Executive Officer 
    
  By:   /s/ Steffan Tomlinson 
  Printed Name:   Steffan Tomlinson 
  Title: Chief Financial Officer 

LANDLORD: 
    
  SANTA CLARA CAMPUS PROPERTY OWNER I LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company 

By:   Santa Clara Phase III REIT LLC,  
               a Delaware limited liability company, 
               its Sole Member 
    
               By:   Santa Clara Campus Partners LLC,  
                           a Delaware limited liability company, 
                           its Manager 
    
                           By:   Menlo Equities Development Company IX                              
                                       LLC, 
                                        a California limited liability company, 
                                        its Manager 
    
                                        By:   Menlo Equities V LLC, 
                                                    a California limited liability company, 
                                                    its Manager 
    
                                                    By:   Menlo Legacy Holdings,                   
                                                                 L.P., a California limited   
                                                                 partnership, 
                                                                 its Managing Member 
    
                                                           By:   /s/ Henry D. Bullock 
                                                                       Henry D. Bullock, President 

4 

SCHEDULE 1 
  LIST OF PLANS 

5 

EXHIBIT A-1 TO WORK LETTER 
    
  The Campus@3333 Scott 
  Landlord's Warm Shell 
  8-Story Base Building   Core 
  (Restrooms, Stairwells, HVAC, Elevators, Electrical/MPOE) 
    
  GENERAL DESCRIPTION:   Landlord's shell and core will comply with all codes and regulations, including fire, building, Title 24 and ADA. Building will be LEED Silver.  The Approved Plans include the following: 

The building is a steel frame structure with glass, metal and thin-shell concrete window wall system.   
                
    Interior brace frames with exterior moment frames.   
                
    Glass/metal frame entry doors.   
                
    Roof screen is included.    
                
    15  floor-to-floor clearance on ground floor and 14  on upper floors to allow for an 11 +/- ceiling height on the ground floor and a 10  +/- finished ceiling on the upper floors. 
                
    Three stairs.  Center stair to be open between floors 1-4 and floors 5-8. 
                
    15mil Stego vapor barrier installed under building slabs.  
                
    Ground floor and upper floor elevator lobbies to be completed by Tenant as part of TIs. 
       
  CONCRETE FLOORS 

The floors will be designed for structural loading capability that can accommodate the placement of furnishings, fixtures and equipment that is consistent with the needs of a typical office tenant (live load of 100psf), except structural components added for high density loads due to upsized rooftop HVAC equipment. 
       
  EXTERIOR GLASS 

Exterior glass Title 24 compliant, insulated, free from scratches, nicks, cracks, marring and the intrusion of weather.   
       
  ELEVATORS  

Center opening doors with 9 -3  cab finished ceiling height.   
                
    Finished interior cabs, except floors, which will be finished by Tenant to match Tenant s ground floor lobby. 
                
    All elevator cars, lobby call lanterns and call buttons in compliance with all codes and regulations. 
                 
    No elevator cars security card readers; part of TIs.   
       
  PERIMETER CONDITIONS AND BUILDING CORE (restrooms, elevators, stairwells and electrical rooms)  

Lights, finished walls, ceiling and floor tile provided in restrooms and exit corridors only; lights and unfinished walls in electrical rooms. Toilet exhaust at restrooms included. IT closets are part of TI construction except ground floor MPOE room.   
                
    Code required exit stairwells with painted walls, finished ceilings, handrails, lights and noise reducing epoxy sealed floors stairs and landings  The center stairwell is open with exposed steel and cable railings; additional finishes installed by Tenant with TIs. 
                
    Exposed window wall system.  Completed window assembly with painted metal frames.   
                
    Exterior building envelope insulation as per Title 24, roof insulation and firesafing are included.   No drywall is included except in the core areas. Core walls are framed, drywalled and fire taped finish.   
                
    Code compliant paint grade finished wood and metal doors, complete with frame, trim and hardware, installed at all stairwells, toilet rooms and service areas.  Finish mutually agreed to by Tenant and Landlord.  
     
   6 

Additional double exit doors in Building G at grade. Intumescent paint in lieu of fireproofing on steel beams/columns and center open stairwell, mutually agreed to by Landlord and Tenant. 
    
  PERIMETER WINDOW COVERINGS 
  
  Tenant shall install window blinds and/or shades as part of TIs, subject to Landlord approval. 
    
  TOILET ROOMS  

Women's and men's toilet rooms designed and constructed in compliance with current code requirements, laws and recommendations for size and quantity, including the Americans with Disabilities Act/Title 24, except that Landlord will provide two additional toilet stalls and one additional sink per restroom.  The design and finish, mutually approved by Landlord and Tenant, include the following:  
              o 
    Water (hot and cold) shall be provided for all toilet rooms. 
              o 
    Lavatory counters shall have high quality solid surface tops with recessed lavatories.  
              o 
    All faucets shall have auto-sensors. 
              o 
    Code required wet walls shall be finished with full height ceramic tile.  
              o 
    Includes floor drains. 
              o 
    The ceilings shall be painted with semi-gloss paint. 
              o 
    Toilet partitions shall be floor mounted; baked enamel or P-lam. 
              o 
    Urinal partitions shall be wall mounted.  
              o 
    Low flow toilets and urinals shall be wall mounted in all restrooms. 
              o 
    Code compliant lighting only. 
                
    All fixtures are porcelain and ADA compliant.  
                
    Accessories include: 
              o 
    Recessed seat cover dispenser 
              o 
    Recessed paper towel dispenser/waste receptacles 
              o 
    Recessed feminine napkin vendor 
              o 
    Recessed mounted roll toilet tissue dispensers 
              o 
    Handicap grab bar as required by code 
              o 
    Lavatory soap dispensers 
       
  WASTE WATER AND VENT SYSTEM (PLUMBING)  

One cold water line, two hot water lines, a sanitary waste and vent on every floor for Tenant's use, size to be mutually determined.  All plumbing required for TIs, including any break areas, to be installed by Tenant as part of TIs.  
                
    An ADA accessible drinking water refrigerated fountain installed on each floor.  Domestic water booster pump, if required.  
                
    Underslab plumbing to support TIs, mutually agreed by Landlord and Tenant. 
        
  HVAC SYSTEM 

Built-up HVAC system: 760 tons of cooling with two rooftop chillers and two cooling towers plus roof top space for an additional chiller and cooling tower.   
                
    Supply and exhaust ductwork and air outlets for warm shell  core  areas installed by Landlord. 
                
    Rooftop boilers and hot water line vertically distributed and valved to each floor included. 
                
    Stairwell pressurization fans with vertical distribution as required to meet code. 
                
    Fire/smoke control system inclusive of smoke removal fans, damper and overriding controls at fire control room.  
                
    Tenant to install all additional exhaust and HVAC systems related to TIs, including connecting to the base building energy management system. 
     
   7 

SUPPLEMENTAL and 24 hour HVAC 

Supplied by Tenant in TI construction.  Landlord to provide a rooftop equipment pad within Landlord s roof screen area for Tenant s supplemental HVAC units or other equipment. 
       
  ELECTRICAL AND POWER SYSTEM  

12KV primary service with 3,000amps for typical office use plus infrastructure for an additional 3,000amps for non-standard office use per Approved Plans. 
                
    Power distribution system with vertical bus duct riser feeding lighting and power bus circuit breakers at each floor and rooftop HVAC.  
                
    Emergency distribution system consisting of standby generator, distribution board at ground floor with life safety and legally required automatic transfer switches, distribution boards and feeders.  
                
    Step-down transformers in electrical rooms on all upper floors provided. 
                
    Landlord to provide switchgear and panels in the main electrical room sufficient to distribute power to accommodate the core, landscape lighting, HVAC, elevators and fire alarm.  
                 
    Receptacles provided in the Landlord installed restrooms and exit corridors.  
                
    Downlights and specialty lighting provided in the Landlord installed restrooms and stairs.    
                
    Each building is to be separately metered.  Landlord will coordinate with the utility companies to have meter installed at Landlord s cost.   
                
    Emergency Generator as required by code.    
                
    No Backup Power Supply supplied by Landlord.   
                
    Emergency supply and exhaust fan service. 
                
    Emergency elevator service. 
                
    Emergency fire pump and tank per code. 
                
    Egress lighting to be fed by generator.  
                
    DAS system. 
       
  FIRE   LIFE SAFETY SYSTEMS 

Major fire line throughout the building with sprinkler heads pointing up in unfinished interior space.  Complete sprinkler assembly in Landlord installed restrooms and stairwells.  Fire monitoring system for base building with core; adequately sized to allow tenant to expand as part of TIs. 
                
    Includes fire pump and water tanks, per code.  
                
    Monitoring provided for sprinklers, elevators and HVAC base building and core systems per code.  Tenant to expand monitoring for TI.    
                
    Landlord to provide required Fire/Life Safety systems per code.  
       
  SECURITY ACCESS SYSTEMS 

None provided.  Supplied by Tenant in TI construction if desired by Tenant.  Landlord to provide rough-in provisions at locations requested by Tenant. 
       
  TELECOMMUNICATION 

Landlord will provide four 4  conduits into the ground floor MPOE room in each building from central underground telecom vaults on site which all service providers can access. 
                
    Tenant is responsible for distribution of its teledata/IT from the MPOE/IDF rooms to rest of the building. 
                
    Landlord will provide roof top space and conduit from the IDF room for Tenant's satellite dish.  Tenant is responsible for installing its satellite dish. 
       
  PARKING 

Landlord is to install all surface parking and Parking Structure-P2 as shown on the Site Plan. 

8 

LANDSCAPE 

Landlord is to provide landscape and hardscape at all common areas surrounding the building and Parking Structure-P2 as shown on the Approved Plans. 
                
    Bike storage areas will be provided in Parking Structure   P2. 
                
    The landscaped areas are to be planted such that areas containing flowers shall mature within one year of initial occupancy.  Areas planted with shrubs and trees shall mature within two years of initial occupancy.   
                
    All landscaped path of pedestrian travel areas to be lighted and irrigated with electrically controlled automatic systems. 
       
  LOADING DOCK 

One depressed and one grade level loading dock between Buildings G and H. 
                
    No trash compactors.   
       
  ELECTRIC VEHICLE STATIONS 

Conduit from Parking Structure   P2 electrical room to 75 dual EV stations (150 parking spaces) in Parking Structure   P2.  
     
   9 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 panwex103q117_amendmentno2.htm
 AMENDMENT TO LEASE BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND SANTA CLARA CAMPUS PROPERTY OWNER I

Exhibit 

Amendment No. 2 to Building F and Amenities Building H Lease 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO LEASE 
  This   AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO LEASE   ( Amendment ) is dated as of this 16   th    day of September, 2016 (the  Amendment Date ), by and between   SANTA CLARA CAMPUS PROPERTY OWNER I     LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company ( Landlord ) and   PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC.  , a Delaware corporation ( Tenant ). 
  RECITALS 
  A.      Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Lease dated as of May 28, 2015, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Lease dated November 9, 2015 (collectively, the  Lease ) for premises (as more particularly described in the Lease, the  Leased Premises ) estimated to contain approximately 340,000 rentable square feet of floor area (+/- 8,000 rentable square feet), consisting of the entirety of the two (2) buildings located in the City of Santa Clara, County of Santa Clara, State of California and defined in such Lease as  Building F  and  Amenities Building H,  all as more particularly described in the Lease; and   
  B.      Landlord and Tenant now desire to amend the Lease on the terms and conditions set forth herein.   
  AGREEMENT 
  NOW THEREFORE,   for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 
  1.  Definitions.    All capitalized terms used in this Amendment but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Lease.   
  2.  Base Monthly Rent  .  The amount of Base Monthly Rent payable under the Lease (and under the Lump Sum Payment Amendment attached as Exhibit F to the Lease) is hereby amended as set forth in this Paragraph 2.  The Base Monthly Rent schedule set forth in Article 1 of the Lease (and in the Lump Sum Payment Amendment) is calculated based upon the Leased Premises containing 340,000 rentable square feet of space, which is subject to measurement as described in the  Leased Premises  definition set forth in Article 1 and adjustment.  Upon final determination of the Base Monthly Rent after such measurement and adjustment, the amount of each Base Monthly Rent payment due pursuant to Article 1 of the Lease (and the Lump Sum Payment Amendment) shall be further adjusted by adding $59,318.67 to each such payment except those payments which would otherwise be zero ($0). 
  3.  Measurement of the Leased Premises  .   
  (a)    The second sentence of the definition of  Leased Premises  set forth in Article 1 of the Lease is hereby amended by deleting the following clause at the beginning thereof:  Within thirty (30) days after the Lease Commencement Date . 
  (b)    The first sentence of Paragraph 2.1(b) of the Lease is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:   The rentable square footage of the Leased Premises shall be re-measured utilizing the BOMA Method at any time after the exterior walls of the Buildings have been installed, upon not less than five (5) business days  prior written notice from Landlord to Tenant.  
  (c)    For purposes of clarification, the BOMA Method will measure the Gross Building Area, and references in the Lease to  rentable square footage  resulting from the re-measurement  
  
   1 

Amendment No. 2 to Building F and Amenities Building H Lease 

of the Leased Premises pursuant to Paragraph 2.1(b) of the Lease shall be deemed to refer to such Gross Building Area.  
  4.  Landlord s Work.    The Work Letter is hereby amended by deleting Exhibit A-1 and Exhibit A-2 attached thereto and replacing them with   Exhibit A-1   and   Exhibit A-2   attached to this Amendment.  In addition, the Final Base Building Plans as defined in Paragraph 1 of the Work Letter are listed on   Schedule 1   attached to this Amendment.    Schedule 1   also contains certain plans for elements of Landlord s Work which do not require City approval.  In the event of a conflict between either   Exhibit A-1   or   Exhibit A-2   attached to this Amendment (on the one hand) and   Schedule 1   (on the other),   Schedule 1   shall control;   provided, however  , that the allocations of responsibility between Landlord and Tenant for construction of various items listed on   Exhibit A-1   and   Exhibit A-2   shall control over   Schedule 1   in the event of a conflict relating thereto. 
  5.  Delivery Date  .   
  (a)    Paragraph 2.3 and Paragraphs 2.4(a) and (b) of the Lease are hereby amended to delete the date of  November 1, 2016  therein and replace it with  December 1, 2016.  
  (b)    Clause (iii) of the definition of  Required Delivery Condition  in Paragraph 2.4(a) of the Lease is hereby amended to read as follows:   to the extent required by the Santa Clara Building Code or other applicable Law, fireproofing is complete.     
  (c)    In no event shall the Delivery Date pursuant to the Lease occur prior to December 1, 2016. 
  (d)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Amendment or the Lease (including the exhibits and attachments thereto), any item identified on Exhibit A-1, Exhibit A-2 or Schedule 1 attached to this Amendment as being part of the Tenant Improvements (the  Tenant Improvement Items ) shall not be included within Landlord s Work for any reason, including for purposes of Landlord s obligations to deliver Buildings in the Required Delivery Condition or the Leased Premises Substantially Complete.  Without limiting the foregoing or the applicability of Tenant Delay, if Landlord is unable to satisfy any requirement set forth in any of clauses (i) through (iii) of Paragraph 2.4(a) or clauses (i) through (vii) of Paragraph 2.4(c) of the Lease at a point in time (the  Relevant Time ) due solely to the failure of any Tenant Improvement Items to then be completed, Landlord shall be excused from having to satisfy such requirement, to the extent prevented from doing so by such failure, until the applicable Tenant Improvement Item has been completed, and for purposes of determining the date on which the Buildings were delivered in the Required Delivery Condition or the Leased Premises were delivered Substantially Complete, such date shall be deemed to have occurred at the Relevant Time. 
  6.  Lease Commencement Date  .  Tenant hereby exercises its right pursuant to Paragraph 2.3 of the Lease to extend the Lease Commencement Date for an additional sixty (60) days.  Accordingly, Landlord and Tenant agree that the reference to  six (6) months  in Paragraph 2.3 of the Lease is hereby deleted and replaced with  eight (8) months .  Tenant acknowledges that Tenant has no further right to extend the Lease Commencement Date pursuant to the last sentence of Paragraph 2.3 of the Lease. 
  7.  Condition Precedent To Lease Amendment.   This Amendment and Landlord s and Tenant s obligations hereunder are subject to the receipt by Landlord, no later than fifteen (15) business days after the date hereof, of the Lender s Consent, as hereinafter defined.  Landlord hereby agrees to use diligent efforts to obtain the Lender s Consent by such date; however, if Landlord does not receive the Lender s Consent by such date, this Amendment may be terminated, at Landlord s or Tenant s option, by written notice  
  
   2 

Amendment No. 2 to Building F and Amenities Building H Lease 

delivered to the other party within five (5) business days after the expiration of such fifteen (15) business day period, and, upon delivery of such notice, this Amendment shall be deemed terminated and of no further force or effect, and neither party shall have any further rights, obligations, or liabilities hereunder.  As used herein, the term  Lender s Consent  means a written consent to this Amendment, in form reasonably satisfactory to Landlord and Tenant, executed by the holder of the promissory note secured by any deed of trust encumbering the fee interest in the real property of which the Leased Premises are a part. 
  8.  Ratification.    The Lease, as amended by this Amendment, is hereby ratified by Landlord and Tenant and Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that the Lease, as so amended, shall continue in full force and effect. 
  9.  Miscellaneous. 
  9.1        Voluntary Agreement.    The parties have read this Amendment and the mutual releases contained in it, and on the advice of counsel they have freely and voluntarily entered into this Amendment. 
  9.2        Attorney s Fees.    If either party commences an action against the other party arising out of or in connection with this Amendment, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party, reasonable attorney s fees and costs of suit. 
  9.3        Successors.    This Amendment shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors. 
  9.4        Counterparts.    This Amendment may be signed in two or more counterparts.  When at least one such counterpart has been signed by each party, this Amendment shall be deemed to have been fully executed, each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, and all counterparts shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. 
  [SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 
  
   3 

Amendment No. 2 to Building F and Amenities Building H Lease 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   Landlord and Tenant have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
                   
    TENANT: 
    
  PALO ALTO NETWORKS, INC.   , a Delaware corporation 
    
  By:    /s/ Mark D. McLaughlin 
  Printed Name:   Mark D. McLaughlin 
  Title: Chief Executive Officer 

By:   /s/ Steffan Tomlinson 
  Printed Name:   Steffan Tomlinson 
  Title:  Chief Financial Officer 

LANDLORD: 
    
  SANTA CLARA CAMPUS PROPERTY OWNER I LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company 

By:   Santa Clara Phase III REIT LLC,  
               a Delaware limited liability company, 
               its Sole Member 
    
               By:   Santa Clara Campus Partners LLC,  
                           a Delaware limited liability company, 
                           its Manager 
    
                           By:   Menlo Equities Development Company IX                              
                                       LLC, 
                                        a California limited liability company, 
                                        its Manager 
    
                                        By:   Menlo Equities V LLC, 
                                                    a California limited liability company, 
                                                    its Manager 
    
                                                    By:   Menlo Legacy Holdings,                   
                                                                 L.P., a California limited   
                                                                 partnership, 
                                                                 its Managing Member 
    
                                                           By:   /s/ Henry D. Bullock 
                                                                       Henry D. Bullock, President 

4 

SCHEDULE 1 
  LIST OF PLANS 

5 

EXHIBIT A-1 TO WORK LETTER 
    
  The Campus@3333 Scott 
  Landlord's Warm Shell 
  8-Story Base Building   Core 
  (Restrooms, Stairwells, HVAC, Elevators, Electrical/MPOE)  
    
  GENERAL DESCRIPTION:   Landlord's shell and core will comply with all codes and regulations, including fire, building, Title 24 and ADA. Building will be LEED Silver.  The Approved Plans include the following: 

The building is a steel frame structure with glass, metal and thin-shell concrete window wall system.   
                
    Interior brace frames with exterior moment frames.   
                
    Glass/metal frame entry doors.   
                
    Roof screen is included.    
                
    15  floor-to-floor clearance on ground floor and 14  on upper floors to allow for an 11 +/- ceiling height on the ground floor and a 10  +/- finished ceiling on the upper floors. 
                
    Three stairs.  Center stair to be open between floors 1-4 and floors 5-8. 
                
    15mil Stego vapor barrier installed under building slabs.  
                
    Ground floor and upper floor elevator lobbies to be completed by Tenant as part of TIs. 
       
  CONCRETE FLOORS 

The floors will be designed for structural loading capability that can accommodate the placement of furnishings, fixtures and equipment that is consistent with the needs of a typical office tenant (live load of 100psf), with structural components added for high density loads due to upsized rooftop HVAC equipment. 
       
  EXTERIOR GLASS 

Exterior glass Title 24 compliant, insulated, free from scratches, nicks, cracks, marring and the intrusion of weather.   
       
  ELEVATORS  

Center opening doors with 9 -3  cab finished ceiling height.   
                
    Finished interior cabs, except floors, which will be finished by Tenant to match Tenant s ground floor lobby. 
                
    All elevator cars, lobby call lanterns and call buttons in compliance with all codes and regulations. 
                 
    No elevator cars security card readers; part of TIs.    
       
  PERIMETER CONDITIONS AND BUILDING CORE (restrooms, elevators, stairwells and electrical rooms)  

Lights, finished walls, ceiling and floor tile provided in restrooms and exit corridors only; lights and unfinished walls in electrical rooms. Toilet exhaust at restrooms included. IT closets are part of TI construction except ground floor MPOE room.   
                
    Code required exit stairwells with painted walls, finished ceilings, handrails, lights and noise reducing epoxy sealed floors stairs and landings  The center stairwell is open with exposed steel and cable railings; additional finishes installed by Tenant with TIs. 
                
    Exposed window wall system.  Completed window assembly with painted metal frames.   
                
    Exterior building envelope insulation as per Title 24, roof insulation and firesafing are included.   No drywall is included except in the core areas. Core walls are framed, drywalled and fire taped finish.   
                
    Code compliant paint grade finished wood and metal doors, complete with frame, trim and hardware, installed at all stairwells, toilet rooms and service areas.  Finish mutually agreed to by Tenant and Landlord.  
                
    Intumescent paint in lieu of fireproofing on steel beams/columns and center open stairwell, mutually agreed to by Landlord and Tenant. 
     
   6 

PERIMETER WINDOW COVERINGS 
  
  Tenant shall install window blinds and/or shades as part of TIs, subject to Landlord approval. 
    
  TOILET ROOMS  

Women's and men's toilet rooms designed and constructed in compliance with current code requirements, laws and recommendations for size and quantity, including the Americans with Disabilities Act/Title 24, except that Landlord will provide two additional toilet stalls and one additional sink per restroom.  The design and finish,  mutually approved by Landlord and Tenant, include the following:  
              o 
    Water (hot and cold) shall be provided for all toilet rooms. 
              o 
    Lavatory counters shall have high quality solid surface tops with recessed lavatories.  
              o 
    All faucets shall have auto-sensors. 
              o 
    Code required wet walls shall be finished with full height ceramic tile.  
              o 
    Includes floor drains. 
              o 
    The ceilings shall be painted with semi-gloss paint. 
              o 
    Toilet partitions shall be floor mounted; baked enamel or P-lam. 
              o 
    Urinal partitions shall be wall mounted.  
              o 
    Low flow toilets and urinals shall be wall mounted in all restrooms. 
              o 
    Code compliant lighting only. 
                
    All fixtures are porcelain and ADA compliant.  
                
    Accessories include: 
              o 
    Recessed seat cover dispenser 
              o 
    Recessed paper towel dispenser/waste receptacles 
              o 
    Recessed feminine napkin vendor 
              o 
    Recessed mounted roll toilet tissue dispensers 
              o 
    Handicap grab bar as required by code 
              o 
    Lavatory soap dispensers 
       
  WASTE WATER AND VENT SYSTEM (PLUMBING)  

One cold water line, two hot water lines, a sanitary waste and vent on every floor for Tenant's use, size to be mutually determined.  All plumbing required for TIs, including any break areas, to be installed by Tenant as part of TIs.  
                
    An ADA accessible drinking water refrigerated fountain installed on each floor.  Domestic water booster pump, if required.  
                
    Underslab plumbing to support TIs, mutually agreed by Landlord and Tenant. 
        
  HVAC SYSTEM 

Built-up HVAC system: 1,950 tons of cooling with three rooftop chillers and three cooling towers 
                
    Supply and exhaust ductwork and air outlets for warm shell  core  areas installed by Landlord. 
                
    Rooftop boilers and hot water line vertically distributed and valved to each floor included. 
                
    Stairwell pressurization fans with vertical distribution as required to meet code. 
                
    Fire/smoke control system inclusive of smoke removal fans, damper and overriding controls at fire control room.  
                
    Tenant to install all additional exhaust and HVAC systems related to TIs, including connecting to the base building energy management system. 

7 

SUPPLEMENTAL and 24 hour HVAC 

Supplied by Tenant in TI construction.  Landlord to provide a rooftop equipment pad within Landlord s roof screen area for Tenant s supplemental HVAC units or other equipment. 
       
  ELECTRICAL AND POWER SYSTEM  

12KV primary service with 3,000amps for typical office use plus an additional 3,000amps for non-standard office use per Approved Plans. 
                
    Power distribution system with vertical bus duct riser feeding lighting and power bus circuit breakers at each floor and rooftop HVAC.  
                
    Emergency distribution system consisting of standby generator, distribution board at ground floor with life safety and legally required automatic transfer switches, distribution boards and feeders.  
                
    Step-down transformers in electrical rooms on all upper floors provided. 
                
    Landlord to provide switchgear and panels in the main electrical room sufficient to distribute power to accommodate the core, landscape lighting, HVAC, elevators and fire alarm.   
                 
    Receptacles provided in the Landlord installed restrooms and exit corridors.  
                
    Downlights and specialty lighting provided in the Landlord installed restrooms and stairs.    
                
    Each building is to be separately metered.  Landlord will coordinate with the utility companies to have meter installed at Landlord s cost.   
                
    Landlord to upsize the 1,250KW code required emergency generator for Buildings E and F to 1,500KW for Tenant s use.   
                
    No Backup Power Supply supplied by Landlord.   
                
    Emergency supply and exhaust fan service. 
                
    Emergency elevator service. 
                
    Emergency fire pump and tank per code. 
                
    Egress lighting to be fed by generator.  
                
    DAS system. 
       
  FIRE   LIFE SAFETY SYSTEMS 

Major fire line throughout the buildings with sprinkler heads pointing up in unfinished interior space.  Complete sprinkler assembly in Landlord installed restrooms and stairwells.  Fire monitoring system for base building with core; adequately sized to allow tenant to expand as part of TIs. 
                
    Includes fire pump and water tanks, per code.  
                
    Monitoring provided for sprinklers, elevators and HVAC base building and core systems per code.  Tenant to expand monitoring for TI.    
                
    Landlord to provide required Fire/Life Safety systems per code.  
       
  SECURITY ACCESS SYSTEMS 

None provided.  Supplied by Tenant in TI construction if desired by Tenant.  Landlord to provide rough-in provisions at locations requested by Tenant. 
       
  TELECOMMUNICATION 

Landlord will provide four 4  conduits into the ground floor MPOE room in each building from central underground telecom vaults on site which all service providers can access. 
                
    Landlord will provide four 4  conduits connecting Buildings E, F, G and H.  Two conduits will be run underslab to the IDF rooms; two conduits will be run overhead to a mutually agreed upon location within the buildings. 
                
    Tenant is responsible for distribution of its teledata/IT from the MPOE/IDF rooms to rest of the building. 
                
    Landlord will provide roof top space and conduit from the IDF room for Tenant's satellite dish.  Tenant is responsible for installing its satellite dish. 

8 

PARKING 

Landlord is to install all surface parking and Parking Structure-P1 as shown on the Approved Plans, excluding Parking Structure-P2 and surface parking surrounding Parking Structure-P2 and Building G. 
       
  LANDSCAPE 

Landlord is to provide landscape and hardscape at all common areas as shown on the Approved Plans, including added electrical and AV mutually agreed upon by Landlord and Tenant, but expressly excluding landscaping and hardscaping surrounding Building G and Parking Structure-P2. 
                
    Landlord to provide an elevated pedestrian walkway between Building E and Building F. 
                
    Landlord to provide an outdoor amphitheater and three tension courtyard shelters. 
                
    Landlord to provide an outdoor basketball court. 
                
    Bike storage areas will be provided in Parking Structure-P1. 
                
    The landscaped areas are to be planted such that areas containing flowers shall mature within one year of initial occupancy.  Areas planted with shrubs and trees shall mature within two years of initial occupancy.   
                
    All landscaped path of pedestrian travel areas to be lighted and irrigated with electrically controlled automatic systems. 
       
  LOADING DOCK 

Two depressed loading docks and one grade level loading dock provided in between Buildings E and F. 
                
    No trash compactors.   
       
  ELECTRIC VEHICLE STATIONS 

Installation of 50 dual EV stations (supplied by Tenant) or 100 EV spaces in Parking Structure-P1 North (in each case half of which belong to and are allocated to Building E and half of which belong to and are allocated to Building F). Transformer and electrical panel breakers sized for 100 dual EV stations to allow for an additional 100 EV spaces to be installed by Tenant in the future (in each case half of which belong to and are allocated to Building E and half of which belong to and are allocated to Building F). 
                
    Installation of 100 dual EV stations (supplied by Landlord) or 200 EV spaces in Parking Structure-P1 South. 

9 

EXHIBIT A-2 TO WORK LETTER 
    
  The Campus@3333 Scott 
  Landlord's Warm Shell 
  2-Story Amenity Base Building and Core 
  (Stairwell, HVAC, Elevators, Electrical/MPOE) 
    
  GENERAL DESCRIPTION:   Landlord's shell and core will comply with all codes and regulations, including fire, building, Title 24 and ADA.  Building is to achieve LEED Silver.  The Approved Plans include the following: 

The building is a steel frame structure with glass and precast concrete window wall system.  
                
    Interior brace frames.   
                
    Glass/metal frame entry doors.   
                
    Roof screen is included.    
                
    16  floor-to-floor clearance to allow for an 11  +/- finished ceilings. 
                
    Roof deck off of second floor with a capacity of 50. Furniture provided by Tenant. 
                
    Two exit stairwells provided by Landlord.   
                
    Building slab and 15 mil Stego vapor barrier installed under building slab by Tenant as part of TIs. 
                
    Landlord to provide an outdoor seating area for cafeteria dining and a BBQ station adjacent to Building H as mutually agreed by Landlord and Tenant.  Furniture provided by Tenant. 
        
  CONCRETE FLOORS 

The floors will be designed for structural loading capability that can accommodate the placement of furnishings, fixtures and equipment that is consistent with the needs of a typical office tenant - live load of 100psf.  High density loads by Tenant are not anticipated. 
       
  EXTERIOR GLASS 

Exterior glass Title 24 compliant, insulated, free from scratches, nicks, cracks, marring and the intrusion of weather.   
       
  ELEVATORS    

One passenger elevator is provided.   
                
    Center opening doors with 9 -3  cab finished ceiling height.   
                
    Finished interior cab, except floor, which will be finished by Tenant to match Tenant s interior space. 
                
    Elevator car, call lantern and call buttons in compliance with all codes and regulations. 
                
    No service elevator provided. 
                
    No elevator cars security card readers; part of TIs.   
       
  PERIMETER CONDITIONS AND BUILDING CORE (elevator, stairs and electrical rooms)  

Lights, finished walls, ceiling and floor tile provided in exit corridors only; lights and unfinished walls in electrical rooms. IT closets are part of TI construction except ground floor MPOE room.   
                
    Exposed window wall system.  Completed window assembly with painted metal frames.   
                
    Exterior building envelope insulation as per Title 24, roof insulation and firesafing are included.   No drywall is included except in the core: elevator, electrical room and stair as needed. Core walls are framed, drywalled and fire taped finish.   
                
    Code compliant paint grade finished doors, complete with frame, trim and hardware, installed in stairwell and service areas.  Finish mutually agreed to by Tenant and Landlord. 

10 

PERIMETER WINDOW COVERINGS 

Tenant shall install window blinds and/or shades as part of TIs, subject to Landlord approval. 
       
  TOILET ROOMS 

Toilet rooms installed by Tenant as part of TIs. 
       
  WASTE WATER AND VENT SYSTEM (PLUMBING)  

One 1  cold water line, two    hot water lines, a sanitary waste and vent on second floor for Tenant's use.   All plumbing required for TIs, including any cafeterias, break areas, toilet rooms, locker rooms and fitness centers, to be installed by Tenant as part of TIs.  
                 
    ADA accessible drinking water refrigerated fountains required by code installed by Tenant as part of TIs. 
       
  HVAC SYSTEM 

Sufficient capacity of HVAC with energy management controls provided by Landlord.   
                
    Rooftop boiler and hot water line vertically distributed and valved to each floor included. 
                
    Tenant to install all additional exhaust and HVAC systems related to TIs, including connecting to the base building energy management system. 
     SUPPLEMENTAL and 24 hour HVAC 

Supplied by Tenant in TI construction.  Landlord to provide a rooftop equipment pad within Landlord s roof screen area for Tenant s supplemental HVAC units or other equipment. 
       
  ELECTRICAL AND POWER SYSTEM  

Transformer and 800amp main switchboard with a house panel required for 277/480 volt service provided per SVP specifications.  Landlord to provide switchgear and panels in the main electrical room sufficient to distribute power to accommodate the core HVAC, elevators and fire alarm.  
                
    Downlights and specialty lighting provided in Landlord s installed stairwell.    
                
    Building is to be separately metered.  Landlord will coordinate with the utility companies to have meter installed at Landlord s cost.   
                
    No Emergency/Backup Power Supply and/or Generators supplied by Landlord for Tenant s use.   
                
    Emergency elevator service included if required by code. 
                
    Emergency Generator if required by code. 
                
    Egress lighting is battery back-up. 
       
  FIRE   LIFE SAFETY SYSTEMS 

Major fire line throughout the building with sprinkler heads pointing up in unfinished interior space.  Complete sprinkler assembly in Landlord installed stairwell.  Fire monitoring system for base building with core; adequately sized to allow tenant to expand as part of TIs. 
                
    Monitoring provided for sprinklers, elevators and HVAC base building and core systems per code.  Tenant to expand monitoring for TI.    
                
    Landlord to provide code required fire alarm sounding devices and strobe lights in base building and core areas.   
       
  SECURITY ACCESS SYSTEMS 

None provided.  Supplied by Tenant in TI construction if desired by Tenant.  Landlord to provide rough-in provisions at locations requested by Tenant. 

11 

TELECOMMUNICATION 

Landlord to provide four 4  conduits into the ground floor MPOE room from central underground telecom vaults on site which connect all of tenant s buildings to each other and allow service providers access. 
                
    Tenant is responsible for distribution of its teledata/IT from the MPOE/IDF rooms to rest of the building. 
                
    Landlord will provide roof top space for Tenant's satellite dish.  Tenant is responsible for installing its satellite dish. 

12 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-18.1>
 5
 panwex181q117_preferabilit.htm
 PREFERABILITY LETTER FROM INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 

November 21, 2016 
  Board of Directors 
  Palo Alto Networks, Inc. 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
  Note 1 of Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. included in its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 describes a change in the method of accounting for sales commissions that are incremental and directly related to non-cancelable customer sales contracts from recording an expense when incurred, to deferral and amortization of the sales commissions over the term of such contract in proportion to revenue. Prior to this change in accounting policy, commission costs were expensed in the period in which they were incurred. There is no authoritative criteria for determining a  preferable  sales commissions expense recognition method based on the particular circumstances; however, we conclude that such change in the method of accounting is to an acceptable alternative method which, based on your business judgment to make this change and for the stated reasons, is preferable in your circumstances. We have not conducted an audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board of any financial statements of the Company as of any date or for any period subsequent to July 31, 2016, and therefore we do not express any opinion on any financial statements of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. subsequent to that date.  
    
  Very truly yours,  
  Ernst   Young LLP 
  San Jose, California 

</EX-18.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 panwex311q117.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Mark D. McLaughlin, certify that: 
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Palo Alto Networks, Inc.; 
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ M  ARK   D. M  C  L  AUGHLIN 
      Mark D. McLaughlin 
      Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date:   November 21, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 panwex312q117.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Steffan C. Tomlinson, certify that: 
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Palo Alto Networks, Inc.; 
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ S  TEFFAN   C. T  OMLINSON 
      Steffan C. Tomlinson 
      Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   November 21, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 panwex321q117.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Mark D. McLaughlin, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. for the quarterly period ended   October 31, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. 

/s/   M  ARK   D. M  C  L  AUGHLIN 
      Mark D. McLaughlin 
      Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date:   November 21, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 panwex322q117.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Steffan C. Tomlinson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. for the quarterly period ended   October 31, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. 

/s/   S  TEFFAN   C. T  OMLINSON 
      Steffan C. Tomlinson 
      Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   November 21, 2016    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 panw-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 panw-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 panw-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 panw-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 panw-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 panw-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

