<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_730464_0001144204-16-131026_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7410656</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>182377</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>411019</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1847993</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3494173</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1326382</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>102</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131026.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102120611
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DEVRY EDUCATION GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730464
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				363150143
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0811

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13988
		FILM NUMBER:		161966818

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3005 HIGHLAND PARKWAY
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6305157700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3005 HIGHLAND PARKWAY
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DEVRY EDUCATION GROUP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DEVRY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131026.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 v450984_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q  

DeVry Education Group Inc.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

DELAWARE   
       36-3150143    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       Identification No.)    
 
       3005 HIGHLAND PARKWAY   
       60515    
 
       DOWNERS GROVE, ILLINOIS   
       (Zip Code)    
 
       (Address of principal executive offices)   

Registrant s telephone number; including
area code:  

  (630) 515-7700  

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months  
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)  ,
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes           No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes           No      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer       
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes         No      

Indicate the number of
shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

 October 27, 2016  
62,623,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value 

DEVRY EDUCATION GROUP INC.  

FORM 10-Q FOR THE   QUARTERLY PERIOD
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page #    

PART I
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
    1  
       
    Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Consolidated Balance Sheets    
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Income    
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)    
      5   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    
      6   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    
      7   
 
      Item
    2  
       
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
      31   
 
      Item
    3  
       
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
      47   
 
      Item
    4  
       
      Controls and Procedures    
      48   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
    1  
       
      Legal Proceedings    
      48   
 
      Item
    1A  
       
      Risk Factors    
      48   
 
      Item
    2  
       
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
      51   
 
      Item
    6  
       
      Exhibits    
      52   

Signatures    
      53   

DEVRY EDUCATION GROUP INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

DEVRY EDUCATION GROUP INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

DEVRY EDUCATION GROUP INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

DEVRY EDUCATION GROUP INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

DEVRY EDUCATION GROUP INC.  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 1: INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The interim Consolidated
Financial Statements include accounts of DeVry Education Group Inc. ( DeVry Group ) and its wholly-owned and majority-owned
subsidiaries. These financial statements are unaudited but, in the opinion of management, contain all adjustments, consisting of
normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the financial condition and results of operations of DeVry Group. The
June 30, 2016 data that is presented is derived from audited financial statements. 

The interim Consolidated
Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto contained in DeVry
Group's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ). 

The results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the entire fiscal year. 

NOTE 2: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Principles of Consolidation    

The Consolidated Financial
Statements include the accounts of DeVry Group and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Where our ownership interest is less than 100 percent, the noncontrolling
ownership interests are reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The noncontrolling ownership interest in our earnings is classified
as  Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest  in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Unless indicated, or
the context requires otherwise, references to years refer to DeVry Group s fiscal years. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents    

Cash and cash equivalents
can include time deposits, high-grade commercial paper, money market funds and bankers acceptances with original maturities of
three months or less. Short-term investment objectives are to minimize risk and maintain liquidity. These investments are stated
at cost (which approximates fair value) because of their short duration or liquid nature. DeVry Group places its cash and temporary
cash investments with high credit quality institutions. Cash and cash equivalent balances in U.S. bank accounts are generally in
excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance limit. Cash and cash equivalent balances in
Brazilian bank accounts are generally in excess of the deposit insurance limits for Brazilian banks. DeVry Group has not experienced
any losses on its cash and cash equivalents. 

Management periodically
evaluates the creditworthiness of the security issuers and financial institutions with which it invests and maintains deposit accounts. 

Financial Aid and
Restricted Cash  

A significant portion
of revenue is received from students who participate in government financial aid and assistance programs which are subject to political
and governmental budgetary considerations. There is no assurance that such funding will be maintained at current levels. Extensive
and complex regulations in the U.S. and Brazil govern all of the government financial assistance programs in which students participate.
Administration of these programs is periodically reviewed by various regulatory agencies. Any regulatory violation could be the
basis for disciplinary action, which could include the suspension, limitation or termination from such financial aid programs. 

Restricted cash represents
amounts received from the federal and state governments under various student aid grant and loan programs and such restricted funds
are held in separate bank accounts. Once the financial aid authorization and disbursement process for the student has been completed,
the funds are transferred to unrestricted accounts, and these funds then become available for use in DeVry Group s operations.
This authorization and disbursement process that precedes the transfer of funds generally occurs within the period of the academic
term for which such funds were authorized. 

As a requirement of continuing
operations in Pennsylvania, DeVry Group is required to maintain a  minimum protective endowment  of at least $500,000.
These funds are required as long as DeVry Group operates campuses in the state. DeVry Group accounts for these funds as restricted
cash. 

Revenue Recognition    

Tuition   

Chamberlain College of
Nursing ( Chamberlain ), Carrington College ( Carrington ), DeVry Educacional do Brasil ( DeVry Brasil )
higher education and DeVry University tuition revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over their respective applicable academic
terms. In addition, American University of the Caribbean School of Medicine ( AUC ), Ross University School of Medicine
( RUSM ) and Ross University School of Veterinary Medicine ( RUSVM ) basic science curriculum revenue is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the academic term. The clinical portion of the AUC, RUSM and RUSVM education programs
are conducted under the supervision of primarily U.S. teaching hospitals and veterinary schools. AUC, RUSM and RUSVM are responsible
for the billing and collection of tuition from their students during the period of clinical education. Revenue is recognized on
a weekly basis based on actual program attendance during the period of the clinical program. Fees paid to the hospitals and veterinary
schools for supervision of AUC, RUSM and RUSVM students are charged to expense on the same basis. Becker Professional Education
( Becker ) and DeVry Brasil s test preparation live classroom and DeVry Brasil s online tuition revenue
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the applicable delivery period. Revenue from Becker conferences and training services,
which are generally short-term in duration, is recognized when the conference or training service is provided. 

Other Educational   

Sales of Becker subscriptions,
membership dues and certifications, along with sales of textbooks, electronic books, other educational products, including Becker
self-study sales, are included in Other Educational Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Revenue from Becker subscriptions
and membership dues is recognized on a straight-line basis over the applicable subscription or membership period. Revenue from
Becker certifications is recognized when the certification process is complete. Textbook, electronic book and other educational
product revenue is recognized when the sale occurs. In addition, fees from international licensees of the Becker programs are included
in Other Educational Revenue and recognized when confirmation of course delivery is received. 

Refunds and Provisions   

Estimates of DeVry Group s
expected refunds are determined at the outset of each academic term, based upon actual experience in previous terms. Inputs to
this analysis include refunds issued, withdrawal rates and historical amounts owed by students for that portion of a term that
was completed. Management reassesses collectability throughout the period revenue is recognized by the DeVry Group institutions,
on a student-by-student basis. This reassessment is based upon new information and changes in facts and circumstances relevant
to a student's ability to pay. Management reassesses collectability when a student withdraws from the institution and has unpaid
tuition charges. Such unpaid charges do not meet the threshold of reasonably collectible and are recognized as revenue on a cash
basis. 

The provisions for refunds,
which are reported as a reduction to Tuition Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income, are recognized in the same ratable
fashion as revenue to most appropriately match these costs with the tuition revenue in that term. Provisions for refunds were $12.3
million and $11.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Provisions for refunds
are monitored and adjusted as necessary within the academic term and adjusted for actual refunds issued and withdrawn student accounts
receivable balances at the completion of an academic term. If a student leaves school prior to completing an academic term,
federal and/or state regulations and accreditation criteria permit DeVry Group to retain only a set percentage of the total tuition
received from such student, which varies with, but generally equals or exceeds, the percentage of the academic term completed by
such student. Payment amounts received by DeVry Group in excess of such set percentages of tuition are refunded to the student
or the appropriate funding source. All refunds are netted against revenue during the applicable academic term. Reserves
related to refunds and uncollectible accounts totaled $69.1 million and $63.5 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The allowance for uncollectible
accounts is determined by analyzing the current aging of accounts receivable and historical loss rates on collections of accounts
receivable. In addition, management considers projections of future receivable levels and collection loss rates. We monitor the
inputs to this analysis periodically throughout the year. Provisions required to maintain the allowance at appropriate levels are
charged to expense in each period as required. Provisions for uncollectible accounts, which are included in the Cost of Educational
Services in the Consolidated Statements of Income, were $10.1 million and $9.4 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Internal-Use Software Development
Costs    

DeVry Group capitalizes
certain internal-use software development costs that are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated lives of the
software, not to exceed seven years. Capitalized costs include external direct costs of equipment, materials and services consumed
in developing or obtaining internal-use software and payroll-related costs for employees directly associated with the internal-use
software development project. Capitalization of such costs ceases at the point at which the project is substantially complete and
ready for its intended purpose. Capitalized internal-use software development costs for projects not yet complete are included
as Construction in Progress in the Land, Building and Equipment section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30,
2016 and 2015, the net balance of capitalized internal-use software development costs was $16.6 million and $28.7 million, respectively. 

Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets    

DeVry Group evaluates the carrying
amount of its significant long-lived assets whenever changes in circumstances or events indicate that the value of such assets
may not be fully recoverable. Events that may trigger an impairment analysis could include a decision by management to exit a market
or a line of business or to consolidate operating locations. In the first three months of fiscal year 2017 and in fiscal year 2016,
management consolidated operations at DeVry University, Carrington and DeVry Group s home office. These decisions resulted
in pre-tax accelerated depreciation and write-offs of $1.3 million and $7.4 million on leasehold improvements and equipment during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The accelerated depreciation and write-off charges are included
in Restructuring Expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income (see  Note 9: Restructuring Charges ). For a discussion
of the impairment review of goodwill and intangible assets see  Note 8: Intangible Assets.  

Perkins Program Fund    

DeVry University is required
under U.S. federal aid program regulations to make contributions to the Federal Perkins Student Loan Fund, most recently at
a rate equal to 33% of new contributions by the U.S. federal government. No new U.S. federal government contributions were received
in the first three months of fiscal year 2017 or in fiscal year 2016. DeVry Group carries its investment in such contributions
at original value, net of allowances for expected losses on loan collections, of $2.6 million at each of September 30, 2016 and
2015. The allowance for future loan losses is based upon an analysis of actual loan losses experienced since the inception of the
program. As previous borrowers repay their Perkins loans, their payments are used to fund new loans, thus creating a revolving
loan fund. The U.S. federal government contributions to this revolving loan program do not belong to DeVry Group and are not recorded
in its financial statements. Under current law, upon termination of the program by the U.S. federal government or withdrawal from
future program participation by DeVry University, subsequent student loan repayments would be divided between the U.S. federal
government and DeVry University to satisfy their respective cumulative contributions to the fund. Authorization of the Federal
Perkins Student Loan Program expired on September 30, 2015. On December 17, 2015, Congress extended the authorization of the Federal
Perkins Student Loan Program to September 30, 2017. 

Foreign Currency Translation    

The financial position
and results of operations of the AUC, RUSM and RUSVM Caribbean operations are measured using the U.S. dollar as the functional
currency. As such, there is no translation gain or loss associated with these operations. DeVry Brasil s operations and Becker s
international operations are measured using the local currency as the functional currency. Assets and liabilities of these entities
are translated to U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates. Income and expense items are translated
at monthly average rates of exchange. The resultant translation adjustments are included in the component of Shareholders 
Equity designated as Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss. Transaction gains or losses during each of the three month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 were not material. 

Noncontrolling Interest    

DeVry Group currently
maintains a 97.9% ownership interest in DeVry Brasil with the remaining 2.1% owned by members of the current DeVry Brasil senior
management group. Prior to DeVry Group s July 2015 purchase of additional DeVry Brasil stock, DeVry Group s ownership
percentage was 96.3%. Since July 1, 2015, DeVry Group has had the right to exercise a call option and purchase any remaining DeVry
Brasil stock from DeVry Brasil management. Likewise, since July 1, 2015, DeVry Brasil management has had the right to exercise
a put option and sell its remaining ownership interest in DeVry Brasil to DeVry Group. Since the put option is out of the control
of DeVry Group, authoritative guidance requires the noncontrolling interest, which includes the value of the put option, to be
displayed outside of the equity section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The DeVry Brasil management
put option is being accreted to its redemption value in accordance with the terms of the stock purchase agreement. The adjustment
to increase or decrease the put option to its expected redemption value each reporting period is recorded in retained earnings
in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ). The adjustment to increase or decrease the
DeVry Brasil noncontrolling interest each reporting period for its proportionate share of DeVry Brasil s profit/loss will
continue to flow through the Consolidated Statements of Income based on DeVry Group's noncontrolling interest accounting policy. 

The following is a reconciliation of the noncontrolling interest
balance (in thousands): 

Earnings per Common Share    

Basic earnings per share
is computed by dividing net income attributable to DeVry Group by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period plus unvested participating restricted stock units ( RSUs ). Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing
net income attributable to DeVry Group by the weighted average number of shares assuming dilution. Diluted shares are computed
using the Treasury Stock Method and reflect the additional shares that would be outstanding if dilutive stock-based grants were
exercised during the period. Excluded from the computations of diluted earnings per share were options to purchase 2,755,000 and
2,644,000 shares of common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These outstanding stock-based
grants were excluded because the exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the common shares or the assumed
proceeds upon exercise under the Treasury Stock Method resulted in the repurchase of more shares than would be issued; thus, their
effect would be anti-dilutive. 

The following is a reconciliation of basic shares to diluted shares
(in thousands): 

Treasury Stock    

DeVry Group s Board
of Directors (the  Board ) has authorized share repurchase programs on nine occasions (see  Note 6: Share Repurchase
Programs ). The ninth share repurchase program was approved on December 15, 2015 and commenced in January 2016. Shares that
are repurchased by DeVry Group are recorded as Treasury Stock at cost and result in a reduction of Shareholders  Equity. 

From time to time, shares
of its common stock are delivered back to DeVry Group under a swap arrangement resulting from employees  exercise of incentive
stock options pursuant to the terms of the DeVry Group Stock Incentive Plans (see  Note 3: Stock-Based Compensation ).
These shares are recorded as Treasury Stock at cost and result in a reduction of Shareholders  Equity. 

Treasury shares are reissued
on a monthly basis, at market value, to the DeVry Group Colleague Stock Purchase Plan in exchange for employee payroll deductions.
When treasury shares are reissued, DeVry Group uses an average cost method to reduce the Treasury Stock balance. Gains on the difference
between the average cost and the reissuance price are credited to Additional Paid-in Capital. Losses on the difference are charged
to Additional Paid-in Capital to the extent that previous net gains from reissuance are included therein, otherwise such losses
are charged to Retained Earnings. 

Use of Estimates    

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the amounts of
revenue and expense reported during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Loss    

Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Loss is composed of the change in cumulative translation adjustment, primarily at DeVry Brasil, and unrealized gains on available-for-sale
marketable securities, net of the effects of income taxes. 

The Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Loss balance at September 30, 2016 consists of $49.4 million of cumulative translation losses ($48.3 million attributable
to DeVry Group and $1.1 million attributable to noncontrolling interests) and $0.2 million of unrealized gains on available-for-sale
marketable securities, net of tax of $0.1 million and all attributable to DeVry Group. At September 30, 2015, this balance consisted
of $122.3 million of cumulative translation losses ($119.7 million attributable to DeVry Group and $2.6 million attributable to
noncontrolling interests) and $0.1 million of unrealized gains on available-for-sale marketable securities, net of tax of $0.2
million and all attributable to DeVry Group. 

Advertising Expense    

Advertising costs are recognized
as expense in the period in which materials are purchased or services are performed. Advertising expense, which is included in
Student Services and Administrative Expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income, was $57.6 million and $59.3 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Restructuring Charges    

DeVry Group s financial
statements include charges related to severance and related benefits for reductions in staff. These charges also include early
lease termination or cease-of-use costs and accelerated depreciation and gains and losses on disposals of property and equipment
related to campus consolidations (see  Note 9: Restructuring Charges ). 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

In August 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15:  Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  This guidance was issued to address
eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The amendments are effective
for the financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual
periods. Management has determined that our current accounting policies align with this guidance. Therefore, this guidance will
have no impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In March 2016, FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-09:  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. 
This guidance was issued to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments are
effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those
annual periods. Management is evaluating the impact the guidance will have on DeVry Group s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In February 2016, FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-02:  Leases (Topic 842).  This guidance was issued to increase transparency and comparability among
organizations by recognizing right-to-use assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about
leasing arrangements. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods. Management is evaluating the impact the guidance will have on DeVry
Group s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In January 2016, FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-01:  Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities.  This guidance was issued to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide
users of financial statements with more decision-useful information. The guidance eliminates the classification of equity securities
into different categories (that is, trading or available-for-sale) and requires equity securities to be measured at fair value
with changes in the fair value recognized through net income. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods. This guidance will require DeVry
Group to record the changes in the fair value of its available-for-sale equity investments through net income. Management anticipates
the adoption will not have a significant impact on DeVry Group s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In September 2015, FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-16:  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments. 
This guidance was issued to simplify the accounting for provisional amounts for items in a business combination for which the accounting
is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs and where the provisional amounts have been adjusted
during the measurement period. The amendments in this guidance require an entity to present separately on the face of the income
statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been
recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date.
The guidance is effective for the fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2015 and is
applicable to DeVry Group s current fiscal year. This guidance requires DeVry Group to record and disclose measurement-period
adjustments for future business combinations as a period adjustment as opposed to a retroactive adjustment to the opening balance
sheet of the acquired entity. 

In April 2015, FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-03:  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
Costs.  This guidance was issued to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. The amendments in this guidance require
that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance
costs are not affected by the amendments. The guidance is effective for the fiscal years and interim periods within those years
beginning after December 15, 2015. DeVry Group s debt includes a revolving credit facility (see  Note 11: Debt ).
This update did not provide guidance specifically addressing debt issuance costs involving revolving credit facilities. As a result,
it was announced that the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting such costs as an asset and subsequently
amortizing them ratably over the term of the revolving debt arrangement. This is DeVry Group s current accounting policy
for debt issuance costs. 

In May 2014, FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-09:  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  This guidance was issued to clarify the principles
for recognizing revenue and develop a common revenue standard for GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ).
The guidance is effective for the fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017. Management
is evaluating the impact the guidance will have on DeVry Group s Consolidated Financial Statements as well as the transition
methodology. 

Reclassifications    

In the fourth quarter
of fiscal year 2016, we retrospectively adopted ASU No. 2015-17:  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification
of Deferred Taxes.  This guidance was issued to simplify the accounting for classification of deferred taxes on the balance
sheet. The guidance eliminates the previous requirement for organizations to present deferred tax assets and liabilities as current
and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations will now be required to classify all deferred tax assets and
liabilities as noncurrent. As a result, we decreased current deferred income tax assets by $36.5 million, increased noncurrent
deferred income tax assets by $6.3 million and decreased noncurrent deferred income tax liabilities by $30.1 million on the September
30, 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheet. This reclassification had no effect on reported net income. 

NOTE 3: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

DeVry Group maintains
four stock-based incentive plans: the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, the Amended and Restated Incentive
Plan of 2005 and the Second Amended and Restated Incentive Plan of 2013. Under these plans, directors, key executives and managerial
employees are eligible to receive incentive stock or nonqualified options to purchase shares of DeVry Group s common stock.
The Second Amended and Restated Incentive Plan of 2013 and the Amended and Restated Incentive Plan of 2005 also permit the granting
of stock appreciation rights, RSUs, performance stock and other stock and cash-based compensation. Although options remain outstanding
under the 1999, 2003 and 2005 incentive plans, no further stock-based grants will be issued from these plans. The Second Amended
and Restated Incentive Plan of 2013 and the Amended and Restated Incentive Plan of 2005 are administered by the Compensation Committee
of the Board. Options are granted for terms of up to ten years and can vest immediately or over periods of up to five years.
The requisite service period is equal to the vesting period. The option price under the plans is the fair market value of the shares
on the date of the grant. 

Stock-based compensation
expense is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award. DeVry Group accounts for stock-based compensation granted
to retirement eligible employees that fully vests upon an employee s retirement under the non-substantive vesting period
approach. Under this approach, the entire stock-based compensation expense is recognized at the grant date for stock-based grants
issued to retirement eligible employees. For non-retirement eligible employees, stock-based compensation expense is recognized
over the employee requisite service period, reduced by an estimated forfeiture rate. 

At September 30, 2016,
7,172,419 authorized but unissued shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under DeVry Group s stock-based incentive
plans. 

The following is a summary
of options activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

The following is a summary
of stock appreciation rights activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

The total intrinsic value
of options exercised for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.3 million and $0.1 million, respectively. 

The fair value of DeVry
Group s stock option awards was estimated using a binomial model. This model uses historical cancelation and exercise experience
of DeVry Group to determine the option value. It also takes into account the illiquid nature of employee options during the vesting
period. 

The weighted average estimated
grant date fair value of options granted at market price under DeVry Group s stock-based incentive plans during the first
three months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016 was $9.09 and $10.17, per share, respectively. The fair value of DeVry Group s
stock option grants was estimated assuming the following weighted average assumptions: 

The expected life of the
options granted is based on the weighted average exercise life with age and salary adjustment factors from historical exercise
behavior. DeVry Group s expected volatility is computed by combining and weighting the implied market volatility, the most
recent volatility over the expected life of the option grant and DeVry Group s long-term historical volatility. The pre-vesting
stock option forfeiture rate is based on DeVry Group s historical stock option forfeiture experience. The main driver for
the increased pre-vesting forfeiture rate is the change in the business environment at DeVry Group and its institutions, which
has resulted in increased turnover in executive management. 

If factors change and
different assumptions are employed in the valuation of stock-based grants in future periods, the stock-based compensation expense
that DeVry Group records may differ significantly from what was recorded in previous periods. 

During the first three
months of fiscal year 2017, DeVry Group granted 621,350 RSUs to selected employees. Of these, 221,710 are performance-based RSUs
which are earned by the recipients over a three-year period based on achievement of certain mission-based, academic goals, when
a minimum level of DeVry Group earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) or return
on invested capital ( ROIC ) is attained. The remaining 399,640 non-performance based RSUs are subject to restrictions
which lapse over one, three or four-year periods on the grant anniversary date based on the recipient s continued service
on the Board or employment with DeVry Group or upon retirement. During the restriction period, the recipient of the non-performance
based RSUs shall have the right to receive dividend equivalents. This right does not pertain to the performance-based RSUs. The
following is a summary of RSUs activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

The weighted average estimated
grant date fair value for RSUs granted at market price under DeVry Group s stock-based incentive plans during the first three
months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016 was $23.70 and $26.16, per share, respectively. 

The following table shows
total stock-based compensation expense included in the Consolidated Statements of Income (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016,
$28.7 million of total pre-tax unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested grants is expected to be recognized
over a weighted average period of 2.6 years. The total fair value of options and RSUs vested during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $11.8 million and $14.0 million, respectively. 

There was no capitalized
stock-based compensation expense at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

DeVry Group has an established
practice of issuing new shares of common stock to satisfy stock-based grant exercises. However, DeVry Group also may issue treasury
shares to satisfy stock-based grant exercises under certain of its stock-based incentive plans. 

NOTE 4: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

DeVry Group has elected
not to measure any assets or liabilities at fair value other than those required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include goodwill, intangible assets and assets of businesses where the long-term
value of the operations have been impaired. Management has fully considered all authoritative guidance when determining the fair
value of DeVry Group s financial assets as of September 30, 2016. 

Fair value is defined
as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most
advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. The guidance specifies
a fair value hierarchy based upon the observability of inputs used in valuation techniques. Observable inputs (highest level)
reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs (lowest level) reflect internally developed market
assumptions. The guidance establishes fair value measurement classifications under the following hierarchy: 

Level 1     Quoted
prices for identical instruments in active markets. 

Level 2   Quoted prices for
similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived
valuations in which all significant inputs or significant value-drivers are observable in active markets. 

Level 3     Model-derived
valuations in which one or more significant inputs or significant value-drivers are unobservable. 

When available, DeVry
Group uses quoted market prices to determine fair value, and such measurements are classified within Level 1. In some cases
where market prices are not available, DeVry Group makes use of observable market-based inputs to calculate fair value, in which
case the measurements are classified within Level 2. If quoted or observable market prices are not available, fair value is
based upon internally developed models that use, where possible, current market-based parameters such as interest rates and yield
curves. These measurements are classified within Level 3. 

Fair value measurements
are classified according to the lowest level input or value-driver that is significant to the valuation. A measurement may
therefore be classified within Level 3 even though there may be significant inputs that are readily observable. 

Assets measured at fair
value on a non-recurring basis include goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles arising from a business combination. These assets
are not amortized and charged to expense over time. Instead, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles must be reviewed annually
for impairment or more frequently if circumstances arise indicating potential impairment. This impairment review was most recently
completed as of May 31, 2016. See  Note 8: Intangible Assets  for further discussion on the impairment review including
valuation techniques and assumptions. 

The following table presents
DeVry Group's assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016, that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized
using the fair value hierarchy (in thousands). 

The following table presents
DeVry Group's assets and liabilities at June 30, 2016, that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized
using the fair value hierarchy (in thousands). 

The following table presents
DeVry Group's assets and liabilities at September 30, 2015, that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized
using the fair value hierarchy (in thousands). 

Cash and Cash Equivalents
and Investments in short-term Marketable Securities are valued using a market approach based on quoted market prices of identical
instruments. 

The fair value of the
institutional loans receivable included in Accounts Receivable, Net and Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September
30, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using current rates for similar
arrangements. See  Note 5: Financing Receivables  for further discussion on these institutional loans receivable. 

The fair value of the
deferred acquisition obligations is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using current rates for similar arrangements.
$10.9 million, $7.7 million and $7.4 million was classified as Accrued Expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September
30, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, and $17.7 million, $24.4 million and $12.3 million was classified
as Deferred Rent and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015, respectively. 

The fair value of DeVry
Brasil s receivable under Brazil s FIES public loan program included in Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets
as of September 30, 2016 and June 30,2016 is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using published market data on Brazilian
interest and inflation rates. 

As of September 30, 2016,
June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, there were no assets or liabilities measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs. 

NOTE 5: FINANCING RECEIVABLES  

DeVry Group s institutional
loan programs are available to students at its AUC, RUSM, RUSVM, Chamberlain, Carrington and DeVry University institutions. These
loan programs are designed to assist students who are unable to completely cover educational costs consisting of tuition, books
and fees and are available only after all other student financial assistance has been applied toward those purposes. In addition,
AUC, RUSM and RUSVM loans may be used for students  living expenses. Repayment plans for institutional loan program balances
are developed to address the financial circumstances of the particular student. Interest charges accrue each month on the unpaid
balance. Chamberlain, Carrington and DeVry University require that students begin repaying loans while they are still in school
with a minimum payment level designed to prove their capability to repay and reduce the possibility of over borrowing and targeted
to minimize interest being accrued on the loan balance. Payments may increase upon completing or departing the program. After a
student leaves school, the student typically will have a monthly installment repayment plan. In addition, the Becker CPA Review
Course can be financed through Becker with an 18-month term loan program. 

Reserves for uncollectible
loans are determined by analyzing the current aging of accounts receivable and historical loss rates of loans at each institution.
Management performs this analysis periodically throughout the year. Since all of DeVry Group s financing receivables are
generated through the extension of credit to students to fund educational costs, all such receivables are considered part of the
same loan portfolio. 

The following table details
the institutional loan balances along with the related allowances for credit losses as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands). 

Of the net balances above,
$23.0 million and $25.7 million were classified as Accounts Receivable, Net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, and $27.2 million and $23.0 million, representing amounts due beyond one year, were classified as
Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The following tables detail
the credit risk profiles of the institutional loan balances based on payment activity and provide an aging analysis of past due
institutional loans as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands). 

Loans are considered nonperforming
if they are more than 120 days past due. At September 30, 2016, nonperforming loans totaled $20.4 million, of which $20.2 million
had a specific allowance for credit losses. At September 30, 2015 nonperforming loans totaled $16.3 million, of which $15.9 million
had a specific allowance for credit losses. 

NOTE 6: SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAMS  

DeVry Group has repurchased
shares under the following programs as of September 30, 2016: 

On December 15, 2015,
the Board authorized DeVry Group s ninth share repurchase program, which allows DeVry Group to repurchase up to $100 million
of its common stock through December 31, 2017. A total of 370,708 shares were repurchased during the three months ended September
30, 2016 for an aggregate of $8.3 million. The timing and amount of any repurchase will be determined based on evaluation of market
conditions and other factors. These repurchases may be made through the open market, including block purchases, in privately negotiated
transactions, or otherwise. The buyback will be funded through available cash balances and/or borrowings and may be suspended or
discontinued at any time. 

Shares of stock repurchased
under the programs are held as treasury shares. These repurchased shares have reduced the weighted average number of shares of
common stock outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share calculations. 

NOTE 7: BUSINESS COMBINATIONS  

Association
of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists    

On July 1, 2016, Becker
completed the acquisition of 100% of the stock of the Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists ( ACAMS )
for $331.1 million, net of cash of $24.2 million. The payment for this purchase was made in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017,
and was funded with available domestic cash balances and $175 million in borrowings under DeVry Group s revolving credit
facility. ACAMS is the largest international membership organization dedicated to enhancing the knowledge and skills of anti-money
laundering and financial crime prevention professionals. The acquisition furthers Becker s global growth strategy into professional
education and enhances Becker s position as a leading provider of lifelong learning for professionals. 

The operations of ACAMS
are included in DeVry Group s International and Professional Education segment. The results of ACAMS s operations have
been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of DeVry Group since the date of acquisition. 

The following table summarizes
the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition (in thousands). 

Goodwill, which represents
the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, was all assigned to the
Becker reporting unit which is classified within the International and Professional Education segment. Factors that contributed
to a purchase price resulting in the recognition of goodwill include ACAMS s strategic fit into Becker s expanding
presence in professional education, the reputation of the ACAMS brand as a leader in the industry and potential future growth opportunity.
None of the goodwill acquired is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Of the $88.6 million of acquired intangible
assets, $39.9 million was assigned to Trade Names, which has been determined not to be subject to amortization. The remaining acquired
intangible assets were determined to be subject to amortization with an average useful life of approximately nine years. The preliminary
values and estimated useful lives by asset type are as follows (in thousands): 

There is no pro forma
presentation of operating results for this acquisition due to the insignificant effect on consolidated operations. 

Faculdade
de Imperatriz    

On June 1, 2016, DeVry
Brasil completed the acquisition of Faculdade de Imperatriz ( Facimp ). Under the terms of the agreement, DeVry Brasil
agreed to pay approximately $6.3 million in cash, in exchange for 100% of the stock of Facimp. Approximately $3.5 million of payments
were made in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, with additional aggregate payments of approximately $2.8 million required
over the succeeding four years. Facimp serves approximately 2,000 students in the city of Imperatriz, and offers undergraduate
programs such as a business, accounting, economics, law, nursing, pharmacy, dentistry, pedagogy, systems information and marketing.
The acquisition of Facimp further expands DeVry Brasil s presence in the northeast areas of the country. 

The operations of Facimp
are included in DeVry Group s International and Professional Education segment. The results of Facimp s operations
have been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of DeVry Group since the date of acquisition. 

The following table summarizes
the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition (in thousands). 

Goodwill, which represents
the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, was all assigned to the
DeVry Brasil reporting unit which is classified within the International and Professional Education segment. Factors that contributed
to a purchase price resulting in the recognition of goodwill include Facimp s strategic fit into DeVry Group s expanding
presence in northeast Brazil, the reputation of the educational programs and the acquired assembled workforce. None of the goodwill
acquired is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Of the $2.7 million of acquired intangible assets, $2.1 million
was assigned to Accreditations and $0.5 million was assigned to Trade Names. None of the acquired intangible assets were determined
to be subject to amortization. 

There is no pro forma
presentation of operating results for this acquisition due to the insignificant effect on consolidated operations. 

Grupo Ibmec
Educacional S.A.    

On December 15, 2015,
DeVry Brasil completed the acquisition of Grupo Ibmec Educacional S.A. ( Grupo Ibmec ). Under the terms of the agreement,
DeVry Brasil agreed to pay approximately $191.0 million in cash, in exchange for 100% of the stock of Grupo Ibmec. Approximately
$180.5 million of payments were made in the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, with additional aggregate payments of approximately
$10.5 million required over the succeeding six years. Grupo Ibmec is a nationally recognized educational institution and has been
widely-known for its academic excellence for more than 40 years. Grupo Ibmec serves more than 15,000 undergraduate and graduate
students onsite and online throughout Brazil. The acquisition of Grupo Ibmec continues the process of expanding DeVry Group s
presence in Brazil. 

The operations of Grupo
Ibmec are included in DeVry Group s International and Professional Education segment. The results of Grupo Ibmec s
operations have been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of DeVry Group since the date of acquisition. 

The following table summarizes
the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition (in thousands). 

Goodwill, which represents
the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, was all assigned to the
DeVry Brasil reporting unit which is classified within the International and Professional Education segment. The goodwill balance
changed from that reported at June 30, 2016 after an adjustment to purchase accounting. Factors that contributed to a purchase
price resulting in the recognition of goodwill include Grupo Ibmec s strategic fit into DeVry Group s expanding presence
in Brazil, the reputation of the educational programs and the acquired assembled workforce. None of the goodwill acquired is expected
to be deductible for income tax purposes. Of the $60.6 million of acquired intangible assets, $34.7 million was assigned to Accreditations
and $18.4 million was assigned to Trade Names, both of which have been determined not to be subject to amortization. The remaining
acquired intangible assets were determined to be subject to amortization with an average useful life of five years. The preliminary
values and estimated useful lives by asset type are as follows (in thousands): 

There is no pro forma
presentation of operating results for this acquisition due to the insignificant effect on consolidated operations. 

NOTE 8: INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

Intangible assets relate
mainly to acquired business operations. These assets consist of the acquisition fair value of certain identifiable intangible assets
acquired and goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible
assets acquired. 

Intangible assets consist
of the following (in thousands): 

Amortization expense for
amortized intangible assets was $3.3 million and $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Estimated amortization expense for amortizable intangible assets for the next five fiscal years ending June 30 and in the aggregate,
by reporting unit, is as follows (in thousands): 

All amortizable intangible
assets except student relationships and customer relationships are being amortized on a straight-line basis. The amount being amortized
for student relationships is based on the estimated progression of the students through the respective Faculdade Boa Viagem ( FBV ),
Centro Universit rio Vale do Ipojuca ( Unifavip ), Dam sio Educacional ( Damasio ) and Grupo
Ibmec programs, giving consideration to the revenue and cash flow associated with both existing students and new applicants. The
amount being amortized for customer relationships related to ACAMS is based on the estimated retention of the customers, giving
consideration to the revenue and cash flow associated with these existing customers. 

Indefinite-lived intangible
assets related to trademarks, trade names, Title IV eligibility, accreditations and intellectual property are not amortized, as
there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, economic or other factors that limit the useful life of these intangible assets to
the reporting entity. 

In accordance with GAAP,
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles arising from a business combination are not amortized and charged to expense over time.
Instead, these assets must be reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently if circumstances arise indicating potential impairment.
DeVry Group s annual impairment review was most recently completed during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, at which
time there were impairment losses recorded related to Carrington goodwill and the Carrington Accreditation and Title IV Eligibility
indefinite-lived intangible asset totaling $48.2 million. No impairment loss associated with recorded goodwill or indefinite-lived
intangible assets for any other reporting unit was realized as estimated fair values exceeded carrying amounts. 

DeVry Group had six reporting
units which contained goodwill as of the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. These reporting units constitute components for which
discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by segment management. If the carrying amount of a reporting
unit containing the goodwill exceeds the fair value of that reporting unit, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent the
 implied fair value  of the reporting unit goodwill is less than the carrying amount of the goodwill. In analyzing
the results of operations and business conditions of all six reporting units as of September 30, 2016, it was determined that no
triggering event had occurred that would indicate the carrying value of a reporting unit had exceeded its fair value. 

For indefinite-lived intangible
assets, management first analyzes qualitative factors including results of operations and business conditions of the seven reporting
units that contained indefinite-lived intangible assets, significant changes in cash flows at the individual indefinite-lived intangible
asset level, if applicable, as well as how much previously calculated fair values exceed carrying values to determine if it is
more likely than not that the intangible assets associated with these reporting units have been impaired. Based on its analysis,
management has determined that, as of September 2016, no triggering event had occurred that would indicate the carrying value of
an indefinite-lived intangible asset had exceeded its fair value. 

These interim triggering
event conclusions were based on the fact that the qualitative analysis of DeVry Group s reporting units and indefinite-lived
intangible assets resulted in no impairment indicators as of the end of fiscal year 2016, except at the Carrington and DeVry University
reporting units, and that no interim events or deviations from planned operating results occurred as of September 30, 2016, that
would cause management to reassess these conclusions. 

In regards to Carrington,
first quarter of fiscal year 2017 revenue and operating income was better than those projected in the fiscal year 2017 operating
plan which was used in the May 31, 2016 impairment analysis; thus, management believes that no indicator of further impairment
currently exists with this reporting unit. Should declines in student enrollment at Carrington result in financial performance
that is significantly below management expectations, the carrying value of this reporting unit may exceed its fair value and indefinite-lived
intangible assets could be impaired. This could require a write-off of up to $20.2 million. 

Although the DeVry University
reporting unit experienced a 24.2% decline in revenue as compared to the year-ago quarter and generated an operating loss (as planned)
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, this reporting unit is expected to meet planned positive operating results for fiscal
year 2017. As a result, management did not believe business conditions had deteriorated such that it was more likely than not that
the fair value of DeVry University was below carrying value for this reporting unit or its associated indefinite-lived intangible
assets as of September 30, 2016. Based on the May 31, 2016 impairment review, DeVry University s current and forecasted profitability
is sufficient to maintain a fair value greater than its carrying value. The fair value of this reporting unit exceeded its carrying
value by 6% as of the May 31, 2016 valuation date. DeVry University has been able to adjust operating expenses to offset in excess
of 90% of the revenue declines experienced over the last two years. This has resulted in positive cash flows sufficient to produce
a fair value in excess of the carrying value of this reporting unit. Management monitors enrollment and financial performance of
the reporting unit. Should management not be able to adjust costs to offset future declines in student enrollment and revenue,
resulting in financial performance that is significantly below management expectations, the carrying value of this reporting unit
may exceed its fair value, and goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets could be impaired. Also, regulatory changes and
the outcome of legal or regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of DeVry University and impose significant restrictions on the ability of DeVry University to operate. These scenarios
could require a write-off of up to $23.8 million of indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill. 

Operating income and cash
flows at all other reporting units in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 was not materially different from the budgeted amounts
used in the impairment analysis as of May 31, 2016; thus, management does not believe any of the reporting units or their associated
indefinite-lived intangible assets fair values would have declined enough to fall below the carrying values as of September 30,
2016. 

Determining the fair value
of a reporting unit or an intangible asset involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Management bases its fair
value estimates on assumptions it believes to be reasonable at the time, but such assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainty.
Actual results may differ from those estimates which could lead to additional impairments of intangible assets. 

At September 30, 2016,
intangible assets from business combinations totaled $426.1 million and goodwill totaled $854.2 million. Together, these assets
equaled approximately 55% of total assets as of such date, and any impairment could significantly affect future results of operations. 

The table below summarizes
goodwill balances by reporting unit as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

The table below summarizes
goodwill balances by reporting segment as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

The table below summarizes
the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

The increase in the goodwill
balance from June 30, 2016 in the International and Professional Education segment is the result of the addition of $274.7 million
with the acquisition of ACAMS. The increase was partially offset by a change in the value of the Brazilian Real as compared to
the U.S. dollar. Since DeVry Brasil goodwill is recorded in local currency, fluctuations in the respective local currency s
value in relation to the U.S. dollar will cause changes in the balance of this asset. 

The table below summarizes the indefinite-lived
intangible asset balances by reporting segment as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

Total indefinite-lived
intangible assets increased by $38.1 million from June 30, 2016. The increase is the result of the addition of $39.9 million with
the acquisition of ACAMS. This increase was partially offset by a change in the value of the Brazilian Real as compared to the
U.S. dollar. Since DeVry Brasil intangible assets are recorded in the local Brazilian currency, fluctuations in the value of the
Brazilian Real in relation to the U.S. dollar will cause changes in the balance of these assets. 

NOTE 9: RESTRUCTURING CHARGES  

During the first quarter
of fiscal year 2017, DeVry Group recorded pre-tax charges, including accelerated depreciation, primarily related to real estate
consolidations of $5.0 million. These restructuring charges were charged to segment expense in the first quarter of fiscal year
2017 as follows: $1.3 million to Medical and Healthcare, $1.7 million to Business, Technology and Management and $2.0 million to
the DeVry Group home office which is classified as  Home Office and Other  in  Note 13: Segment Information.  

During the first quarter
of fiscal year 2016, DeVry Group recorded pre-tax charges, including accelerated depreciation, related to real estate consolidations
of $18.8 million. Also during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, DeVry University implemented a reduction in force ( RIF )
which reduced DeVry University s workforce by 104 total positions and resulted in pre-tax charges of $5.3 million during
the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. These charges represented severance pay and benefits for these employees. These restructuring
charges were charged to segment expense in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 as follows: $0.4 million to Medical and Healthcare
and $23.7 million to Business, Technology and Management. 

The following table summarizes
the separation and restructuring plan activity for the fiscal years 2017 and 2016, for which cash payments are required (in millions): 

Of this liability balance,
$17.1 million is recorded as Accrued Expenses and $23.3 million is recorded as Deferred Rent and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016. These liability balances primarily represent rent accruals and costs for employees that have
either not yet separated from DeVry Group or their full severance has not yet been paid. All of these remaining costs are expected
to be paid over the next 12 months except for rent charges which may be paid out for periods of up to 8 years. 

NOTE 10: INCOME TAXES  

The effective tax rate
on income was 21.5% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, compared to 10.9% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. The
tax rate increased due to an increase in earnings from U.S. operations, which are taxed at a higher rate than income from foreign
operations. DeVry Group s effective income tax rate reflects benefits derived from significant operations outside the U.S.
Earnings of these international operations are not subject to U.S. federal or state income taxes, so long as such earnings are
not repatriated, as discussed below. Four of DeVry Group s operating units, AUC, which operates in St. Maarten, RUSM, which
operates in Dominica, RUSVM, which operates in St. Kitts, and DeVry Brasil, which operates in Brazil, all benefit from local tax
incentives. AUC s effective tax rate reflects benefits derived from investment incentives. RUSM and RUSVM each have agreements
with their respective domestic governments that exempt them from local income taxation. Both of these agreements have been extended
to provide, in the case of RUSM, an indefinite period of exemption and, in the case of RUSVM, exemption until 2037. DeVry Brasil s
effective tax rate reflects benefits derived from its participation in PROUNI, a Brazilian program for providing scholarships to
a portion of its undergraduate students. 

DeVry Group has not recorded
a U.S. federal or state tax provision for the undistributed earnings of its international subsidiaries. It is DeVry Group s
intention to indefinitely reinvest accumulated cash balances, future cash flows and post-acquisition undistributed earnings and
profits to improve the facilities and operations of its international schools and pursue future opportunities outside the U.S.
In accordance with this plan, cash held by the international subsidiaries will not be available for general company purposes and
under current laws will not be subject to U.S. taxation. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, cumulative undistributed earnings attributable
to international operations were approximately $918 million and $797 million, respectively. 

NOTE 11: DEBT  

Revolving Credit Facility    

DeVry Group entered into
a revolving credit facility on March 31, 2015 which expires on March 31, 2020. The Credit Agreement provides for a multi-currency
revolving credit facility in the amount of $400 million (the  Aggregate Commitment ) with availability in currencies
other than U.S. dollars of up to $200 million. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, the Aggregate Commitment
may be increased up to $550 million. Up to $50 million of the Aggregate Commitment is available for letters of credit. On October
4, 2016, DeVry Group entered into a First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement Amendment ), which amends
the Aggregate Commitment to increase the amount available for letters of credit from $50 million to $100 million. This increase
was requested to accommodate the requirements of the negotiated settlement agreement with the Department of Education which requires
DeVry University to post a letter of credit for $68.4 million (see  Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies  for additional
explanation on this settlement agreement). DeVry Group may select interest rates for borrowings under the Credit Agreement equal
to LIBOR or a LIBOR-equivalent rate for Eurocurrency Rate Loans or a base rate, plus an applicable rate based on DeVry Group s
consolidated leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The applicable rate ranges from 2% to 3% for Eurocurrency Rate
Loans and from 1% to 2% for Base Rate Loans. As of September 30, 2016, DeVry Group borrowings under this agreement were $130 million
with a weighted average interest rate of 2.53%. There were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility at September
30, 2015. Borrowings were made in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 to fund the acquisition of ACAMS as discussed in  Note
7: Business Combinations.  There are no required principal payments under this revolving credit agreement and all borrowings
and letters of credit mature on March 31, 2020. As a result of the agreement extending beyond one year, the borrowings are classified
as long-term with the exception of amounts expected to be repaid in the 12 months subsequent to the balance sheet date, if any.
DeVry Group letters of credit outstanding under this agreement were $0.1 million as of each of September 30, 2016 and 2015. As
of September 30, 2016, DeVry Group is charged an annual fee equal to 2.0% of the undrawn face amount of the outstanding letters
of credit under the agreement, payable quarterly. The agreement also requires payment of a commitment fee equal to 0.35% of the
undrawn portion of the credit facility as of September 30, 2016. The interest rate, letter of credit fees and commitment fees are
adjustable quarterly, based upon DeVry Group s achievement of certain financial ratios. 

The revolving credit agreement
contains covenants that, among other things, require maintenance of certain financial ratios, as defined in the agreement. Maintenance
of these financial ratios could place restrictions on DeVry Group s ability to pay dividends. These financial ratios include
a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, a consolidated leverage ratio and a U.S. Department of Education financial responsibility
ratio based upon a composite score of an equity ratio, a primary reserve ratio and a net income ratio. Failure to maintain any
of these ratios or to comply with other covenants contained in the agreement would constitute an event of default and could result
in termination of the agreement and require payment of all outstanding borrowings and replacement of outstanding letters of credit.
DeVry Group was in compliance with the debt covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

The stock of all U.S.
and certain foreign subsidiaries of DeVry Group is pledged as collateral for the borrowings under the revolving credit facility. 

DeVry Group also has liabilities
recorded for deferred purchase price agreements with sellers related to the purchases of Faculdade Diferencial Integral ( Facid ),
Faculdade Ideal ( Faci ), Damasio, Grupo Ibmec and Facimp (see  Note 7: Business Combinations  for discussion
of the Grupo Ibmec and Facimp acquisitions). This financing is in the form of holdbacks of a portion of the purchase price of these
acquisitions or installment payments. Payments are made under these agreements based on payment schedules or the resolution of
any pre-acquisition contingencies. 

NOTE 12: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

DeVry Group is subject
to lawsuits, administrative proceedings, regulatory reviews and investigations associated with financial assistance programs and
other matters arising in the normal conduct of its business. The following is a description of pending legal and regulatory matters
that may be considered other than ordinary, routine and incidental to the business. Descriptions of certain matters from prior
SEC filings may not be carried forward in this report to the extent we believe such matters no longer are required to be disclosed
or there has not been, to our knowledge, significant activity relating to them. The timing or outcome of the following matters,
or their possible impact on DeVry Group s business, financial condition or results of operations, cannot be predicted at
this time. The continued defense, resolution or settlement of any of the following matters could require us to expend significant
resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and
result in the imposition of significant restrictions on us and our ability to operate. 

In April 2013, DeVry Group
received a Civil Investigative Demand (a  CID ) issued by the Office of the Attorney General of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. The CID was issued in connection with an investigation into whether DeVry Group caused false claims and/or false
statements to be submitted to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts relating to student loans, guarantees, and grants provided to DeVry
Group s Massachusetts students and required DeVry Group to answer interrogatories and to provide documents relating to periods
on or after January 1, 2007. DeVry Group responded to the CID in May 2013. In July 2016, DeVry Group received a second CID from
the Office requesting information regarding advertising, admissions materials, placement rates, and credit/transferability agreements.
DeVry Group is in the process of responding to the second CID. 

On July 15, 2014, DeVry
Group received a letter dated July 9, 2014 from the New York Office of the Attorney General ( NYOAG ). The letter requested
cooperation with the NYOAG s inquiry into whether recent television advertisements and website marketing regarding DeVry
University may have violated federal and state laws prohibiting false advertising and deceptive practices. The letter requested
relevant information from January 1, 2011, to the date of the aforementioned letter request to enable NYOAG to make a determination
of what action, if any, is warranted. DeVry Group has produced, and continues to produce, responsive information in cooperation
with the NYOAG s inquiry, and presently is in discussions with the NYOAG Staff to address certain concerns the Staff has
raised that could form the basis for potential claims by the NYOAG if not addressed to the Staff s satisfaction. 

On August 28, 2015, DeVry
University received a request for documents and information regarding published employment outcomes and relative earnings information
of DeVry University graduates from the Multi-Regional and Foreign School Participation Division of the Federal Student Aid office
of the Department of Education ( ED FSA ). The stated purpose of the request was to permit ED FSA to assess DeVry University's
compliance with applicable regulations under Title IV. On January 27, 2016, DeVry University received a Notice of Intent to Limit
from ED FSA (the  January 2016 Notice ), based on a portion of its pending August 28, 2015 inquiry, informing DeVry
University of ED FSA s intention to impose certain limitations on the participation of DeVry University in programs authorized
pursuant to Title IV. The proposed limitations relate to representations in advertising and marketing, regarding the post-graduation
employment outcomes of DeVry University students over a period from 1975 to October 1980 (the  Since 1975 Representation ).
DeVry University requested a hearing regarding ED s proposed limitations and, on October 13, 2016, reached a negotiated settlement
agreement with ED regarding the January 2016 Notice (the  ED Settlement ). Under the terms of the ED Settlement, among
other things, without admitting wrongdoing, DeVry University (1) may no longer make representations regarding the graduate employment
outcomes of DeVry University graduates from 1975 to October 1980, including advertising regarding the cumulative graduate employment
outcomes since 1975, (2) will maintain or undertake certain recordkeeping and compliance practices to support future representations
regarding graduate employment rates and (3) will post a notice on its website and in its enrollment agreements regarding the Since
1975 Representation. The ED Settlement also provides that, except for Heightened Cash Monitoring 1 status, ED will not impose conditions
on the timing of, or documentation requirements for, disbursement of aid due to matters relating to lack of substantiation for
the Since 1975 Representation. As a result of the ED Settlement, DeVry University s participation in the Title IV programs
will be subject to provisional certification for five years and DeVry University will be required to post a letter of credit equal
to the greater of 10% of DeVry University s annual Title IV disbursements or $68.4 million for a five-year period. Institutions
under provisional certification must obtain ED approval before it may award or disburse Title IV funds based on a substantial change,
including the establishment of a new location or the addition of an educational program. Provisional certification status also
carries fewer due process protections than full certification. As a result, ED may withdraw an institution s provisional
certification more easily than if it is fully certified. Provisional certification does not otherwise limit access to Title IV
program funds by students attending the institution. 

On January 27, 2016, the
Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) filed a civil complaint (the  FTC lawsuit ) against DeVry Group, DeVry
University, Inc., and DeVry/New York Inc. (collectively, the  DeVry Group Defendants ) in the United States District
Court for the Central District of California alleging that certain of DeVry University s advertising claims were false or
misleading or unsubstantiated at the time they were made in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, 15 U.S.C.
  45(a), as amended (the  FTC Act ). The advertising claims at issue relate to DeVry University graduates 
employment rates and earnings relative to graduates of other colleges and universities. The lawsuit seeks permanent injunctive
relief against future alleged violations of the FTC Act, reimbursement of FTC costs, and such other relief as the court deems necessary
to redress any consumer injury from the alleged violations, including rescission or reformation of contracts, restitution, the
refund of monies paid, and the disgorgement of ill-gotten monies. The lawsuit followed the previously reported receipt of
a CID from the FTC dated January 28, 2014. Since the filing of FTC s lawsuit, the DeVry Group Defendants answered the
FTC s complaint, denying all allegations of wrongdoing and asserting certain defenses to the FTC s claims. The court
has entered a scheduling order that includes key litigation deadlines culminating in a trial beginning March 13, 2018. 

On May 13, 2016, a putative
class action lawsuit was filed by the Pension Trust Fund for Operation Engineers, individually and on behalf of others similarly
situated, against DeVry Group, Daniel Hamburger, Richard M. Gunst, and Timothy J. Wiggins in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois. The complaint was filed on behalf of a putative class of persons who purchased DeVry Group common
stock between February 4, 2011 and January 27, 2016. Citing the FTC lawsuit and the U.S. Department of Education s ( ED )
January 2016 Notice, the plaintiffs claim that defendants made false or misleading statements regarding DeVry University s
graduate employment rate and the earnings of DeVry University graduates relative to the graduates of other universities and colleges.
As a result of these false or misleading statements about DeVry University graduate outcomes, plaintiffs allege, defendants overstated
DeVry Group s growth, revenue and earnings potential and made false or misleading statements about DeVry Group s business,
operations and prospects. The plaintiffs allege direct liability against all defendants for violations of  10(b) and Rule
10b-5 of the Exchange Act and asserted liability against the individual defendants pursuant to   20(a) of the Exchange Act.
The plaintiffs seek monetary damages, interest, attorneys  fees, costs and other unspecified relief. On July 13, 2016, the
Utah Retirement System moved for appointment as lead plaintiff and approval of its selection of counsel, which was not opposed
by the Pension Trust Fund for Operation Engineers and was approved on August 24, 2016. The Utah Retirement System has until November
8, 2016 to submit an amended compliant as lead plaintiff. 

On
or about June 21, 2016, T Lani Robinson and Robby Brown filed an arbitration demand with the American Arbitration
Association in Chicago, seeking to represent a putative class of students who received a DeVry University education from
January 1, 2008 until April 8, 2016. Following DeVry Group s filing of a declaratory judgment action in the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois seeking, among other things, an order declaring that federal
court is the appropriate venue for this putative class action, on September 12, 2016, T Lani Robinson and Robby Brown
voluntarily withdrew their demand for arbitration. On September 20, 2016, Robinson and Brown answered the
declaratory judgement action and filed a putative class action counterclaim (the  Robinson Complaint ),
individually and on behalf of others similarly situated, against DeVry Group Inc., DeVry University, Inc., and DeVry/New
York, Inc. in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The counterclaim, which, following a
stipulated dismissal of the arbitration demand and the declaratory action was realigned by the court as a claim, is
predicated on the same core allegations as the FTC lawsuit, and asserts causes of action for breach of contract,
misrepresentation, concealment, negligence, violations of the Illinois Uniform Deceptive Trade Practices Act, the Illinois
Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Trade Practices Act, and the Illinois Private Business and Vocational Schools Act, conversion,
unjust enrichment, and declaratory relief. The plaintiffs seek monetary, declaratory, injunctive, and other unspecified relief. 

On October 14, 2016,
a putative class action lawsuit was filed by six former DeVry University students, Debbie Petrizzo, Renee Heather Polly,
Brandy Van Buren, Melissa Lotzman, Jamison Purry and Cheryl Costello, individually and on behalf of others similarly
situated, against the DeVry Group Defendants in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Illinois. The complaint was filed on behalf of a putative class of persons consisting of those who enrolled in and/or
attended classes at DeVry University from at least 2002 through the present and who were unable to find employment within
their chosen field of study within six months of graduation. Citing the FTC lawsuit, the plaintiffs claim that
defendants made false or misleading statements regarding DeVry University s graduate employment rate and assert claims
for unjust enrichment and violations of six different states  consumer fraud, unlawful trade practices, and
consumer protection laws. The plaintiffs seek monetary, declaratory, injunctive, and other unspecified relief. 

On October 28, 2016,
a putative class action lawsuit was filed by twelve individuals, Jairo Jara, Elijah Morgan, Steven Nickens, Julie Ramroop, Jorge
Rivas, David Viglielmo, Jennifer Wallace, Suzane Apodaca, Jorge Munoz, Alex Haberer, Annette Pearson, and Thomas Pearson, individually
and on behalf of others similarly situated, against the DeVry Group Defendants in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois. The individual plaintiffs claim to have graduated from DeVry University in 2001 or later and seek to
proceed on behalf of a putative class of persons consisting of those who obtained a degree from DeVry University and who were unable
to find employment within their chosen field of study within six months of graduation. Citing the FTC lawsuit, the plaintiffs
claim that defendants made false or misleading statements regarding DeVry University s graduate employment rate and assert
claims for unjust enrichment and violations of ten different states  consumer fraud, unlawful trade practices, and consumer
protection laws. The plaintiffs seek monetary, declaratory, injunctive, and other unspecified relief. 

NOTE 13: SEGMENT INFORMATION  

DeVry Group s principal
business is providing postsecondary education. DeVry Group presents three reportable segments:  Medical and Healthcare, 
which includes the operations of AUC, RUSM, RUSVM (under the DeVry Medical International reporting unit), Chamberlain and Carrington;
 International and Professional Education,  which includes the operations of DeVry Brasil and Becker; and  Business,
Technology and Management,  which is comprised solely of DeVry University. 

These segments are consistent
with the method by which the Chief Operating Decision Maker (DeVry Group s President and Chief Executive Officer) evaluates
performance and allocates resources. Performance evaluations are based, in part, on each segment s operating income, which
is defined as income before special charges, noncontrolling interest, income taxes and interest. Interest and certain home office
related expenses are reconciling items in arriving at consolidated income before income taxes. Intersegment sales are accounted
for at amounts comparable to sales to nonaffiliated customers and are eliminated in consolidation. The consistent measure of segment
assets excludes deferred income tax assets and certain depreciable Home Office and Other assets. Additions to long-lived assets
have been measured in this same manner. Reconciling items are included as Home Office and Other assets. The accounting policies
of the segments are the same as those described in  Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.  

Following is a tabulation
of business segment information based on the segmentation for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Home Office and
Other information is included where it is needed to reconcile segment data to the Consolidated Financial Statements (in thousands). 

Home Office and Other Segment Assets in fiscal year 2016
have been revised to reflect the reclassification of deferred tax assets and liabilities related to adoption of ASU No. 2015-17
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  

DeVry Group conducts its
educational operations in the U.S., Dominica, St. Kitts, St. Maarten, Brazil, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, India, China and
the Pacific Rim. Other international revenue, which is derived principally from Europe and the Pacific Rim, was less than 5% of
total revenue for each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Revenue and long-lived assets by geographic
area are as follows (in thousands): 

No one customer accounted for more than 10% of DeVry
Group's consolidated revenue. 

ITEM 2   MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL       CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Through its website, DeVry
Education Group Inc. ( DeVry Group ) offers  its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and
other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). DeVry Group s website is  http://www.devryeducationgroup.com . 

The following discussion
of DeVry Group s results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with DeVry Group s Consolidated
Financial Statements and the related Notes thereto in  Item 1   Financial Statements  in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q and DeVry Group s Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto in  Item 8   Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data  in DeVry Group s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.
DeVry Group s Annual Report on Form 10-K includes a description of critical accounting policies and estimates and assumptions
used in the preparation of DeVry Group s financial statements. These include, but are not limited to, the use of estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities; revenue and expense recognition; allowance for uncollectible
accounts; internal-use developed software; land, building and equipment; stock-based compensation; valuation of goodwill and other
intangible assets; valuation of long-lived assets; and income taxes. 

The seasonal pattern of
DeVry Group s enrollments and its educational programs starting dates affect the results of operations and the timing of
cash flows. Therefore, management believes that comparisons of its results of operations should primarily be made to the corresponding
period in the preceding year. Comparisons of financial position should be made to both the end of the previous fiscal year and
to the end of the corresponding quarterly period in the preceding year. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

Certain statements contained
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including those that affect DeVry Group s expectations or plans, may constitute
 forward-looking statements  subject to the Safe Harbor Provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as DeVry Group or its management  anticipates, 
 believes,   estimates,   expects,   forecasts,   foresees,   intends, 
 plans  or other words or phrases of similar import. Such statements are inherently uncertain and may involve risks
and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ materially from those projected or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Potential risks and uncertainties that could affect DeVry Group s results are described throughout this report,
including those in Part I,  Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies  to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in Part
II,  Item 1   Legal Proceedings,  in Part II,  Item 1A   Risk Factors,  and in DeVry Group s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 filed with the SEC on August 25, 2016, including, without limitation,
in Part I,  Item 1A   Risk Factors  and in the subsections of  Item 1   Business 
entitled  Market Trends and Competition,   Student Admissions,   Accreditation,   Tuition
and Fees,   Financial Aid and Financing Student Education,   Legislative and Regulatory Requirements, 
 Career Services,   Seasonality  and  Employees.  

All forward-looking statements
included in this report speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required under the federal securities laws or the rules
and regulations of the SEC, we are not under any obligation to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 

OVERVIEW   

During the first quarter
of fiscal year 2017, DeVry Group s revenue and net income increased as compared to the year-ago quarter. Revenue growth in
the Medical and Healthcare and International and Professional Education segments more than offset the revenue decline in the Business,
Technology and Management segment. Operational and financial highlights for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 include: 

Chamberlain College of
Nursing ( Chamberlain ) grew its revenue by more than 10% as compared to the year-ago quarter. For the September 2016
session, total student enrollment at Chamberlain increased 11.5% to 28,781 students as compared to the same term last year. In
the session, Chamberlain started its largest Bachelor of Science in Nursing Degree Completion Option new student class ever, with
2,079 students. Chamberlain continues to invest in its programs, student services and campus locations.    

On July 1, 2016, Becker
Professional Education ( Becker ) acquired the Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists ( ACAMS ),
located in Miami, Florida, for approximately $331 million, net of cash acquired. DeVry Group funded the purchase with available
domestic cash balances and $175 million in borrowings under its revolving credit facility. ACAMS is the largest international membership
organization dedicated to enhancing the knowledge and skills of anti-money laundering and financial crime prevention professionals.
The acquisition furthers Becker s global growth strategy into professional education and enhances Becker s position
as a leading provider of lifelong learning for professionals. The acquisition is expected to be neutral to earnings per share in
fiscal year 2017 and is expected to be accretive in fiscal year 2018 and beyond.    

DeVry University received
a published Cohort Default Rate ( CDR ) for its federal student loans for 2013 (the most recent three-year period published)
of 10.6% which is down from 12.6% in the three-year period published in the prior year. By achieving this lower rate, DeVry University
is allowed to participate in the State of California state grant program.    

DeVry Group recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $5.0 million in the first quarter of fiscal
year 2017 primarily related to real estate consolidations. During the remainder of fiscal year 2017, DeVry Group expects to continue
cost reduction efforts which would result in additional restructuring charges.   

DeVry Group continued
its ninth share repurchase program by repurchasing a total of 370,708 shares of its common stock at an average cost of $22.27 per
share during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. The DeVry Group Board of Directors approved the ninth share repurchase program
in December 2015, authorizing DeVry Group to repurchase up to $100 million of its common stock through December 31, 2017.    

DeVry Group s financial
position remained strong, generating $97.8 million of operating cash flow during the first three months of fiscal year 2017. As
of September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $189.0 million and outstanding borrowings totaled $130.0 million.    

USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND SUPPLEMENTAL RECONCILIATION
SCHEDULE   

During the first quarter
of fiscal year 2017, DeVry Group recorded restructuring charges primarily related to real estate consolidations at DeVry University,
Carrington College ( Carrington ) and DeVry Group s Home Office in order to align its cost structure with enrollments.
During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, DeVry Group recorded restructuring charges related to workforce reductions and real
estate consolidations at DeVry University and real estate consolidations at Carrington in order to align its cost structure with
enrollments. The following table illustrates the effects of restructuring charges on DeVry Group s earnings. Management believes
that the non-GAAP disclosure of net income and earnings per share excluding these special items provides investors with useful
supplemental information regarding the underlying business trends and performance of DeVry Group s ongoing operations and
is useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations given the special nature of the restructuring charges. DeVry Group
uses these supplemental financial measures internally in its management and budgeting process. However, these non-GAAP financial
measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as a substitute for, DeVry Group s reported results prepared in accordance
with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ). The following table reconciles these non-GAAP measures
to the most directly comparable GAAP information (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

(1) Represents the income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments
that is recognized in our GAAP financial statements. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

The following table presents
information with respect to the relative size to revenue of each item in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the first three
months of both the current and prior fiscal year. Percentages may not add because of rounding. 

REVENUE   

Total consolidated revenue
for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 of $449.9 million increased $8.5 million, or 1.9%, as compared to the year-ago quarter.
Included in current year revenue is $29.5 million related to the fiscal year 2017 acquisition of ACAMS and the fiscal year 2016
acquisitions at DeVry Educacional do Brasil ( DeVry Brasil ), which occurred after the first quarter of fiscal year
2016. Excluding the effect of the increase in the value of the Brazilian Real as compared to the U.S. dollar of $4.5 million, total
consolidated revenue increased approximately 0.9%, as compared to the year-ago quarter. Constant currency calculations assume conversion
of local currency amounts at exchange rates in effect in the year ago period as compared to those conversions at exchange rates
in effect during the current fiscal year period. On a constant currency basis, first quarter revenue growth was driven by the International
and Professional Education segment, including the acquisitions noted above. Also, revenue within the Medical and Healthcare segment
rose 5.7% as compared to the year-ago quarter, driven by growth in total student enrollment at Chamberlain and tuition price increases
at DeVry Medical International ( DMI ). The increase in first quarter revenue was partially offset by a 24.2% revenue
decline at DeVry University compared to the year-ago quarter, driven by a decline in student enrollment. 

Management expects that
for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017, revenue will be flat to up  1 percent as compared to the second quarter of fiscal
year 2016. Organic growth within the International and Professional Education and Medical and Healthcare segments along with the
revenue increases from acquisitions, and the expected higher value compared to the prior year of the Brazilian Real as compared
to the U.S. dollar are expected to be offset by DeVry University s continuing planned revenue declines resulting from the
impact of lower new and total student enrollments and the redesigned program offerings. 

Medical and Healthcare   

Medical and
Healthcare segment revenue increased 5.7% to $236.8 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 as compared to the year-ago
quarter. Higher total student enrollment for the quarter at Chamberlain and tuition price increases at DMI were the drivers of
revenue growth. These increases were partially offset by revenue declines at Carrington, primarily the result of lower enrollment.
Key trends for DMI, Chamberlain and Carrington are set forth below. See the discussion following the enrollment information for
explanations of the trends. 

DeVry Medical International   

DeVry Medical International
Student Enrollment:   

DMI revenue
increased 6.6% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, compared to the year-ago quarter, driven primarily by tuition price increases
and enrollment increases at Ross University School of Veterinary Medicine ( RUSVM ) and an increase in clinical weeks
delivered at American University of the Caribbean School of Medicine ( AUC ). These increases were partially offset
by lower enrollment at Ross University School of Medicine ( RUSM ) and AUC. Consolidated DMI new and total student
enrollment in the May 2016 semester, which contributed revenue for the first two months of fiscal year 2017, decreased 13.3% and
2.1%, respectively, from the May 2015 semester. In the September 2016 semester, new student enrollment decreased 18.7% and total
student enrollment decreased 5.8% from the September 2015 semester. The enrollment declines were primarily the result of increased
competition. Management is reviewing alternatives for differentiating DMI from the competition and improving the effectiveness
of marketing strategies, including restructuring the marketing organization, and shifting from traditional media and event-driven
marketing to greater use of digital and social media channels to drive awareness throughout the year. 

Management
believes the demand for medical education remains strong and can support management s longer-term growth expectations to
grow new enrollments in the low-single digit range; however, heightened competition may adversely affect DMI s ability to
continue to attract qualified students to its programs. 

Tuition Rates:  

Effective September 2016, tuition rates for the beginning basic sciences and final clinical rotation
portions of AUC s medical program are $20,960 and $23,450, respectively, per semester. These tuition rates represent a 3.5%
increase over the prior academic year.   

Effective September 2016, tuition rates for the beginning basic sciences and Internal Medicine
Foundations/final clinical portion of the programs at RUSM are $21,325 and $23,530, respectively, per semester. These tuition
rates represent a 3.6% increase over the prior academic year.   

Effective September 2016, tuition rates for the basic sciences and final clinical portion of the
programs at RUSVM are $18,310 and $22,985, respectively, per semester. These tuition rates have not increased over the prior academic
year.   

The respective
tuition rates for AUC, RUSM and RUSVM do not include the cost of transportation, living expenses and health insurance. 

Chamberlain College of Nursing   

Chamberlain College of Nursing
Undergraduate and Graduate Student Enrollment:   

Chamberlain
revenue increased 10.4% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago quarter, driven primarily by enrollment
increases. The recent session new student enrollment trend is the result of increased competition, enrollment caps at some newer
Chamberlain locations and management s continuation of enrollment limits in the Family Nurse Practitioner ( FNP )
program. 

Chamberlain
has been notified by the Texas Board of Nursing ( TBN ) that effective January 19, 2017, the Chamberlain campus in
Houston, Texas will be placed on conditional approval as a result of falling below the state required first time pass rate of Chamberlain
Houston graduates on the National Council of Nursing Licensure Exam ( NCLEX ). Conditional status prohibits the
campus from admitting new students to its program through September of 2017. Management is confident that it will be able
to increase and maintain NCLEX scores above the threshold by September 30, 2017, and that the TBN will allow Chamberlain to return
to full approval in October 2017. This change in status does not affect the other two Chamberlain campuses in Texas. 

Chamberlain
currently operates 20 campuses in 14 states. Chamberlain will focus on further strengthening programs and resources in a competitive
environment. Management believes Chamberlain remains well-positioned to support the high demand for nursing well into the future. 

Tuition Rates:  

Effective for sessions
beginning in May 2016, tuition is $675 per credit hour for students enrolling in the Chamberlain Bachelor of Science in Nursing
( BSN ) and Licensed Practical Nurse to Registered Nurse ( LPN-to-RN ) programs. This rate represents a
1.5% increase over the prior year. This amount does not include the cost of supplies, transportation and living expenses; books
are included.    

Effective for sessions
beginning in May 2016, tuition is $590 per credit hour for students enrolled in the Chamberlain Registered Nurse to Bachelor of
Science in Nursing ( RN-to-BSN ) online degree option. Tuition for students enrolled in the online Master of Science
in Nursing ( MSN ) program is $650 per credit hour. For students enrolled in the FNP track, tuition is $665 per credit
hour for the ten FNP specialty courses. The online Doctor of Nursing Practice ( DNP ) program is offered at $750 per
credit hour. All of these tuition rates are unchanged from the prior year.    

Carrington College   

Carrington College Student Enrollment:   

Carrington revenue
decreased 7.9% to $37.0 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago quarter, driven by declining
enrollment. Enrollment declines are the result of changing demand for career education given low unemployment and rising wages.
To improve enrollment results, management is focused on bringing relevant programs to serve areas of the workforce where supply
and demand imbalances exist. 

Tuition rates:  

On a per credit hour
basis, tuition for Carrington programs ranges from $302 per credit hour to $1,684 per credit hour, with the wide range due to the
nature of the programs. General education courses are charged at $335 to $371 per credit hour. Students are charged a non-refundable
registration fee of $100, and they are also charged separately for books, program-specific supplies and/or testing. A student services
fee ranging from $30 to $150, depending on the program, is charged as well. Total program tuition ranges from approximately $12,000
to $15,000 for most certificate programs up to approximately $60,000 for a few advanced programs.    

International and Professional
Education   

International
and Professional Education segment revenue increased 58.5% to $93.0 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared
to the year-ago quarter. Included in current year revenue is $29.5 million related to the fiscal year 2017 acquisition of ACAMS
and the fiscal year 2016 acquisitions at DeVry Brasil, which occurred after the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. The increase
in value of the Brazilian Real as compared to the U.S. dollar increased reported revenue for the first quarter by approximately
$4.5 million. Excluding this currency effect, total segment revenue increased approximately 50.9%, as compared to the year-ago
quarter. DeVry Brasil revenue increased 75.1% compared to the year-ago quarter and, on a constant currency basis, increased by
approximately 62% in the first quarter as compared to the year-ago quarter. In addition to revenue growth within existing institutions,
the fiscal year 2016 acquisitions of Grupo Ibmec Educacional S.A. ( Grupo Ibmec ) and Faculdade de Imperatriz ( Facimp )
contributed 90% of the revenue growth at DeVry Brasil. Revenue at Becker increased 36.6% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017
as compared to the year-ago quarter. The first quarter of fiscal year 2017 acquisition of ACAMS accounted for all of the revenue
growth at Becker. 

Brazil s
economy continues to present challenges to enrollment growth as well as create pricing pressures in the education sector. DeVry
Brasil s new student enrollment has been negatively impacted by these conditions as well as reductions in the  Fundo
de Financiamento Estudantil  or  Students Financing Fund  ( FIES ) program. Should economic conditions
continue to weaken and additional austerity measures be instituted by the Brazilian government, DeVry Brasil s ability to
grow its student enrollment may be further impacted. 

Key enrollment
trends for DeVry Brasil are set forth below. 

DeVry Brasil Student Enrollment:   

These enrollment
figures include students enrolled in degree-granting programs and exclude students enrolled in the test preparation programs at
Dam sio Educacional ( Damasio ). The acquisitions of Grupo Ibmec and Facimp, which occurred in the second and
fourth quarters of fiscal year 2016, respectively, added 3,322 new student enrollments and 16,688 total student enrollment to the
September 2016 semester totals. Excluding the effect of these acquisitions, new enrollment decreased 12.7% and total enrollment
increased 4.1% in the September 2016 semester compared to the year-ago semester. The acquisition of Grupo Ibmec added 4,364 new
student enrollments and 16,348 total student enrollments to the March 2016 semester totals. Excluding the effect of this acquisition,
new enrollment increased 4.2% and total enrollment increased 7.2% in the March 2016 semester compared to the year-ago semester. 

DeVry Brasil s
institutions and program offerings are subject to regulation by Brazil s Ministry of Education ( MEC ) which
may impose limits on the number of students who can be enrolled in its programs. Previous restrictions at Faculdade  rea1
(  REA1 ) were removed in September 2015. There are currently no restrictions on any DeVry Brasil institutions
or programs. 

DeVry Brasil
students are eligible for loans under Brazil s FIES public loan program, which is financed by the Brazilian government. As
of June 30, 2016, approximately 31% of DeVry Brasil s degree-seeking students have obtained financing under the FIES program.
This represents approximately 29% of DeVry Brasil s revenue. The Brazilian government has stated that it is supportive of
the FIES program, which is an important factor in helping to increase the number of college graduates. However, changes enacted
in calendar year 2015 to the FIES regulations have added restrictions limiting student eligibility for FIES funding and extended
the government s time to pay participating institutions. These changes include reducing the number of new FIES contracts,
decreasing the monthly maximum family income limits that students  families must not exceed in order to qualify for a FIES
loan and adding minimum required entrance test scores in order to qualify for a FIES loan. In addition, the Brazilian government
reduced the frequency of payments to participating institutions and increased the annual interest rate borrowers are charged from
3.4% to 6.5%. In calendar year 2016, MEC increased the maximum family income limit that students  families must not exceed
to qualify for loans from 2.5 to 3 times the minimum wage. 

DeVry Brasil
institutions have increased efforts to attract more non-FIES students in order to reduce dependency on this program. Also, DeVry
Brasil is working with private lenders to increase funding sources for prospective students. Management believes DeVry Brasil institutions
offer programs of study and operate in areas of the country that the Brazilian government favors in issuing FIES loans. However,
the changes in the FIES program have impacted DeVry Brasil s growth due to fewer students qualifying for the FIES program. 

Business, Technology and Management   

Revenue in
the Business, Technology and Management segment, which is composed solely of DeVry University, decreased 24.2% to $120.9 million
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago quarter, as a result of a decline in student enrollment as
DeVry University repositions itself to stabilize enrollment. Enrollment declines are expected to continue for the remainder of
fiscal year 2017, which will result in lower revenue. Key trends in enrollment and tuition pricing are set forth below. 

DeVry
University Undergraduate Student Enrollment:   

DeVry University Graduate Student Enrollment:   

The term  coursetaker 
refers to the number of courses taken by a student. Thus, one student taking two courses is counted as two coursetakers. 

Management believes
the decreases in undergraduate and graduate enrollment have been due to lower demand from DeVry University s target student
segment driven by heightened competition from both public and private-sector education providers and the availability of lower
cost degrees. This has resulted in a reduction in interest from potential students. Management believes heightened competition
at the local level has increased, as traditional four-year colleges have started targeting adult students to a much greater extent.
In addition, public-sector and independent colleges are taking share from national competitors. Pricing pressure is increasing,
and while students appear willing to pay a higher price for private independent colleges, DeVry University is more expensive than
many of its public and private-sector competitors. 

To address the
issue of declining enrollment, DeVry University is focused on implementing management s transformation strategy, which includes
both near-term actions to stabilize enrollments and sustain positive economics and longer-term investments to increase competitiveness
and differentiation. Over the long-term, management s goal is to transform DeVry University by improving the student experience
and programs, addressing affordability and improving awareness of the university s programs. Management expects to accomplish
this with strategic use of marketing, launching new, flexible programs, creating shorter programs, creating certificate programs,
deploying a new student-centric scheduling system, optimizing the pricing structure and the use of scholarships, and increasing
focus on corporate and employer relationships. 

In aligning
the cost structure, management is focused on increasing efficiencies. Over the past several years, DeVry University has reduced
costs through staffing adjustments, management structure adjustments, consolidating locations, managing advertising expenditures,
optimizing course scheduling to better utilize classrooms and simplifying program offerings. Management made the decision to close
or consolidate certain DeVry University campuses while balancing the potential impact on enrollment and student satisfaction. Since
the beginning of fiscal year 2014, DeVry University has closed 39 campus locations and completed additional campus size reductions.
As of the commencement of the September 2016 session, DeVry University operates 60 campus locations. Management believes that additional
consolidations and closures of DeVry University locations are likely to occur in fiscal year 2017. 

Tuition rates:  

For fiscal year 2017, DeVry University s U.S. undergraduate tuition is $609 per credit hour
for new students. If a student was enrolled before September 2015, they will continue to pay $609 per credit hour for up to seven
credit hours and $365 for each credit hour in excess of seven credit hours as they are covered under DeVry University s Fixed
Tuition Promise ( FTP ). DeVry University has frozen both undergraduate and graduate tuition for the past several years.
These amounts do not include the cost of books, supplies, transportation and living expenses.   

For fiscal year 2017, Keller Graduate School of Management ( Keller ) program tuition
per course is $2,298. This rate is unchanged from the prior year.   

Any tuition rate increases after July 2017 will apply only to newly enrolled students. Existing
students will pay the tuition they were paying at the time DeVry University adopted its FTP or, if later, at the time of their
enrollment. To remain eligible for the FTP students may not miss more than five consecutive sessions.   

COSTS AND EXPENSES   

Cost of Educational Services   

The largest
component of Cost of Educational Services is the cost of faculty and staff who support educational operations. This expense category
also includes the costs of facilities, adjunct faculty, supplies, bookstore and other educational materials, student education-related
support activities and the provision for uncollectible student accounts. 

Cost of Educational
Services increased 2.3% to $250.7 million during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago quarter. Excluding
the effect of the increase in the value of the Brazilian Real as compared to the U.S. dollar, total consolidated Cost of Educational
Services increased approximately 1.3%, as compared to the year-ago quarter. This increase is primarily the result of costs added
as a result of the acquisitions of ACAMS in fiscal year 2017 and Grupo Ibmec and Facimp in fiscal year 2016, totaling $20.9 million,
and costs associated with enrollment growth at Chamberlain, which were partially offset with cost reduction measures at DeVry University.
Cost of Educational Services within DeVry University was lower by 28.5% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to
the year-ago quarter. 

As a percentage of revenue,
Cost of Educational Services increased to 55.7% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 compared to 55.5% during the year-ago
quarter. 

Student Services and Administrative
Expense   

The Student
Services and Administrative Expense category includes expenses related to student admissions, marketing and advertising, general
and administrative, curriculum development and amortization expense of finite-lived intangible assets related to acquisitions of
businesses. 

Student Services
and Administrative Expense decreased 1.8% to $161.1 million during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago
quarter. Excluding the effect of the increase in the value of the Brazilian Real as compared to the U.S. dollar, total consolidated
Student Services and Administrative Expense decreased approximately 2.1%, as compared to the year-ago quarter. The decrease was
primarily the result of cost reduction measures. Over the past several years, DeVry Group has reduced costs through staffing adjustments
primarily at DeVry University, Carrington and the DeVry Group home office. Also, management is finding ways to be more efficient
in marketing and recruiting efforts. In October 2016, DeVry Group hired a Chief Marketing Officer responsible for streamlining
marketing efficiencies across all DeVry Group institutions while maintaining marketing and recruiting efforts that assist students
with successful outcomes. Student Services and Administrative Expense within DeVry University was lower by 12.0% in the first quarter
of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago quarter. This reduction was partially offset by costs added as a result of the
acquisitions of ACAMS in fiscal year 2017 and Grupo Ibmec and Facimp in fiscal year 2016, totaling $9.0 million. Amortization of
finite-lived intangible assets increased by $2.1 million during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago
quarter, as a result of the intangible assets added with the acquisitions of ACAMS and Grupo Ibmec. Amortization expense is included
entirely in the Student Services and Administrative Expense category. 

As a percentage
of revenue, Student Services and Administrative Expense decreased to 35.8% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 compared to
37.2% during the year-ago quarter. The decrease was primarily a result of the effectiveness of the cost reduction measures noted
above. 

Management
expects that for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017, total operating costs will decrease 1 to 2 percent, as compared to the
second quarter of fiscal year 2016, driven by the impact of savings from DeVry Group s continued cost reduction measures
which will be partially offset by increases related to the acquisitions of ACAMS, Grupo Ibmec and Facimp. 

Restructuring Expense   

During the
first quarter of fiscal year 2017, DeVry Group recorded pre-tax charges, including accelerated depreciation, primarily related
to real estate consolidations of $5.0 million. These restructuring charges were charged to segment expense in the first quarter
of fiscal year 2017 as follows: $1.3 million to Medical and Healthcare, $1.7 million to Business, Technology and Management and
$2.0 million to DeVry Group home office which is classified as  Home Office and Other  in  Note 13: Segment Information 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 

During the
first quarter of fiscal year 2016, DeVry Group recorded pre-tax charges, including accelerated depreciation, related to real estate
consolidations of $18.8 million. Also during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, DeVry University implemented a reduction in
force ( RIF ) which reduced DeVry University s workforce by 104 total positions and resulted in pre-tax charges
of $5.3 million during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. These charges represented severance pay and benefits for these employees.
These restructuring charges were charged to segment expense in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 as follows: $0.4 million to
Medical and Healthcare and $23.7 million to Business, Technology and Management. 

Cash payments
for the fiscal year 2017 and 2016 charges were approximately $11.9 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. The remaining
accrual for these charges is $40.4 million as of September 30, 2016. The balance is expected to be paid within the next 12 months
except for rent charges which may be paid out for periods of up to 8 years. Additional restructuring expense is expected to be
recorded in the remainder of fiscal year 2017 as DeVry Group continues to reduce cost where enrollment levels necessitate such
realignment of expense. 

Management
expects charges for real estate consolidations and severance pay and benefits for workforce reductions to be in the range of $10-15
million for the remainder of fiscal year 2017. Most of these charges are expected to occur in the Business, Technology and Management
segment. 

OPERATING INCOME   

Total consolidated operating income for the
first quarter of fiscal year 2017 of $33.1 million increased 301.4%, as compared to the year-ago quarter. A primary driver of the
increase in operating income was a $19.0 million decrease in restructuring expense. Excluding the effect of the decrease in restructuring
expense, and the effect of a $1.6 million increase from the change in exchange rates, consolidated operating income increased 13.2%
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago quarter. Revenue growth in the Medical and Healthcare segment
more than offset the effect on operating income of the revenue decline at DeVry University. 

Medical and Healthcare   

Medical and
Healthcare segment operating income increased 22.2% to $41.8 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the
year-ago quarter. Excluding $1.4 million of restructuring expense which increased from $0.4 million in the year-ago quarter, segment
operating income increased 24.8% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago quarter. Revenue increases
at DMI and Chamberlain and cost reductions at Carrington more than offset the increase in expenses to support growth. 

International and Professional
Education   

International
and Professional Education segment operating income increased 100.2% to $4.1 million in the first quarter of fiscal
year 2017, as compared to the year-ago quarter. Excluding the effect of a of $1.6 million increase from the change in
exchange rates, operating income would have increased 23.0% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the
year-ago quarter. The increased operating income was primarily driven by cost reductions and the addition of ACAMS. 

Business, Technology and Management   

Business, Technology
and Management segment operating loss was $8.0 million for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, compared to an operating loss
of $25.2 million in the year-ago quarter. Excluding $1.7 million of restructuring expense, which decreased from $23.6 million in
the year-ago quarter, the segment operating loss was $6.3 million for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as compared to a loss
of $1.6 million in the year-ago quarter. This increase was the result of a decline in revenue, resulting from the impact of lower
new and total student enrollments and the higher use of scholarships, and discounts partially offset by savings from cost reduction
measures, which offset 88% of the lower revenue for the period. Total segment expenses for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017,
excluding the restructuring charges, decreased $33.8 million or 21.0%, as compared to the year-ago quarter. Management continues
to mitigate the effects of this challenging environment by aligning its cost structure with student enrollment. Management believes
further cost control measures will be necessary in fiscal year 2017, and also believes additional consolidations and closures of
DeVry University locations are likely to occur. 

NET INTEREST EXPENSE   

Net interest expense for
the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 of $1.1 million was $1.1 million lower than the year-ago quarter. The reduction was primarily
the result of increased interest income due to higher invested cash balances at DeVry Brasil. 

INCOME TAXES   

The
effective income tax rate on income was 21.5% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, compared to 10.9% for the first quarter
of fiscal year 2016. The tax rate increased due to an increase in earnings from U.S. operations, which are taxed at a higher rate
than income from foreign operations. DeVry Group s effective income tax rate reflects benefits derived from significant
operations outside the U.S. Earnings of these international operations are not subject to U.S. federal or state income taxes,
so long as such earnings are not repatriated, as discussed below. Four of DeVry Group s operating units, AUC, which operates
in St. Maarten, RUSM, which operates in Dominica, RUSVM, which operates in St. Kitts, and DeVry Brasil, which operates in Brazil,
all benefit from local tax incentives. AUC s effective tax rate reflects benefits derived from investment incentives. RUSM
and RUSVM each have agreements with their respective domestic governments that exempt them from local income taxation. Both of
these agreements have been extended to provide, in the case of RUSM, an indefinite period of exemption and, in the case of RUSVM,
exemption until 2037. DeVry Brasil s effective tax rate reflects benefits derived from its participation in PROUNI, a Brazilian
program for providing scholarships to a portion of its undergraduate students.  

DeVry Group intends to
indefinitely reinvest international earnings and cash flow to improve and expand facilities and operations at AUC, RUSM, RUSVM
and DeVry Brasil, and pursue other business opportunities outside the U.S. Accordingly, DeVry Group has not recorded a provision
for the payment of U.S. income taxes on these earnings. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

Student Payments   

DeVry Group s
primary source of liquidity is the cash received from payments for student tuition, books, other educational materials and fees.
These payments include funds originating as financial aid from various federal and state loan and grant programs, student and family
educational loans ( private loans ), employer educational reimbursements and student and family financial resources.
DeVry Group continues to provide financing options for its students, including DeVry Group s institutional loan programs. 

The following
table summarizes DeVry Group s cash receipts from tuition and related fee payments by fund source as a percentage of total
revenue for fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively. Final data for fiscal year 2016 is not yet available. 

The pattern
of cash receipts during the year is seasonal. DeVry Group s accounts receivable balances peak immediately after tuition bills
are issued each semester/session. Accounts receivable reaches its lowest level at the end of each semester/session, dropping to
its lowest point during the year at the end of December. 

At September
30, 2016, total accounts receivable, net of related reserves, was $184.3 million compared to $186.0 million at September
30, 2015. The main driver of the decrease in net accounts receivable was the impact of the decline in revenue at DeVry University
and Carrington. These decreases were partially offset by additional receivables attributable to the DeVry Brasil acquisition of
Grupo Ibmec and delayed FIES funding on the DeVry Brasil accounts receivable. DeVry Brasil students are eligible for loans under
Brazil s FIES public loan program which is financed by the Brazilian government. The Brazilian government announced changes
to this program which include extending the payment period from the government to the participating institutions. This change resulted
in a higher level of accounts receivable at DeVry Brasil. Higher receivable levels also were recorded at Chamberlain as the result
of increased revenue. 

Financial Aid   

Like other
higher education institutions, DeVry Group is highly dependent upon the timely receipt of federal financial aid funds. All financial
aid and assistance programs are subject to political and governmental budgetary considerations. In the U.S., the Higher Education
Act ( HEA ) guides the federal government s support of postsecondary education. If there are changes to financial
aid programs that restrict student eligibility or reduce funding levels, DeVry Group s financial condition and cash flows
could be materially and adversely affected. Please see  Item 1A   Risk Factors  in Part I of DeVry Group s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 filed with the SEC on August 25, 2016, for a discussion of student
financial aid related risks. Certain of these risks are updated in Part II,  Item 1A   Risk Factors  of this
form 10-Q. 

In addition,
government-funded financial assistance programs are governed by extensive and complex regulations in the U.S. and Brazil. Like
any other educational institution, DeVry Group s administration of these programs is periodically reviewed by various regulatory
agencies and is subject to audit or investigation by other governmental authorities. Any violation could be the basis for penalties
or other disciplinary action, including initiation of a suspension, limitation or termination proceeding. Comprehensive program
reviews of Carrington College-Phoenix, RUSM, Carrington College-California and DeVry University were initiated in April, May, June
and August 2014, respectively, and remain open and ongoing. On January 27, 2016, DeVry University received a preliminary program
review report from the U.S. Department of Education ( ED ), which identified findings relating to its fiscal administration,
student eligibility and administrative capability and provides DeVry University an opportunity to respond to the preliminary findings.
DeVry University provided a comprehensive response to the report on October 11, 2016 disputing most of the findings. The timing
or final outcome of the DeVry University program review, or its possible impact on the business, financial condition or results
of operations of DeVry University or DeVry Group cannot be predicted at this time. 

In conjunction
with its program review of RUSM, ED issued a cease and desist letter for funding students enrolled in a fifth semester course offered
at two U.S. sites. The order has the potential to impact the continued Title IV eligibility for anyone who took the course during
the period from July 2011 through September 2014. RUSM provided a response to ED, clarifying the nature of the fifth semester course
and resumed Title IV funding for all of its students. ED subsequently issued a Program Review Report containing a single finding
which relates to the fifth semester course offered at two U.S. sites. RUSM provided a response to ED on September 16, 2016 disputing
the finding. Should ED assess liabilities related to this finding, management estimates its maximum liability would not materially
adversely affect its business, financial conditions and/or operating results. 

If ED determines
that we have failed to demonstrate either financial responsibility or administrative capability in any pending program review,
or otherwise determines that an institution has violated the terms of its program participation agreement, we could be subject
to sanctions including; fines, penalties, reimbursement for discharged loan obligations, a requirement to post a letter of credit,
suspension or termination of our eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs. ED regulations regarding financial responsibility
provide that, if any one of DeVry Group s Title IV-eligible institutions is unable to pay its obligations under its program
participation agreement as a result of operational issues and/or an enforcement action, DeVry Group s other Title IV-eligible
institutions, regardless of their compliance with applicable laws and regulations, would not be able to maintain their Title IV
eligibility without assisting in the repayment of the first institution s Title IV obligations. Additionally, as a result
of the ED Settlement discussed below, DeVry Group has agreed to be jointly and severally liable with DeVry University under the
terms of the Provisional Program Participation Agreement governing DeVry University s participation in ED s Title IV
programs. As a result, even though DeVry Group s Title IV-eligible institutions are operated through independent entities,
an enforcement action against one of our institutions could also have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of DeVry Group s other institutions and for DeVry Group as a whole, and could result
in the imposition of significant restrictions on the ability for DeVry Group s other institutions and for DeVry Group to
operate. 

On August 28,
2015, DeVry University received a request for documents and information regarding published employment outcomes and relative earnings
information of DeVry University graduates from the Multi-Regional and Foreign School Participation Division of the Federal Student
Aid office of ED ( ED FSA ). The stated purpose of the request was to permit ED FSA to assess DeVry University's compliance
with applicable regulations under Title IV. On January 27, 2016, DeVry University received a Notice of Intent to Limit from ED
FSA (the  January 2016 Notice ) based on a portion of its pending August 28, 2015 inquiry, informing DeVry University
of ED FSA s intention to impose certain limitations on the participation of DeVry University in programs authorized pursuant
to Title IV. The proposed limitations relate to representations in advertising and marketing, regarding the post-graduation employment
outcomes of DeVry University students over a period from 1975 to October 1980 (the  Since 1975 Representation ). DeVry
University requested a hearing regarding ED s proposed limitations and, on October 13, 2016, reached a negotiated settlement
agreement with ED regarding the January 2016 Notice (the  ED Settlement ). Under the terms of the ED Settlement, among
other things, without admitting wrongdoing, DeVry University (1) may no longer make representations regarding the graduate employment
outcomes of DeVry University graduates from 1975 to October 1980, including advertising regarding the cumulative graduate employment
outcomes since 1975, (2) will maintain or undertake certain recordkeeping and compliance practices to support future representations
regarding graduate employment rates and (3) will post a notice on its website and in its enrollment agreements regarding the Since
1975 Representation. The ED Settlement also provides that, except for Heightened Cash Monitoring 1 status, ED will not impose conditions
on the timing of, or documentation requirements for, disbursement of aid due to matters relating to lack of substantiation for
the Since 1975 Representation. As a result of the ED Settlement, DeVry University s participation in the Title IV programs
will be subject to provisional certification for five years and DeVry University will be required to post a letter of credit equal
to the greater of 10% of DeVry s annual Title IV disbursements or $68.4 million for a five-year period. Institutions under
provisional certification must obtain ED approval before it may award or disburse Title IV funds based on a substantial change,
including the establishment of a new location or the addition of an educational program. Provisional certification status also
carries fewer due process protections than full certification. As a result, ED may withdraw an institution s provisional
certification more easily than if it is fully certified. Provisional certification does not otherwise limit access to Title IV
program funds by students attending the institution. The timing or outcome of unresolved matters from the August 28, 2015 inquiry,
or their possible impact on the business, financial condition or results of operations of DeVry University or DeVry Group cannot
be predicted at this time. The defense, resolution, or settlement of any matter potentially under review arising from the August
28, 2015 inquiry, could require us to expend significant resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows and result in the imposition of significant restrictions on us and our ability
to operate. 

An ED regulation
known as the  90/10 Rule  affects only proprietary postsecondary institutions, such as AUC, RUSM, RUSVM, Chamberlain,
Carrington and DeVry University. Under this regulation, an institution that derives more than 90% of its revenue on a cash basis
from Title IV student financial assistance programs in two consecutive fiscal years loses eligibility to participate in these programs
for at least two fiscal years. The following table details the percentage of revenue on a cash basis from federal financial assistance
programs (excluding Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) and military tuition assistance benefits) for each of DeVry
Group s Title IV-eligible institutions for fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively. Final data for fiscal year 2016 is not
yet available. 

(1) During fiscal year 2015, DeVry University undergraduate and
Keller Graduate School of Management began reporting under one Office of Postsecondary Education identification number (OPEID).
As a result, there is no Undergraduate and Graduate breakout for DeVry University for fiscal year 2015 data. 

In September
2016, DeVry Group committed to voluntarily limit the amount of revenue that each of its six Title IV institutions derive from federal
funding to 85 percent, including VA and military tuition assistance benefits. Management plans to have its institutions meet the
lower threshold by July 2017 and will publicly report the results. 

Under the terms
of DeVry Group institutions  participation in financial aid programs, certain cash received from state governments and ED
is maintained in restricted bank accounts. DeVry Group receives these funds either after the financial aid authorization and disbursement
process for the benefit of the student is completed, or just prior to that authorization. Once the authorization and disbursement
process for a particular student is completed, the funds may be transferred to unrestricted accounts and become available for DeVry
Group to use in operations. This process generally occurs during the academic term for which such funds have been authorized. Cash
in the amount of $5.8 million and $7.9 million was held in restricted bank accounts at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

A separate
financial responsibility test for continued participation by an institution s students in U.S. federal financial assistance
programs is based upon a composite score of three ratios: an equity ratio that measures the institution s capital resources;
a primary reserve ratio that measures an institution s ability to fund its operations from current resources; and a net income
ratio that measures an institution s ability to operate profitably. A minimum score of 1.5 is necessary to meet ED s
financial standards. Institutions with scores of less than 1.5 but greater than or equal to 1.0 are considered financially responsible,
but require additional oversight. These schools are subject to heightened cash monitoring and other participation requirements.
An institution with a score less than 1.0 is considered not financially responsible. However, a school with a score less than 1.0
may continue to participate in the Title IV programs under provisional certification. In addition, this lower score typically requires
that the school be subject to heightened cash monitoring requirements and post a letter of credit (equal to a minimum of 10 percent
of the Title IV aid it received in the institution's most recent fiscal year). 

For the past
several years, DeVry Group s composite score has exceeded the required minimum of 1.5. If DeVry Group was unable to meet
requisite financial responsibility standards or otherwise demonstrate, within the regulations, its ability to continue to provide
educational services, then DeVry Group could be subject to heightened cash monitoring or be required to post a letter of credit
to enable its students to continue to participate in federal financial assistance programs. 

Cash Provided by Operating
Activities   

The following
table provides a summary of cash flows from operations during each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(in thousands): 

Cash generated
from operations in the first three months of fiscal year 2017 was $97.8 million, compared to $116.6 million in the year-ago
three month period. Net income increased by $19.8 million in the first three months of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago
three month period. The decrease in non-cash items in the first three months of fiscal year 2017 as compared to the year-ago three
month period was primarily the result of a decrease in depreciation and write-offs of leasehold improvements and equipment. This
was the result of a decrease in real estate consolidations and the associated asset disposals at DeVry University in the first
three months of fiscal year 2017, as compared to the year-ago three month period. This was partially offset by an increase in amortization
expense of intangible assets related to the acquisitions of ACAMS in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 and Grupo Ibmec in the
second quarter of fiscal year 2016. 

Changes from
June 30, 2016, in Assets and Liabilities, Net of Effects from Acquisition of Businesses consisted of the following: 

The decrease in combined net prepaid expenses,
accounts payable and accrued expenses was $45.7 million, which is $41.0 million more than the combined change in the year-ago period
driven by overall cost reductions and the timing of the period-end relative to DeVry Group s payroll and bill payment cycles.    

The increase in combined restricted cash,
accounts receivable (excluding the provisions for refunds and uncollectible accounts) and deferred revenue was $65.5 million, which
is $5.3 million more than the combined change in the year-ago period. The main driver of this change was better collections on
accounts receivable relative to the amount of deferred revenue recorded.    

Cash Used in Investing Activities   

Capital expenditures
in the first three months of fiscal year 2017 were $11.3 million, compared to $22.8 million in the year-ago three month
period. The lower spending in the quarter reflects less spending on new campuses at Chamberlain and lower spending at DeVry University. 

Capital spending
for the remainder of fiscal year 2017 is expected to support continued investment at DMI and facility improvements at DeVry Brasil.
Management anticipates full fiscal year 2017 capital spending to be in the range of $70-$75 million. 

On July 1, 2016, Becker
acquired ACAMS, located in Miami, Florida, for approximately $331 million, net of cash acquired. DeVry Group funded the purchase
with available domestic cash balances and $175 million in borrowings under its revolving credit facility. ACAMS is the largest
international membership organization dedicated to enhancing the knowledge and skills of anti-money laundering and financial crime
prevention professionals. The acquisition furthers Becker s global growth strategy into professional education and enhances
Becker s position as a leading provider of lifelong learning for professionals. 

Cash Provided by (Used in)
Financing Activities   

DeVry
Group s consolidated cash balances of $189.0 million at September 30, 2016 included approximately $162.6 million of cash
attributable   to DeVry Group s international operations. It is DeVry Group s intention
to indefinitely reinvest this cash, subsequent earnings and cash flow to improve and expand facilities and operations of its international
schools and pursue future business opportunities outside the U.S. Therefore, cash held by international operations will not be
available for domestic general corporate purposes. Management does not believe this policy will adversely affect DeVry Group s
overall liquidity. Should it be necessary to repatriate the international cash balances to the U.S., the repatriated cash would
be subject to taxation at U.S. tax rates.  

Historically,
DeVry Group has produced positive domestic cash flows from operating activities sufficient to fund the delivery of its domestic
educational programs and services as well as to fund capital investment and other activities including share repurchases and dividend
payments. In addition, DeVry Group maintains a $400 million revolving line of credit which can be expanded to $550 million subject
to bank approval. For the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, cash flows from domestic operating activities were approximately $43
million, which when added to DeVry Group s beginning of the year domestic cash balances, were sufficient to fund $7.4 million
of domestic capital investment and repurchase $8.3 million in common stock, in addition to funding other investment and financing
activities. 

Management
believes current balances of unrestricted cash, cash generated from operations and the revolving credit facility will be sufficient
to fund both DeVry Group s current domestic and international operations, growth plans and current share repurchase program
for the foreseeable future unless significant investment opportunities should arise. 

Revolving Credit Facility   

DeVry Group
entered into a revolving credit facility on March 31, 2015 which expires on March 31, 2020. The Credit Agreement provides for a
multi-currency revolving credit facility in the amount of $400 million (the  Aggregate Commitment ) with availability
in currencies other than U.S. dollars of up to $200 million. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, the
Aggregate Commitment may be increased up to $550 million. Up to $50 million of the Aggregate Commitment is available for letters
of credit. On October 4, 2016, DeVry Group entered into a First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement Amendment ),
which amends the Aggregate Commitment to increase the amount available for letters of credit from $50 million to $100 million.
This increase was requested to accommodate the requirements of the negotiated settlement agreement with the U.S. Department of
Education which requires DeVry University to post a letter of credit for $68.4 million (see  Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part 1, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional explanation on this settlement agreement).
DeVry Group may select interest rates for borrowings under the Credit Agreement equal to LIBOR or a LIBOR-equivalent rate for Eurocurrency
Rate Loans or a base rate, plus an applicable rate based on DeVry Group s consolidated leverage ratio, as defined in the
Credit Agreement. The applicable rate ranges from 2% to 3% for Eurocurrency Rate Loans and from 1% to 2% for Base Rate Loans. As
of September 30, 2016, DeVry Group borrowings under this agreement were $130 million with a weighted average interest rate of 2.53%.
There are no required principal payments under this revolving credit agreement and all borrowings and letters of credit mature
on March 31, 2020. As a result of the agreement extending beyond one year, the borrowings are classified as long-term with the
exception of amounts expected to be repaid in the 12 months subsequent to the balance sheet date, if any. DeVry Group letters of
credit outstanding under this agreement were $0.1 million as of each of September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016,
DeVry Group is charged an annual fee equal to 2.0% of the undrawn face amount of the outstanding letters of credit under the agreement,
payable quarterly. The agreement also requires payment of a commitment fee equal to 0.35% of the undrawn portion of the credit
facility as of September 30, 2016. The interest rate, letter of credit fees and commitment fees are adjustable quarterly, based
upon DeVry Group s achievement of certain financial ratios. 

The revolving
credit agreement contains covenants that, among other things, require maintenance of certain financial ratios, as defined in the
agreement. Maintenance of these financial ratios could place restrictions on DeVry Group s ability to pay dividends. These
financial ratios include a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, a consolidated leverage ratio and a U.S. Department of Education
financial responsibility ratio based upon a composite score of an equity ratio, a primary reserve ratio and a net income ratio.
Failure to maintain any of these ratios or to comply with other covenants contained in the agreement will constitute an event of
default and could result in termination of the agreement and require payment of all outstanding borrowings and replacement of outstanding
letters of credit. DeVry Group was in compliance with the debt covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

The stock of
all U.S. and certain foreign subsidiaries of DeVry Group is pledged as collateral for the borrowings under the revolving credit
facility. 

Other Contractual Arrangements   

DeVry
Group s long-term contractual obligations consist of its $400 million revolving line of credit (discussed above), operating
leases on facilities and equipment and agreements for various services. 

In
addition, DeVry Group has recorded liabilities for deferred purchase price agreements with sellers related to the acquisitions
of Faculdade Diferencial Integral ( Facid ), Faculdade Ideal ( Faci ), Damasio, Grupo Ibmec and Facimp
(see  Note 7: Business Combinations  to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for
a discussion of the Grupo Ibmec and Facimp acquisitions). This financing is in the form of holdbacks of a portion of the purchase
price of these acquisitions or installment payments. Payments are made under these agreements based on payment schedules or the
resolution of any pre-acquisition contingencies. 

DeVry
Group is not a party to any off-balance sheet financing or contingent payment arrangements, nor are there any unconsolidated subsidiaries.
DeVry Group has not extended any loans to any officer, director or other affiliated person. DeVry Group has not entered into any
synthetic leases and there are no residual purchase or value commitments related to any facility lease. DeVry Group did not enter
into any derivatives, swaps, futures contracts, calls, hedges or non-exchange traded contracts during the first three months of
fiscal year 2017. DeVry Group had no open derivative positions at September 30, 2016. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

For a discussion of recent
accounting pronouncements, see  Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 3   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET     RISK   

DeVry Group is not dependent
upon the price levels, nor affected by fluctuations in pricing, of any particular commodity or group of commodities. However, more
than 50% of DeVry Group s costs are in the form of wages and benefits. Changes in employment market conditions or escalations
in employee benefit costs could cause DeVry Group to experience cost increases at levels beyond what it has historically experienced. 

The financial position
and results of operations of AUC, RUSM and RUSVM Caribbean operations are measured using the U.S. dollar as the functional
currency. Substantially all of these financial transactions are denominated in the U.S. dollar. 

The financial position
and results of operations of DeVry Brasil operations are measured using the Brazilian Real as the functional currency. DeVry Brasil
has not entered into any material long-term contracts to purchase or sell goods and services, other than the lease agreements on
teaching facilities and contingencies relating to prior acquisitions. Currently, DeVry Group does not have any foreign exchange
contracts or derivative financial instruments designed to mitigate changes in the value of the Brazilian Real. Brazilian-based
assets constitute 24.7% of DeVry Group s overall assets, and its Brazilian liabilities constitute 11.5% of overall liabilities.
The value of Brazilian Real has been volatile in relation to the U.S. dollar over the past several years. Since June 2015, the
Brazilian Real s value has declined by as much as 22% at December 2015, but recovered most of that loss by June 30, 2016.
Over the first three months of fiscal year 2017, the value has remained fairly steady. Based upon the current value of the net
assets in DeVry Brasil s operations, a change of $0.01 in the value of the Brazilian Real relative to the U.S. dollar results
in a translation adjustment to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss of approximately $15.8 million. For the first three months
of fiscal year 2017, the volatility in value of the Brazilian Real has also resulted in higher U.S. translated revenue and operating
income, as compared to the year-ago three month period. 

The interest rate on DeVry
Group s revolving credit facility is based upon LIBOR or a LIBOR-equivalent rate for Eurocurrency Rate Loans or a base rate
for periods typically ranging from one to three months. Based upon borrowings of $50 million, a 100 basis point increase in short-term
interest rates would result in $0.5 million of additional annual interest expense. At September 30, 2016, DeVry Group had
$130 million in outstanding borrowings under this facility with a weighted average interest rate of 2.53%. 

DeVry Group s customers
are principally individual students enrolled in its various educational programs. Accordingly, concentration of accounts receivable
credit risk is small relative to total revenue and accounts receivable. However, as discussed in  Item 2   Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in subsection  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
of this Form 10-Q, the DeVry Brasil FIES accounts receivable balance has remained elevated due to changes in government funding
of the program. As of September 30, 2016, the FIES accounts receivable balance is $44.3 million. The FIES funding for calendar
year 2015 accounts for $22.7 million of the total outstanding FIES balance. In January 2016, DeVry Brasil entered into a repayment
agreement with the Brazilian government pursuant to which these 2015 funds will paid in annual installments over three years. The
first annual installment of $7.2 million was received by DeVry Brasil on July 1, 2016. 

DeVry Group s cash
is held in accounts at various large, financially secure depository institutions. Although the amount on deposit at a given institution
typically will exceed amounts subject to guarantee, DeVry Group has not experienced any deposit losses to date, nor does management
expect to incur such losses in the future. 

ITEM 4   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer
Certificates   

The required
compliance certificates signed by the DeVry Group s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are included as Exhibits 31
and 32 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to help ensure that all the information required to be disclosed in DeVry Group s reports
filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified by the applicable rules and forms. 

DeVry Group s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered
by this report, that DeVry Group s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act)
are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that DeVry Group files or submits under the Exchange
Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to DeVry Group s management, including its Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There were
no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the first three months of fiscal year 2017 that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, DeVry Group s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

For a discussion of legal
proceedings, see  Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies  to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item
1 of this Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 1A   RISK FACTORS   

Risks Related to DeVry Group s
Highly Regulated Industry   

In addition to the other
information set forth in this report, and the update to the risk factors described below, the factors discussed in Part I,  Item
1A   Risk Factors  in DeVry Group s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, which
could materially affect DeVry Group s business, financial condition or future results, should be carefully considered. Such
risks are not the only risks facing DeVry Group. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to DeVry Group or
that management currently deems to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and/or
operating results. 

We are subject to risks relating
to regulatory matters. If we fail to comply with the extensive regulatory requirements for our operations, we could face fines
and penalties, including loss of access to federal and state student financial aid for our students as well as significant civil
liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
and result in the imposition of significant restrictions on us and our ability to operate.   

As a provider
of higher education, we are subject to extensive regulation. These regulatory requirements cover virtually all phases and aspects
of our U.S. postsecondary operations, including educational program offerings, facilities, civil rights, safety, privacy, instructional
and administrative staff, administrative procedures, marketing and recruiting, financial operations, payment of refunds to students
who withdraw, acquisitions or openings of new schools or programs, addition of new educational programs and changes in our corporate
structure and ownership. 

In particular,
in the U.S., the HEA subjects our U.S. degree-granting institutions (Chamberlain, Carrington and DeVry University) and all other
higher education institutions, including our AUC, RUSM and RUSVM schools that participate in the various federal student financial
aid programs under Title IV of the HEA ( Title IV ) to significant regulatory scrutiny. DeVry Group s Title IV
participating institutions collectively receive 59% of their revenue from students under Title IV-based federal grant and loan
programs. As a result, the suspension, limitation or termination of any of the eligibility of any of our institutions to participate
in Title IV financial aid programs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows and result in the imposition of significant restrictions on us and our ability to operate. 

To participate
in Title IV financial aid programs, an institution must receive and maintain authorization by the appropriate state education agencies,
be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by ED, and be certified by ED as an eligible institution, which ultimately
is accomplished through the execution of a Program Participation Agreement ( PPA ). 

Our institutions
that participate in Title IV programs each do so pursuant to a PPA that, among other things, includes commitments to abide by all
applicable laws and regulations, such as the Incentive Compensation, Substantial Misrepresentation, and Gainful Employment ( GE )
regulations. Alleged violations of such laws or regulations may form the basis of civil actions for violation of state and/or federal
false claims statutes predicated on violations of a PPA, including pursuant to lawsuits brought by private plaintiffs on behalf
of governments (qui tam actions), that have the potential to generate very significant damages linked to our receipt of Title IV
funding from the government over a period of several years. 

As described
in  Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies  to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form
10-Q, DeVry University received a Notice of Intent to Limit from ED (the  January 2016 Notice ) informing DeVry University
of ED s intention to impose certain limitations on the participation of DeVry University in programs authorized pursuant
to Title IV. DeVry University requested a hearing regarding ED s proposed limitations and, on October 13, 2016, reached a
negotiated settlement agreement with ED regarding the January 2016 Notice (the  ED Settlement ). Under the terms of
the ED Settlement, among other things, without admitting wrongdoing, DeVry University (1) may no longer make representations regarding
the graduate employment outcomes of DeVry University graduates from 1975 to October 1980, including advertising regarding the cumulative
graduate employment outcomes since 1975, (2) will maintain or undertake certain recordkeeping and compliance practices to support
future representations regarding graduate employment rates and (3) will post a notice on its website and in its enrollment agreements
regarding the Since 1975 Representation. The ED Settlement also provides that, except for Heightened Cash Monitoring 1 status,
ED will not impose conditions on the timing of, or documentation requirements for, disbursement of aid due to matters relating
to lack of substantiation for the Since 1975 Representation. As a result of the ED Settlement, DeVry University s participation
in the Title IV programs will be subject to provisional certification for five years and DeVry University will be required to post
a letter of credit equal to the greater of 10% of DeVry University s annual Title IV disbursements or $68.4 million for a
five-year period. Institutions under provisional certification must obtain ED approval before it may award or disburse Title IV
funds based on a substantial change, including the establishment of a new location or the addition of an educational program. Provisional
certification status also carries fewer due process protections than full certification. As a result, ED may withdraw an institution s
provisional certification more easily than if it is fully certified. Provisional certification does not otherwise limit access
to Title IV program funds by students attending the institution. 

On October
31, 2014, ED published new gainful employment ( GE ) regulations impacting programs required to prepare graduates for
GE in a recognized occupation. Almost all academic programs offered by Title IV-participating private-sector institutions of higher
education must prepare students for GE in a recognized occupation, as determined in accordance with new regulations that became
effective on July 1, 2015. 

The new GE
regulations established a framework with three components: 

Certification:  Institutions
must certify that each of their GE programs meet applicable state licensure and accreditation requirements and satisfy applicable
educational prerequisites for professional licensure and certification. 

Accountability Measures  :  To
maintain Title IV eligibility, GE programs must meet minimum standards for limiting the debt burden versus the earnings of their
graduates. GE programs will be considered passing, in the zone, or failing for each year in which the accountability measures are
calculated, described as follows: 

Pass:    Programs
whose graduates have an assumed annual loan repayment burden of 8% or less of total earnings or 20% or less of discretionary income. 

Zone:  Programs that are
not passing and whose graduates have an assumed annual loan repayment burden greater than 8% and less than or equal to 12% of total
earnings or greater than 20% and less than or equal to 30% of discretionary income. 

Fail:  Programs whose
graduates have an assumed annual loan repayment burden greater than 12% of total earnings and greater than 30% of discretionary
income. 

Programs that
fail in two out of any three consecutive years or do not pass in any four consecutive years will be disqualified from participation
in the Title IV programs for a period of three years, and an institution is prohibited from establishing Title IV eligibility for
any substantially similar program during that period. 

Transparency:    Institutions
are required to make annual public disclosures regarding the performance and outcomes of their GE programs. The disclosures include
information regarding program costs, median debt of all graduates and completion and placement rates and may include additional
disclosure items beginning in 2017. 

The
accountability measures will typically weigh a calculated debt burden from graduates who completed their studies three and
four years prior to the measuring academic year against the mean or median earnings of these graduates during the most recent
calendar year prior to the conclusion of the measuring academic year. Thus for the 2014-2015 academic year (the first
measurement year under these regulations), the cohort will include graduates from the 2010-2011 and 2011-2012 academic years
and earnings for these graduates from calendar year 2014. Graduate earnings data will be obtained by ED directly from the
Social Security Administration and are not available to us at this time. Debt burdens for students enrolled in programs that
require an internship or residency prior to licensure, such as the medical doctor degrees offered by AUC and RUSM, are
calculated from cohorts who completed their studies six and seven years prior to the measuring academic year. Draft measures for the 2014-2015 academic year were recently released to  institutions and management expects final
measures to be released publicly in early 2017. 

Under
this framework, based on recently released draft rates, we expect that less than 10% of the 2015-2016 academic year
programs across Carrington and DeVry University will fall into the failing category. In addition, approximately
10% of DeVry Group s programs are expected to fall into the zone category, including the RUSVM s veterinary
medicine program. Institutions will be required to provide warnings to enrolled and prospective students with respect to GE
programs considered under the regulations to be in jeopardy of losing Title IV eligibility. Management expects that certain
programs will be able to avoid falling into the zone or failing categories through adjustments to program price, or, if
appropriate and consistent with programmatic standards, the duration of programs. For programs where such adjustments are not
feasible, which may include RUSVM s veterinary medicine program, we may discontinue such programs or seek to establish
relationships with third-party lenders to support student tuition and other expenses. These adjustments, or any requirement
to issue warnings to enrolled and prospective students, could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows and result in the imposition of significant restrictions on us and our ability to
operate. 

A bankruptcy
filing by us or by any of our Title IV institutions, or a closure of one of our Title IV institutions, would lead to an immediate
loss of eligibility to participate in Title IV programs.   

In
the event of a bankruptcy filing by DeVry Group, all of our Title IV participating institutions (our  Title IV Institutions )
would lose their eligibility to participate in Title IV programs, pursuant to statutory provisions of the HEA, notwithstanding
the automatic stay provisions of federal bankruptcy law, which would make any reorganization difficult to implement. Similarly,
in the event of a bankruptcy filing by any of DeVry Group s subsidiaries that own a Title IV Institution, such institution
would lose its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. In the event of any bankruptcy affecting one or more of our Title
IV Institutions, ED could hold our other Title IV Institutions jointly liable for any Title IV program liabilities, whether asserted
or unasserted at the time of such bankruptcy, of the institution whose Title IV program eligibility was terminated. 

Further,
in the event that an institution closes and fails to pay liabilities or other amounts owed to ED, ED can attribute the liabilities
of that institution to other institutions under common ownership. If any one of our Title IV Institutions were to close or have
unpaid ED liabilities, ED could seek to have those liabilities repaid by one of our other Title IV Institutions. DeVry Group is
also jointly and severally liable for claims asserted by ED with respect to DeVry University s participation under Title
IV programs under a Provisional Program Participation Agreement entered into in connection with the ED Settlement. 

Our goodwill and intangible
assets could potentially be impaired if our business results and financial condition were materially and adversely impacted by
the risks and uncertainties.   

DeVry
Group s market capitalization can be affected by, among other things, changes in industry or market conditions, changes in
results of operations and changes in forecasts or market expectations related to future results. If DeVry Group s market
capitalization remains below its carrying value for a sustained period of time or if such a decline becomes indicative that the
fair values of the DeVry Group reporting units have declined below their carrying values, an impairment test may result in a non-cash
impairment charge. At September 30, 2016, intangible assets from business combinations totaled $426.1 million, and goodwill totaled
$854.2 million. Together, these assets equaled approximately 55% of total assets as of such date. If DeVry Group s business
results and financial condition were materially and adversely impacted, then such intangible assets and goodwill could be impaired,
requiring possible write-off of up to $426.1 million of intangible assets and up to $854.2 million of goodwill. 

ITEM 2   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND
USE OF PROCEEDS   

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities   

(1)
On December 15, 2015, the Board of Directors (the  Board ) authorized a share repurchase program to buy back up to $100
million of DeVry Group common stock through December 31, 2017. The total remaining authorization under this share repurchase program
was $75,621,198 as of September 30, 2016. 

Other
Purchases of Equity Securities   

(1)
Represents shares delivered back to DeVry Group for payment of withholding taxes from employees for vesting restricted stock units
( RSUs ) and shares swapped for payment on exercise of incentive stock options pursuant to the terms of DeVry Group's
stock incentive plans. 

ITEM 6   EXHIBITS   

Exhibit 31 
     Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended  

Exhibit 32 
     Certification Pursuant to Title 18 of the United States Code Section 1350  

101.INS 
     XBRL Instance Document  
 
     101.SCH 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
 
     101.CAL 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
 
     101.DEF 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
 
     101.LAB 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
 
     101.PRE 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

DeVry Education Group Inc.  

Date: November 2, 2016 

By 
     /s/ Patrick J. Unzicker  

Patrick J. Unzicker  

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

<EX-31>
 2
 v450984_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

EXHIBIT 31  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Patrick J. Unzicker, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of DeVry Education Group Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report and based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over
financial reporting. 

November 2, 2016 
     /s/ Patrick J. Unzicker  

Patrick J. Unzicker  

Senior Vice President, Chief  

Financial Officer and Treasurer  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Lisa W. Wardell, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of DeVry Education Group Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report and based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over
financial reporting. 

November 2, 2016 
     /s/ Lisa W. Wardell  

Lisa W. Wardell  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 v450984_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

The following statement is provided by the undersigned
to accompany the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and shall not be deemed filed or deemed incorporated by reference into any
filing pursuant to any provision of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any other securities law. 

Each of the undersigned certifies that the foregoing
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and that the information contained in this Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of DeVry Education Group Inc. for the periods reflected therein. 

November 2, 2016 
     /s/ Patrick J. Unzicker  

Patrick J. Unzicker  

Senior Vice President, Chief 
Financial Officer and Treasurer   

/s/ Lisa W. Wardell  

Lisa W. Wardell  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 dv-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 dv-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 dv-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 dv-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 dv-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 dv-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

