<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_225211_0001615774-16-008125_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3379834</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83433</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>668920</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>590524</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1212015</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>753474</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008125.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109163119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008125
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			One Horizon Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000225211
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				251229323
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36530
		FILM NUMBER:		161984637

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		T1-017 TIERNEY BUILDING
		STREET 2:		UNIVERSITY OF LIMERICK
		CITY:			LIMERICK
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		353-61-518477

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		T1-017 TIERNEY BUILDING
		STREET 2:		UNIVERSITY OF LIMERICK
		CITY:			LIMERICK
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTELLIGENT COMMUNICATION ENTERPRISE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOBICLEAR INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BICO INC/PA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000724

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008125.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 s104576_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington,
D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly
period ended  September 30, 2016  

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition
period from _____________ to _____________ 

Commission File
Number:  000-10822  

One Horizon
Group, Inc.  

 (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       46-3561419    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or  
 organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

T1-017 Tierney Building, University of   
  Limerick, Limerick, Ireland.   

(Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

+353-61-518477  

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name,
former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes       No      

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes       No      

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

(Do not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes        No      

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  As
of November 7, 2016, 35,809,348   shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.0001
per share, were outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Part I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  
       
      4   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      26   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
       
      32   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      32   

Part II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      33   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
       
      33   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      33   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
      33   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      33   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
       
      33   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
       
      33   

SIGNATURES    
       
      34   

CAUTIONARY NOTE
CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

The statements made in this Report,
and in other materials that the Company has filed or may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in each case that are
not historical facts, contain  forward-looking information  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
both as amended, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   will, 
 anticipates,   expects,   projects,   estimates,   believes,   seeks, 
 could,   should,  or  continue,  the negative thereof, and other variations or comparable
terminology as well as any statements regarding the evaluation of strategic alternatives.  These forward-looking statements
are based on the current plans and expectations of management, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such forward-looking statements.  Among these risks and
uncertainties are the competition we face; our ability to adapt to rapid changes  in the market for voice and messaging
services; our ability to retain customers and attract new customers; our ability to establish and expand strategic alliances; governmental
regulation and related actions and taxes in our international operations; increased market and competitive risks, including currency
restrictions, in our international operations; risks related to the acquisition or integration of future businesses or joint ventures;
our ability to obtain or maintain relevant intellectual property rights; intellectual property and other litigation that may be
brought against us; failure to protect our trademarks and internally developed software; security breaches and other compromises
of information security; our dependence on third party facilities, equipment, systems and services; system disruptions or flaws
in our technology and systems; uncertainties relating to regulation of VoIP services; liability under anti-corruption laws; results
of regulatory inquiries into our business practices; fraudulent use of our name or services; our ability to maintain data security;
our dependence upon key personnel; our dependence on our customers' existing broadband connections; differences between our service
and traditional phone services; our ability to obtain additional financing if required; our early history of net losses and our
ability to maintain consistent profitability in the future. These and other matters the Company discusses in this Report, or in
the documents it incorporates by reference into this Report, may cause actual results to differ from those the Company describes.
The Company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

PART I  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015  

  (in thousands, except share data)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations  

  For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (in thousands, except per share
data)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income  

  For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (in thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  

ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC.  

  Consolidated Statement of Equity  

  For the nine months ended September
30, 2016  

  (in thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements  

ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows  

  For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

  (in thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows (continued)  

  For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

  (in thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

Supplementary Information: 

See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30,
2016  

Note 1.  Description of
Business, Organization and Principles of Consolidation  

Description of Business   

One Horizon Group, Inc., (the  Company 
or  Horizon ) develops proprietary software primarily in the Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) and bandwidth optimization
markets ( Horizon Globex ) and provides it to telecommunication companies under perpetual license arrangements
( Master License ) throughout the world. In addition, the Company either sells related user licenses and software maintenance
services to or enters into revenue sharing agreements with telecommunication companies. Horizon, through its Chinese affiliate
company Suzhou Aishuo Network Information Co. Ltd. provides the Aishuo App to end user customers through App stores based in China.
Our Aishuo customers purchase call credits for Public Service Telephone Network (PSTN) access using a variety of Chinese on-line
payment services including Union Pay and Apple Pay. 

Interim Period Financial Statements   

The accompanying unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the Securities and Exchange Commission instructions.
Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements.  The
results of operations reflect interim adjustments, all of which are of a normal recurring nature and, in the opinion of management,
are necessary for a fair presentation of the results for such interim period.  The results reported in these interim
consolidated financial statements should not be regarded as necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the entire
year.  Certain information and note disclosure normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with
GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and regulations.  These
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements
included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 31, 2016. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The condensed consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of One Horizon Group, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries One Horizon Group plc, Horizon Globex GmbH, Abbey Technology
GmbH, One Horizon Group Pte., Limited, Horizon Globex Ireland Limited, Global Phone Credit Limited and One Horizon Hong Kong Limited,
and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Horizon Network Technology Co. Ltd. ( HNT ). In addition, included in the condensed
consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, are the accounts of Suzhou Aishuo
Network Information Co., Ltd. which is controlled by One Horizon Group, Inc. through various contractual arrangements (Note 3). 

During the year ended December 31,
2015, the minority parties which held ownership interests in HNT returned their shareholdings to HNT such that HNT is now fully
owned by the Company. The amount of consolidated net loss attributable to the Company and the non-controlling interest, up to the
time that the shareholdings were returned, are both presented in the face of the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

All significant intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated. 

Note 2.  Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies  

Basis of Accounting and Presentation   

These consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 

Foreign Currency Translation   

The reporting currency of the Company
is the United States dollar. Assets and liabilities of operations other than those denominated in U.S. dollars, primarily in Switzerland,
Ireland, the United Kingdom and China, are translated into United States dollars at the rate of exchange at the balance sheet date.  Revenues
and expenses are translated at the average rate of exchange throughout the period.  Gains or losses from these translations
are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income (loss) until all or a part of the investment in the subsidiaries
is sold or liquidated.  The translation adjustments do not recognize the effect of income tax because the Company expects
to reinvest the amounts indefinitely in operations. 

Transaction gains and losses that arise
from exchange-rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in general
and administrative expenses. 

Accounts Receivable    

Accounts receivable result primarily from sale of software and
licenses to customers and are recorded at their principal amounts less an estimation of uncollectable amounts. The categories of
sales and receivables and their terms of payment are as follows:  

a)  
       Master License Agreement ( Agreement ) Deposits    Deposits are payable in accordance with the terms of the Agreement. Payment terms may vary from Agreement to Agreement, with payment due between 30 days to 9 months from the execution of an Agreement.   

b)  
       Software consultancy and hardware fees    The terms of payment are fixed terms, with payment due within stated terms, normally 30 days from the date of the invoice.   

c)  
       Maintenance and operational fees and end user licenses fees   Payments vary from customer to customer. For customers who have not entered into a revenue share agreement, the terms of payment are fixed and payment is due within stated terms, normally 30 days from the date of the invoice. For customers who have entered into a revenue share agreement, the Company will receive an agreed proportion of a customer s revenue from the customer's operation of the Horizon service. The proportion of a customer's revenue received is used to pay the receivable balance until the balance is paid.   

The revenue share agreement was introduced in October
2014, and at that time the Company reported that it had converted a significant number of its customers to a revenue share basis
of collection. Accounts receivable balances from certain customers arose from revenue recognized prior to September 30, 2014 (prior
revenue was recognized in accordance with revenue recognition policies in place at that time - see Revenue Recognition note). Those
revenue share arrangements changed the basis under which the customers would pay their existing balances, as described, effective
starting as early as October 1, 2014.   

At December 31, 2015 a significant portion of those
receivables that are due under the revenue share agreement remained uncollected. Considering the effects of the revenue share arrangements
on collection of accounts receivable and the timing of those collections, along with other factors, management estimated the amount
of existing accounts receivable they expect to collect within 12 months of the balance sheet date from those customers operating
under revenue share arrangements. The portion of the receivable balance expected to be collected in more than 12 months was considered
a non-current receivable. The Company maintains its opinion that current and non-current accounts receivable continue to be due
from its customers. Further, management is of the opinion that its customers are contractually obligated to pay the full amount
due as provided under the Master License Agreements executed by each of its customers. 

At December 31, 2015, management believed there was
general uncertainty in the collection of those balances considered long-term and increased the general provision for doubtful accounts
by $5.7 million to cover those balances. The slow-pay uncertainties arise from a number of factors, including the effects of revenue
share arrangements, the extended time customers are talking to generate significant revenue under revenue share arrangements, and
general technological changes in the industry. 

At September 30, 2016, due to continuing uncertainty
in the timing of collections of amounts due from certain customers, management reassessed the collectability of its accounts receivable
balances and has decided to write off balances where there is significant uncertainty over the timing of the collection against
the allowance previously recorded. 

As a result of the management decision the amount
of the gross accounts receivable has been reduced by approximately $6.0 million and the allowance for doubtful accounts has been
similarly reduced. As at September 30, 2016 the remaining allowance for doubtful accounts totals $338,000 of which $300,000 has
been provided in 2016. 

For any future collections of amounts written off,
the Company will account for those as recoveries of written-off receivables, and will include those amounts in other income (non-operating
income). 

Receivables are generally unsecured. Account balances are charged
off against the allowance when the Company determines that certain receivable will probably not be recovered. 

The Company does not have off-balance sheet credit exposure
related to its customers. As of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, two customers accounted for 24% and 28%, respectively,
of the accounts receivable balance. 

Fair Value Measurements   

Fair value is defined as the exchange
price that will be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal.  Valuation
techniques used to measure fair value should maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.  To
measure fair value, the Company uses the following fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two
are considered to be observable and the third unobservable: 

Level 1   Quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2   Inputs other than Level
1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in
markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3   Unobservable inputs
are supported by little or no market activity and are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

Intangible Assets   

Intangible assets include software
development costs and customer lists and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of five years for
customer lists and ten years for software development.  The Company periodically evaluates whether changes have occurred
that would require revision of the remaining estimated useful life.  The Company performs periodic reviews of its capitalized
intangible assets to determine if the assets have continuing value to the Company. 

The Company expenses all costs related
to the development of internal-use software as incurred, other than those incurred during the application development stage, after
achievement of technological feasibility.  Costs incurred in the application development stage are capitalized and amortized
over the estimated useful life of the software.  Internally developed software costs are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the estimated useful life of the software.  The Company performs periodic reviews of its capitalized software
development costs to determine if the assets have continuing value to the Company.  Costs for assets that are determined
to be of no continuing value are written off. The amortization of these costs is included in cost of revenue over the estimated
life of the products. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, software development costs of $833,000 and $844,000, respectively, have been capitalized. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company recognizes revenue when
it is realized or realizable and earned.  The Company establishes persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement for each
type of revenue transaction based on a signed contract with a customer and that a delivery has occurred or services have been rendered,
the price is fixed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Software and licenses   revenue from sales of perpetual licenses to telecom entities is recognized at the date of invoices raised for installments due under the agreement, unless payment terms exceed one year, as described below, presuming all other relevant revenue recognition criteria are met. Revenue from sales of perpetual licenses to other entities is recognized over the agreed collection period.   

o  
         
      Revenues for user licenses purchased by customers are recognized when the user license is delivered.   

Revenues for maintenance services are recognized over the period of delivery of the services.   

Effective October 1, 2014, the Company amended certain existing customer contracts with respect to the terms under which those customers would pay the Company for perpetual licenses, user licenses and maintenance services provided by the Company. Existing customer contracts required payments for maintenance services to be made based on contractually specified fixed amounts, which were billed regularly through September 2014. Through that date the Company recorded revenue for licenses and maintenance services when those licenses and services were billed. Revenue for user licenses was recorded as earned and revenue for maintenance services was recorded based on a fixed annual fee, billed quarterly. The Company has modified the payment terms under certain of those existing customer contracts by entering into Revenue Sharing agreements with those customers. Under the terms of these Revenue Sharing agreements, future payments will be due from the customer when that customer has generated revenue from its customers who subscribe to use the Horizon products and services. Hosted services are offered to customers on revenue share arrangements whereby the Company can provide fully terminated services and sells vouchers for minutes which can be resold by the customer. Sales for this service are recognized when the supply is made and the invoice raised.   

Effective October 1, 2014, revenue has been recorded by the Company when it invoices the customer for the revenue share due to the Company. Certain customers who entered into revenue sharing arrangements had outstanding balances due to the Company as of September 30, 2014, which balances were included in accounts receivable as at that date. Payments received after September 30, 2014, from those customers under revenue sharing agreements have been applied to the customer s existing accounts receivable balances first. For those customers having balances due at September 30, 2014, revenue related to perpetual and user licenses and maintenance services are recorded only after existing accounts receivable balances are fully collected.   

Revenues from Aishuo retail sales are recognized when the PSTN calls and texts are made.   

Where the Company has entered into a Revenue Share with the
customer, then all future revenue from granting of user licenses and for maintenance services will be recognized when the Company
has delivered user licenses and is entitled to invoice. 

We enter into arrangements with telecommunication
entities in which a customer purchases a combination of software licenses, maintenance services and post-contract customer support
( PCS ). As a result, judgment is sometimes required to determine the appropriate accounting, including how the price
should be allocated among multiple deliverable elements. PCS may include rights to upgrades, when and if available, support, updates
and enhancements. When vendor specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of fair value exists for all elements in a multiple
element arrangement, revenue is allocated to each element based on the relative fair value of each of the elements. VSOE of fair
value is established by the price charged when the same element is sold separately. Accordingly, the judgments involved in assessing
the fair values of various elements of an agreement can impact the recognition of revenue in each period. Changes in the allocation
of the sales price between deliverables might impact the timing of revenue recognition, but would not change the total revenue
recognized on the contract. When elements such as software and services are contained in a single arrangement, or in related arrangements
with the same customer, we allocate revenue to each element based on its relative fair value, provided that such element meets
the criteria for treatment as a separate unit of accounting. In the absence of fair value for a delivered element, revenue is first
allocated to the fair value of the undelivered elements and then allocated to the residual delivered elements. In the absence of
fair value for an undelivered element, the arrangement is accounted for as a single unit of accounting, resulting in a delay of
revenue recognition for the delivered elements until the undelivered elements are fulfilled. No sales arrangements to date include
undelivered elements for which VSOE does not exist. 

For purposes of revenue recognition for perpetual licenses,
the Company considers payment terms exceeding one year as a presumption that the fee in the transaction is not fixed and determinable.
This presumption however, may be overcome if persuasive evidence demonstrates that the Company has a business practice of extending
payment terms and has been successful in collecting under the original terms, without providing any concessions. In doing so, the
Company considers if the arrangement is sufficiently similar to historical arrangements in terms of similar customers and products
is assessing whether there is evidence of a history of successful collection. 

In order to determine the company s historical experience
is based on sufficiently similar arrangements, the Company considers the various factors including the types of customers and products,
product life cycle, elements Included in the arrangement, length of payment terms and economics of license arrangement. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, $100,000 or
34.8% of the Company s revenue was concentrated in the hands of one major customer. In the three months ended September 30,
2015 the equivalent amount was $272,000 or 85% of the revenue. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, $795,000 or 81%
of the Company s revenue was concentrated in the hands of one major customer. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
$500,000 or 42% of the Company s revenue was concentrated in the hands of one major customer 

Research and Development Expenses   

Research and development expenses include
all direct costs, primarily salaries for Company personnel and outside consultants, costs related to the development of new products,
significant enhancements to existing products, and the portion of costs of development of internal-use software required to be
expensed.  Research and development costs are charged to operations as incurred with the exception of those software
development costs that may qualify for capitalization. The Company expensed research and development costs in the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $565,000 and $466,000 respectively. 

Debt Issue Costs   

Debt issue costs related to long-term
debt are deducted from the carrying amount of that debt liability on the balance sheet and amortized over the term of the related
debt using the effective interest method. 

Income Taxes   

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on temporary differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, operating loss,
and tax credit carryforwards, and are measured using the enacted income tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences
are expected to be recovered or settled.  Realization of certain deferred income tax assets is dependent upon generating
sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction.  The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred
income tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not to be realized.  The initial recording and any subsequent
changes to valuation allowances are based on a number of factors (positive and negative evidence).  The Company considers
its actual historical results to have a stronger weight than other, more subjective, indicators when considering whether to establish
or reduce a valuation allowance. 

The Company continually evaluates its
uncertain income tax positions and may record a liability for any unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain income tax
positions taken or expected to be taken in an income tax return.  Estimated interest and penalties are recorded as a
component of interest expense and other expense, respectively. 

Because tax laws are complex and subject
to different interpretations, significant judgment is required.  As a result, the Company makes certain estimates and
assumptions in: (1) calculating its income tax expense, deferred tax assets, and deferred tax liabilities; (2) determining any
valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets; and (3) evaluating the amount of unrecognized tax benefits, as well as
the interest and penalties related to such uncertain tax positions.  The Company s estimates and assumptions may
differ significantly from tax benefits ultimately realized. 

Net Loss per Share   

Basic net loss per share is calculated
by dividing the net loss attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the
period.  Diluted loss per share takes into consideration common shares outstanding (computed under basic loss per share)
and potentially dilutive securities.  For the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, outstanding
stock options, warrants and convertible debt are antidilutive because of net losses, and as such, their effect has not been included
in the calculation of diluted net loss per share.  Common shares issuable are considered outstanding as of the original
approval date for purposes of earnings per share computations. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income (Loss)   

Other comprehensive income (loss),
as defined, includes net loss, foreign currency translation adjustments, and all changes in equity (net assets) during a period
from non-owner sources.  To date, the Company has not had any significant transactions that are required to be reported
in other comprehensive income (loss), except for foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the fiscal year.  The Company makes estimates for, among other items,
useful lives for depreciation and amortization, determination of future cash flows associated with impairment testing for long-lived
assets, determination of the fair value of stock options and warrants, determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in business combinations, valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, allowances for doubtful accounts, and potential
income tax assessments and other contingencies.  The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, current conditions,
and other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances.  Actual results could differ from those
estimates and assumptions. 

Share-Based Compensation   

The Company accounts for stock-based
awards at fair value on date of grant and recognition of compensation over the service period for awards expected to vest.  The
fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model, which includes subjective judgments about the
expected life of the awards, forfeiture rates and stock price volatility. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards
Not Yet Adopted   

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2014-09   Revenue From Contracts
with Customers, which will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principal of this
ASU is that an entity should recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU also requires additional
disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including
significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. 

The original effective date for ASU
2014-09 would have required the Company to adopt beginning in its first quarter 2017. In July 2015, the FASB voted to amend ASU
2014-09 by approving a one year deferral of the effective date as well as providing the option to early adopt the standard on the
original effective date. Accordingly, the Company may adopt the standard in either its first quarter of 2017 or 2018. The new revenue
standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized
as of the date of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the timing of its adoption and the impact of adopting the new revenue
standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards Adopted   

There have been no significant changes
to the Company s significant accounting policies as described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended
December 31, 2015. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost  which requires entities to present debt issuance costs related
to a debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability on the balance sheet as opposed to being
presented as a deferred charge. As of September 30, 2016, unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Company s convertible
senior notes are reported on the consolidated balance sheets as a reduction of the carrying value of the related debt. Prior to
adoption, the Company reported the unamortized debt issuance costs in  Other Assets  on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Note 3. Suzhou Aishuo Network Information Co. Ltd.  

The Company has control of a Chinese entity Suzhou Aishuo Network
Information Co. Ltd.( Aishuo ) through various contractual arrangements. As a result of this control, one hundred percent
of the operations, assets, liabilities and cash flows of Aishuo have been consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. 

Summarized assets, liabilities and results of operations of
Aishuo are as follows:  (in thousands)  

Note 4.  Intangible Assets  

Intangible assets consist primarily
of software development costs and customer and reseller relationships which are amortized over the estimated useful life, generally
on a straight-line basis with the exception of customer relationships, which are generally amortized over the greater of straight-line
or the related asset s pattern of economic benefit  (in thousands):  

Amortization of intangible assets for
each of the next five years is estimated to be approximately $2,000,000 per year 

Note 5.  Convertible Debenture  

In December 22, 2014 the Company closed a private placement
with gross proceeds of $3,500,000 under Regulation S whereby we issued to an investor a convertible debenture that is convertible
into 1,555,556 shares of common stock, Class C warrant to purchase 388,889 shares of common stock, Class D warrant to purchase
388,889 shares of common stock and the potential for performance warrants. 

The unsecured convertible debenture is for a term of three years
from date of issue and has an interest rate of 8% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears in either cash, shares of common stock
or a combination of cash and shares of common stock. The Company has the right to repurchase the convertible debenture upon notice
at any time after the first twelve months. 

The Class C and Class D warrants have a term of four years and
are each entitled to purchase one-fourth of a share of common stock. In total the Company issued 388,889 Class C warrants and 388,889
Class D warrants. 

Performance Warrants associated with the convertible debenture
were potentially issuable and exercisable based on the Company s annual reported subscriber numbers, twenty-four (24) months
after December 22, 2014, as reflected in our 2014 Form 10-K. In the first quarter of 2016 the Company announced it has achieved
the required number subscriber downloads and therefore the additional performance warrants are not issuable by the Company. 

Proceeds received in 2014 from the convertible debentures were
allocated between the convertible debenture and warrants based on their relative fair values. The resulting discount for the warrants
is amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the debentures. The relative fair value of Class C and Class
D warrants resulted in a discount of $598,500 at the date of issuance. After allocating a portion of the proceeds to the warrants,
the effective conversion price of the convertible debentures was determined to result in a beneficial conversion feature. The beneficial
conversion feature has a relative fair value of $302,994 at the date of issuance and is being amortized over the life of the convertible
debenture. The beneficial conversion feature discount is amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the debentures.
The amortization of the debt discount is included in interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 

A total of 1,555,556 shares of common stock have been reserved
for the potential conversion of the convertible debenture. 

Note 6.  Related-Party
Transactions  

Amounts due to related parties include
the following:  (in thousands)  

At September 30, 2016, $2,343,000 of
related party debt was outstanding and will mature on April 1, 2018, which is unsecured and is interest free. 

Note 7.  Share Capital  

Preferred Stock   

The Company s authorized capital
includes 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock of $0.0001 par value per share.  The designation of rights including voting
powers, preferences, and restrictions shall be determined by the Board of Directors before the issuance of any shares. 

The holders of Series A Preferred Stock
are entitled to receive cumulative dividends during a period of twenty-four (24) months from and after the Issuance Date (the  Dividend
Period ). The dividend period finished on July 21, 2016. During the Dividend Period for each outstanding share of Series
Preferred Stock, dividends shall be payable quarterly in cash, at the rate of 10% per annum on or before each ninety (90) day period
following the Issuance Date (each a  Dividend Payment Date ), with the first Dividend Payment Date to occur promptly
following the three month period following the Issuance Date, and continuing until the end of the Dividend Period. Following the
expiration of the Dividend Period, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any additional dividend payment
or coupon rate. 

Shares of Series A Preferred Stock
are convertible in whole or in part, at the option of the holders, into shares of common stock at $5.85 per share prior to the
Maturity, and all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically convert to shares of common stock upon maturity,
provided however, at no time may holders convert shares of Series A Preferred Stock if the number of shares of common stock to
be issued pursuant to such conversion would cause the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by such holder and its
affiliates to exceed 9.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock outstanding at such time, unless the holder
provides us with a waiver notice in such form and with such content specified in the Series A Certificate of Designation. 

Shares of Series A Preferred Stock
are redeemable, at the option of the holders commencing any time after 12 months from and after the closing at a price equal to
the original purchase price plus all accrued but unpaid dividends. In the event that the Company completes a financing of $10 million
or greater prior to maturity, the Series A Preferred Stock will be redeemed at a price equal to the original purchase price plus
all accrued but unpaid dividends. 

170,940 shares of Series A preferred
stock are issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred
Shares (Deferred Stock)   

The Company s subsidiary OHG
is authorized to issue 50,000 shares of deferred stock, par value of  1. These shares are non-voting, non-participating, redeemable
and have been presented as a long-term liability. 

Common Stock   

The Company is authorized to issue
200 million shares of common stock, par value of $0.0001 per share. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock for services provided with a fair value of $133,960. The Company also
issued a further 198,413 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $125,000. 

On August 10, 2015, in connection with
an Underwriting Agreement dated August 4, 2015 (the  Underwriting Agreement ) with Aegis Capital Corp. ( Aegis ),
as representative of the several underwriters named therein (the  Underwriters ), the Company closed a firm commitment
underwritten public offering of 1,714,286 shares of Common Stock, and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 857,143 shares
of Common Stock at a combined offering price of $1.75 per share and accompanying warrant. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement,
the Underwriters exercised an option to purchase 151,928 additional shares of Common Stock and 75,964 additional warrants. The
net proceeds of the offering were approximately $2.89 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated
offering expenses payable by us. 

The warrants offered have a per share
exercise price of $2.50 (subject to adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications or similar events affecting our Common Stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock
or other property to our stockholder), are exercisable immediately and will expire three years from the date of issuance. Subject
to applicable laws, the warrants may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

Stock Purchase Warrants   

At September 30, 2016, the Company
had reserved 3,282,556 shares of its common stock for the following outstanding warrants: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 160,000 warrants
were forfeited, 148,810 warrants issued and none exercised. 

If, at the time of exercise of warrants issued pursuant to the
financing of August 2015, wherein a total of 933,107 warrants were issued, that the shares issued upon exercise are not able to
be included in a registration statement then the holder may request that the warrants so exercised be done on a cashless basis. 

Note 8.  Stock-Based Compensation  

The shareholders approved a stock option
plan on August 6, 2013 (the  2013 Equity Incentive Plan ). This stock option plan is for the issuance of stock options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalents, cash bonuses and
other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants of the Company. 

There are 3,000,000 shares of common
stock available for granting awards under the plan. Each year, commencing 2014 until 2016, the number of shares of common stock
available for granting awards shall be increased by the lesser of 1,000,000 shares of common stock and 5% of the total number of
shares of common stock outstanding. On January 1, 2014, 2015 and 2016 the number of shares available for granting awards under
the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan was increased by 1,000,000 shares. 

There have been no options issued in
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 

A summary of the Company s 2013
Equity Incentive Plan as of September 30, 2016, is as follows: 

As at September 30, 2016 there was
unrecognized compensation expense of approximately $211,000 to be recognized over the remaining vesting periods. 

Prior to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, the Company issued
stock options to directors, employees, advisors, and consultants. 

A summary of the Company s other stock options as of September
30, 2016, is as follows: 

As at September 30, 2016 there was unrecognized compensation
expense of approximately $95,000 to be recognized over the remaining vesting period. 

There were no other options issued, exercised or forfeited during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The following table summarizes stock
options outstanding at September 30, 2016: 

At September 30, 2016, 6,875,700 shares
of common stock were reserved for all outstanding options and future commitments under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 

The fair value of each option granted
is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 

Note 9.  Commitments and
Contingencies  

Notice of Delisting or Failure
to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule   

On August 30, 2016, the Company received
a written alert from Nasdaq Listing Qualifications that our listed security has not regained compliance with the minimum $1 bid
price per share requirement, within the 180 calendar days. However, the Staff has determined that the Company is eligible for an
additional 180 calendar day period, pursuant to Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(a). If at any time during this 180 days period the closing
bid price of our common stock is at least $1 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, we will regain compliance. In order
to regain compliance, we may have to affect a reverse stock-split. If we are required to affect a reverse stock-split, it would
have to be completed at least 10 days prior to the expiration of the date by which we must regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2). 

Legal Proceedings   

In 2012, we sold certain former subsidiaries engaged in provision
of satellite service in 2012 to Broadband Satellite Services ( BSS ), a company incorporated under laws of England
and Wales. Horizon Globex, a company incorporated in Switzerland and a subsidiary of us, had provided these subsidiary companies
with software and IT services. In connection with its acquisition of our former subsidiary companies, BSS entered into three agreements
with Horizon Globex pursuant to which BSS continued to use Horizon Globex to supply software and IT services. Notwithstanding the
fact that Horizon Globex has provided such ongoing software and IT services, BSS has failed to pay our fees pursuant to the agreements.
As a result, on December 23, 2014, we initiated legal proceedings in the High Court, Queens Bench Division, Commercial Court No.
2014 folio 1560 against BSS in the United Kingdom to collect such fees in the amount of $640,000. Subsequently, BSS asserted counter
claims in the amount of $5.8 million, alleging among other claims, civil fraud in connection with the sale of subsidiary companies.
Based on the timing of these claims, which were never raised until we filed our action against BSS, it is our position that these
claims are specious and represent nothing more than an attempt to improve BSS's negotiating position with regard to our legitimate
claims against it. As a result, we plan to continue to carry out our claims against BSS to the fullest extent possible and to defend
BSS's counter-claims vigorously. We note further that several of BSS's counter claims may be time barred by applicable sections
of the contracts and plan to assert the same as an affirmative defense to such counter claim. Notwithstanding our views with regard
to our claims against BSS and BSS's counterclaims, litigation is by its nature unpredictable and therefore we cannot guarantee
with certainty the outcome of our dispute with BSS. 

Note 10. Segment Information  

The Company has two business segments, both of which involve
the development and licensing of software for mobile VoIP. One for business to business line and one for business to consumer line,
primarily represented by Aishuo. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 activity in the business to consumer
line is not material for separate segment presentation. 

The Company s revenues were generated in the following
geographic areas:  (in thousands)  

Note 11. Subsequent events  

On October 20, 2016 the Company issued 320,512 shares of common
stock for $0.39 per share for total proceeds of $125,000 in a registered direct offering. In this offering the Company also issued
a warrant to purchase 240,385 shares of common stock exercisable within 3 years from issue with an exercise price of $0.5616 per
share. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion provides
information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial
condition. The discussion should be read along with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report, and our annual report on Form
10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, including the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results
may differ significantly from the results, expectations and plans discussed in these forward-looking statements. See  Cautionary
Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements.   

Overview  

Business  

 One Horizon Group, Inc. and its Subsidiaries (the  Company )
is the inventor of the patented SmartPacketTM Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) platform. Our software is designed
to capitalize on numerous industry trends, including the rapid adoption of smartphones, the adoption of cloud based Internet services,
the migration towards all IP voice networks and the expansion of enterprise bring-your-own- device to work programs. 

The Company designs, develops and sells white label SmartPacket TM
 VoIP software and services to large Tier-1 telecommunications operators. Our licensees market and deliver an operator-branded
mobile Internet communication solution to smartphones including VoIP, multi-media messaging, video, conference calling, and mobile
advertising to their retail subscribers; and to their  Business to Business  ( B2B ) business subscribers. 

The  SmartPacket TM   platform, significantly
improves the efficiency by which voice signals are transmitted from smartphones over the Internet resulting in a 10X reduction
in mobile bandwidth consumption and battery usage required to transmit a smartphone VoIP call. This is of commercial interest to
operators that wish to have a high quality VoIP call on congested metropolitan 4G networks and on legacy 2G and 3G cellular networks
and our optimizations benefits operators by reducing their payments by over 10x to overseas operators when their subscribers make
VoIP calls whilst roaming. The following diagram (source GSMA Intelligence, GSMA Mobile Economy 2016) shows the global penetration
of mobile broadband and with the Company s patented technology being one of the leading mobile VoIP solution for all mobile
network types management believes that this represents a very large opportunity for future growth in sales. 

By leveraging its SmartPacket TM  solution, the Company
is also a VoIP as a Service ( VaaS ) cloud communications leader for hosted smartphone VoIP that run globally on the
Microsoft Azure cloud. The Company sells its software, branding, hosting and operator services to smaller telecommunications operators,
enterprises, operators in fixed line telephony, cable TV operators and to the satellite communications sector; and the   VaaS  
business. Our existing licensees come from around the world including USA, China, United Kingdom, Singapore, Canada and Hong Kong. 

Based on the SmartPacket TM  solution, the Company
is the sole owner and operator its own branded retail smartphone VoIP, messaging and advertising service in the People s
Republic of China called Aishuo TM ; Since its inception in the second quarter of 2015 Aishuo has been downloaded over
40 million times and has increased its revenues for the first 5 quarters of operations. Aishuo offers subscribers very competitive
telephone call rates and a travel-SIM rental service plus lots of innovative smartphone social media features. Aishuo has been
made available to users across 25 Chinese Android app stores and through iTunes. Aishuo subscribers pay for VoIP or can have a
free VoIP call sponsored by advertisers. Aishuo supports top-up payment services inside the smartphone app including China UnionPay,
Apple In-App Purchases, Alibaba s Alipay and Tencent s Wechat Wallet. 

Our business model is focused on winning new  B2B  Tier-1
telecommunications operators, winning new  VaaS  subscribers and driving  Aishuo  retail revenues. We are also commercially
focused on expanding sales of new and existing licensed products and services to existing customers, and renewing subscriptions
and software support agreements. We target customers of all sizes and across a broad range of industries. 

We are an ISO 9001 and ISO 20000-1 certified company with assets
and operations in Switzerland, Ireland, the United Kingdom, China, India, Russia, Singapore, Hong Kong and Latin America. 

In February 2015, we announced the rollout of our platform in
China, brand named, Aishuo. The Aishuo platform provides VoIP services, a travel SIM solution delivered through a People s
Republic of China ( PRC ) entity controlled by us via various contractual arrangements, Suzhou Aishuo. The Aishuo product
has been delivered to the major stores in Chinese App marketplace including Baidu s 91.com and Baidu.com, the Tencent App
store MyApp.com, 360 Qihoo store 360.cn, Apple s iTunes and the ever growing Xiaomi store mi.com. The Aishuo smartphone app
is expected to drive multiple revenue streams from the supply of its value-added services including the rental of Chinese telephone
phone numbers linked to the app, low cost local and international calling plans and sponsorship from advertisers. Subscribers can
top up their app credit from the biggest online payment services in China including AliPay (from Alibaba), Union Pay, PayPal and
Tencent s WeChat payment service. 

Aishuo sought to acquire 15 million new app subscribers for
the smartphone app over a two-year period and expects to achieve industry average revenues per user (ARPU) for similar social media
apps. By the end of September 30, 2016, we had exceeded our two year target of 15 million and in September 2016 had grown to 40
million downloads of Aishuo smartphone app. 

In addition to the developments in the rollout of Aishuo smartphone
app brand in mainland China, we delivered a data roaming VoIP solution with, Smart Communications, the Philippines' leading wireless
service provider with an estimated 55 million prepaid subscribers. For the first time ever, prepaid subscribers that travel abroad
are now able to call home on their operators' data roaming service free from roaming fees ( http://smart.com.ph/smartroamer ).
The management expect this commercial rollout of an optimized data voice solution for roamers to drive further mobile operator
interest in the Company s products and to drive revenues from its rollout to Filipinos throughout 2016. 

During this quarter we opened the market in Africa with the
signing of a contract for our SmartPacket TM  solution with one of Zimabawe s leading mobile operators. 

Research   Development  

During the nine months to September 30, 2016, we spent approximately
$833,000 on capitalizable research and development together with approximately $565,000 on expensed research and development. 

During the nine months to September 30, 2016, we continued with
our drive for innovation and our research and development teams brought us software that allows our customer to offer call and
messaging Bundles. This is a common feature for SIM cards and popular with mobile subscribers whereby the user pre purchases bulk
minutes at a lower per minute rate that when they pay for a call minute by minute. The Company now offers such innovations to its
subscribers right inside the operators  smartphone app supplied to Company thereby driving up the operator s revenue
per user. 

During the nine months to September 30, 2016, we also continued
our R D Effort that allows our service to directly connect to an operators Unstructured Supplementary Service Data (USSD) service
thereby allowing all mobile prepaid subscribers to add credit to their mobile account in a traditional way and then allowing this
USSD top up to be applied to a mobile VoIP smartphone app, an industry first. 

The R D team also delivered a cyber-secure VoIP service
that leverages the low bandwidth benefits of Company s patented technology to allow VoIP over the strongest security protocols
on the Internet. By leveraging the power of Virtual Private Networks (VPN) native client on the smartphone the Company s
VoIP protocols work where other traditional VoIP solutions cannot due to call quality issues with high data consumption protocols.
Customer trials commenced and management expect this platform to drive a new revenue stream for Cyber Secure VoIP. 

During the three months to September 30, 2016, our R D delivered
a Shrink-wrapped version of our optimized VoIP service targeting Government, Banks and other Small to Medium Enterprise that require
complete control of a cryptographically secure VoIP solution for their employees. 

R D also delivered a standalone Lawful Intercept module
for operators that are legally required to have call recording features. This service is capable of recording calls from VoIP application
on the handset to another handset or to the traditional telephone network. Such features are required by regulators in certain
jurisdictions around the world. 

R D also delivered a complete
mobile app telephone conferencing service where a user of our VoIP service can bring in other parties to an on-going call, an ad-hoc
conference. This feature is targeting the B2B user that may need multi-party calls on lower quality or congested mobile data networks. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison of three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The following table sets forth key
components of our results of operations for the periods indicated. 

(All amounts, other
than percentages, in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

Revenue:   Our revenue
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $287,000 as compared to approximately $319,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of approximately $32,000, or 10.0%. The decrease was primarily due to a small reduction
in the B2B business income. The management believes further growth in revenue and particularly with the launch of  Roam Like
Home  software for Telecommunication companies will occur. 

Cost of Revenue:   Cost of revenue excluding
amortization of software development costs, was approximately $12,000 or 4.2% of sales for the three months ended September 30,
2016, compared to cost of revenue of $0 or 0% of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our cost of sales excluding
amortization of software development costs, is composed of the cost of ancillary hardware equipment sold and costs of PSTN calls
breakout and other network charges.   The small increase in cost during the three months ended September 30,
2016, when compared to the same period in 2015 is due to the increase in the number PSTN calls made on the Aishuo and Horizon Globex
networks. 

Gross Profit :  Gross profit
(excluding the Amortization of software development costs) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $275,000
as compared to $319,000   for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of approximately 13.8%. The small
decrease was mainly due to the increased revenue and related costs resulting from PSTN calls broken out through the network. Moving
forward, management expects that gross margin will begin to increase with the growth of our business in both
B2B and B2C sectors of the Company. 

Operating Expenses:   Operating
expenses, including general and administrative expenses, depreciation and research and development were approximately $1,087,000
and $1,342,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The decrease of $255,000 or
19.0% was primarily due to additional research and development costs expensed offset by reduction in General and Administrative
expenses in the quarter. 

Loss before taxes:   
Loss before taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $1,503,000 as compared to net loss of approximately
$1,617,000 for the same period in 2015. The decrease in loss was primarily due to reduction in operating expenses mentioned above.
Management believes the net loss will decrease and eventually become net income going forward with our growth in the business in
Asia and also elsewhere in the world. 

Comparison of nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The following table sets forth key
components of our results of operations for the periods indicated above. 

(All amounts, other
than percentages, in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

Revenue:   Our revenue
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $1,262,000 as compared to approximately $1,172,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of approximately $90,000, or 7.7%. The increase was primarily due to the increase
in B2B and B2C revenue in China together with the additional software revenue achieved in the rest of Asia. The management expects
further growth in both sectors of revenue and particularly the B2B sector with the launch of  Roam Like Home  software
for Telecommunication companies 

Cost of Revenue:   Cost
of revenue excluding amortization of software development costs, was approximately $87,000 or 6.9% of sales for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to cost of revenue of $108,000 or 9.2% of sales for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. Our cost of sales excluding amortization of software development costs, is composed of cost of ancillary hardware equipment
sold and costs of PSTN calls breakout and other network charges.   The decrease in cost during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, when compared to the same period in 2015 is due sales in 2015 of hardware which has not occurred in the
same period in 2016 and the cost of the hardware associated with those sales.   

Gross Profit :  Gross profit
(excluding the Amortization of software development costs) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $1,175,000
as compared to $1,064,000   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of approximately $111,000 or 10.4%.
The increase was mainly due to the increased revenue as set forth above herein. Moving forward, management expects that gross margin
will begin to increase with the growth of our business in both sectors of the Company. 

Operating Expenses:   Operating
expenses, including general and administrative expenses, depreciation and research and development were approximately $3.3
million and $3.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase of approximately
$0.1 million or 3.1% was primarily due to additional research and development costs expensed and other non cash items expensed
in General and administrative costs.  

Loss before taxes:   
Loss before taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $4.20 million as compared to loss of approximately
$4.18 million for the same period in 2015. The small increase in loss was primarily due to the increase in operating expenditure
less the increase in revenue mentioned above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

At September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately
$304,000. The Company received $125,000 in October from a fund raise disclosed in note 11 to the financial statements above. Based
on our current operational plan and budget, we expect that it has sufficient cash to manage its business into approximately the
first quarter of 2018, although this estimation assumes we receive customer receipts in a timely manner. This estimation assumes
we don t face unexpected events, costs or contingencies, any of which could affect our cash requirements. 

The Company has a registration statement in place allowing the
company to issue up to approximately $15 million worth of securities in a 12 month period. Whilst the Company does not anticipate
needing to draw more than $1 million during the next 12 months, it will do so if management considers the price is acceptable.
Available resources may be consumed more rapidly than anticipated, potentially resulting in the need for additional funding. Additional
funding from any source (including equity and debt financings) may be unavailable on favorable terms, if at all. 

Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015   

The following table sets forth a summary
of our approximate cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Net cash flows from operating activities
was approximately $(1,093,000) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net cash flows from operating activities
of approximately $(1,730,000) for the same period in 2015. The decrease in cash used in operations was primarily due to the increase
in cash generated from revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Net cash flows from investing activities
was approximately $(341,000) and $(813,000) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net cash used
in investing activities was primarily focused on development of software. 

Net cash flows from financing activities
was $58,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net cash provided in financing activities of $1,949,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cash provided in financing activities in 2016 and 2015 was primarily due to funds
raising undertaken in the periods.   

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

(a)  Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange
Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer
and chief financial officer (our  Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers
concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and
procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and
procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control
deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals
under all potential future conditions. 

(b)  Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during
the fiscal quarter covered by this report that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting except that, as one of our continuous methods to remediate the material weakness identified   in
connection with the evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2015, we have engaged an external US GAAP
consultant to advise the Company. 

PART II  
OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We are not a party to any material
legal proceedings and no material legal proceedings have been threatened by us or, to the best of our knowledge, against us except
the following: 

In 2012, we sold certain former subsidiaries engaged in provision
of satellite service in 2012 to Broadband Satellite Services ( BSS ), a company incorporated under laws of England
and Wales. Horizon Globex, a company incorporated in Switzerland and a subsidiary of us, had provided these subsidiary companies
with software and IT services. In connection with its acquisition of our former subsidiary companies, BSS entered into three agreements
with Horizon Globex pursuant to which BSS continued to use Horizon Globex to supply software and IT services. Notwithstanding the
fact that Horizon Globex has provided such ongoing software and IT services, BSS has failed to pay our fees pursuant to the agreements.
As a result, on December 23, 2014, we initiated legal proceedings in the High Court, Queens Bench Division, Commercial Court No.
2014 folio 1560 against BSS in the United Kingdom to collect such fees in the amount of $640,000. Subsequently, BSS asserted counter
claims in the amount of $5.8 million, alleging among other claims, civil fraud in connection with the sale of subsidiary companies.
Based on the timing of these claims, which were never raised until we filed our action against BSS, it is our position that these
claims are specious and represent nothing more than an attempt to improve BSS's negotiating position with regard to our legitimate
claims against it. As a result, we plan to continue to carry out our claims against BSS to the fullest extent possible and to defend
BSS's counter-claims vigorously. We note further that several of BSS's counter claims may be time barred by applicable sections
of the contracts and plan to assert the same as an affirmative defense to such counter claim. Notwithstanding our views with regard
to our claims against BSS and BSS's counterclaims, litigation is by its nature unpredictable and therefore we cannot guarantee
with certainty the outcome of our dispute with BSS. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

None 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None  

ITEM 6.        EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits are filed herewith: 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC.   

Date: November 9 th , 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Brian Collins  

Brian Collins  

President , Chief Executive Officer,  

Chief Technology Officer and Director  

By:  
      /s/ Martin Ward  

Martin Ward  

Chief Financial Officer, Principal  

Finance and Accounting Officer and Director  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104576_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Brian Collins, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of One
Horizon Group, Inc.: 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)      Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)      Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)      Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)      Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)      All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)      Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
     /s/ Brian Collins 

Brian Collins  

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Director  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104576_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Martin Ward, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of One
Horizon Group, Inc.: 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)      Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)      Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)      Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)      Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)      All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)      Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
     /s/ Martin Ward 

Martin Ward  

Chief Financial Officer, Principal 
         Finance and Accounting Officer and Director   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104576_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of One Horizon Group,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended  September 30, 2016  (the  Report ),
I, Brian Collins, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.      The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.      The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
     /s/ Brian Collins 

Brian Collins  

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer
        and Director 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104576_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of One Horizon Group,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended  September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), I,
Martin Ward, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.      The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.      The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
     /s/ Martin Ward 

Martin Ward  

Chief Financial Officer, Principal 
         Finance and Accounting Officer and Director   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 ohgi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ohgi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ohgi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ohgi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ohgi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ohgi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

