<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-K_edgar_data_1142790_0001493152-16-014031_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5896462</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>283668</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>377608</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1264868</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2269278</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1579172</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>102</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014031.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161014095050
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001142790
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				651102237
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53723
		FILM NUMBER:		161936134

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39 OLD RIDGEBURY ROAD
		CITY:			DANBURY
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06180
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-796-9926

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39 OLD RIDGEBURY ROAD
		CITY:			DANBURY
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06180

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Immunovative, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Novo Energies Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090626

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ATLANTIC WINE AGENCIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040622

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014031.txt : 20161014

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016   

OR   

[  ]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from _________ to _________.   

Commission
File Number: 000-53723   

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Florida   
         
       30-0791746    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
         
      (IRS
    Employee   
 
      incorporation
    or organization)  
         
      Identification
    No.)   

39
    Old Ridgebury Road   

Danbury,
    CT   
         
       06180    
 
      (Address
    of principal executive offices)  
         
      (Zip
    Code)   

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:  (917) 796-9926   

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:  

   None   

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:  

   Common
Stock, $0.00001 Par Value   

  (Title
of class)  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [  ]
Yes [X] No  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. [  ]
Yes [X] No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [  ] Yes [X] No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [  ]
Yes [X] No  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company filer. See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    Accelerated Filer [  ]  
      Accelerated
    Filer [  ]  
      Non-Accelerated
    Filer [  ]  
      Smaller
    Reporting Company [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [  ] Yes [X]
No  

On
September 30, 2015, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, the aggregate market
value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $4,357,766 based upon the closing price on that date of
the Common Stock of the registrant on the OTC Bulletin Board system of $0.0046. For purposes of this response, the registrant
has assumed that its directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of 5% or more of its Common Stock are deemed affiliates
of the registrant.  

As
of as of October 6, 2016, the registrant had 1,362,395,933 shares of its Common Stock, $0.00001 par value, outstanding.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

Page    

PART I.    

Item
    1.  
       Business   
         
      4   
 
      Item
    1.A.  
       Risk Factors   
         
      9   
 
      Item
    1.B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
         
      17   
 
      Item
    2.  
       Properties   
         
      17   
 
      Item
    3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
         
      17   
 
      Item
    4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
         
      18   

PART II.    

Item
    5.  
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
         
      19   
 
      Item
    6.  
       Selected Financial Data   
         
      20   
 
      Item
    7.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation   
         
      21   
 
      Item
    7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
         
      31   
 
      Item
    8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
         
      31   
 
      Item
    9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
         
      32   
 
      Item
    9A.  
       Controls and Procedures   
         
      32   
 
      Item
    9B.  
       Other Information   
         
      34   

PART III.    

Item
    10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
         
      34   
 
      Item
    11.  
       Executive Compensation   
         
      39   
 
      Item
    12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
         
      40   
 
      Item
    13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
         
      40   
 
      Item
    14.  
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
         
      41   

PART IV.    

Item
    15.  
       Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   
         
      42   

Signatures   
         
      43   

Exhibits  

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS   

This
report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking
statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry,
our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as  anticipate,   expects,   intends,   plans, 
 believes,   seeks  and  estimates  and variations of these words and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject
to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider
all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company s stock. The following discussion and
analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Such discussion represents
only the best present assessment from our Management.  

PART
I   

ITEM
1. BUSINESS   

General
Overview   

We
are a Florida corporation formed on April 8, 2001. We were originally organized to be a blank check company.  

On
June 8, 2009, the Board of Directors approved the change of name to  Novo Energies Corporation . As described in a
report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 26, 2009, a majority of shareholders executed a written consent
in lieu of an Annual Meeting (the  Written Consent ) effecting the change of the name of our business from  Atlantic
Wine Agencies, Inc.  to  Novo Energies Corporation  on June 8, 2009 to better reflect what we then intended
to be our future operations. We filed an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation on June 8, 2009 with the Florida Secretary
of State to affect this name change after receiving the requisite corporate approval.  

On
June 23, 2009, the Board of Directors approved a 3-for-1 forward stock split. Accordingly, all share and per share amounts have
been retroactively adjusted in the accompanying financial statements.  

On
July 30, 2009, Novo Energies Corporation ( Novo ) formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, WTL Renewable Energy, Inc. ( WTL ).
WTL was established as a Canadian Federal Corporation whose business is to initially research available technologies capable of
transforming plastic and tires into useful energy commodities. Simultaneously, WTL also intended to plan, build, own, and operate
renewable energy plants throughout Canada utilizing a third party technology and using plastic and tire waste as feedstock. On
May 8, 2012, the name was changed to Immunovative Canada, Inc.  

On
May 17, 2011, Novo entered into an exclusive memorandum of understanding with Immunovative Clinical Research, Inc. ( ICRI ),
a Nevada corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Immunovative Therapies, Ltd. ( ITL ), an Israeli corporation pursuant
to which the Company and ICRI intended to pursue a merger resulting in Novo owning ICRI.  

In
April 2012, the Board of Directors approved the change of name to  Immunovative, Inc.  As described in a report filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2012, a majority of shareholders executed a written consent in lieu of
an Annual Meeting (the  Written Consent ) effecting the change of the name of our business from  Novo Energies
Corporation  to  Immunovative, Inc.  on April 2, 2012 to better reflect what we then intended to be our future
operations. We filed an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation on April 30, 2012 with the Florida Secretary of State to affect
this name change after receiving the requisite corporate approval.  

On
January 8, 2013, the Company received from ITL, a notice by which ITL purported to terminate the License Agreement dated December
9, 2011 between the Company and ITL (the  ITL Notice ), along with alleged damages. It is the Company s position
that ITL breached the License Agreement by delivering the ITL Notice and, that prior to the ITL Notice, the License Agreement
was in full force and, on January 17, 2013 and that the Company had complied in all material respect with the License Agreement
therefore the Company believes that there are no damages to ITL. As such, on January 17, 2013, the Company filed a lawsuit against
ITL, which included the request for various injunctive relief against ITL for damages stemming from this breach.  

On
February 19, 2013, the Company and ITL entered into a settlement agreement whereby the parties have agreed to the following: (1)
the Company will submit a letter to the Court advising the Court that the parties have reached a settlement and that the Company
is withdrawing its motion, (2) ITL will pay the Company $20,000, (3) ITL will issue to the Company, ITL s share capital
equivalent to 9% of the issued and outstanding shares of ITL, (4) the Company will change its name and (5) the settling parties
agree that the license agreement will be terminated. The Company had valued these shares at $0 since they deemed the investment
to be worthless. During the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company sold the 3,280,000 shares for $125,000 which is recorded in
the consolidated statements of operations.  

On
March 13, 2013, the Board of Directors approved the change of name to  Tauriga Sciences, Inc.  from  Immunovative,
Inc.  We filed an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation on March 13, 2013 with the Florida Secretary of State to affect
this name change after receiving the requisite corporate approval. The Company s symbol change to  TAUG  was
approved by FINRA effective April 9, 2013.  

On
May 31, 2013, the Company signed an exclusive North American license agreement with Green Innovations, Inc. ( Green Innovations )
for the commercialization of Bamboo-Based  100% Tree Free  products including hospital grade biodegradable disinfectant
wipes. This 5-year license agreement functioned such that profits were to be split equally between Tauriga and Green Innovations.
In consideration for such agreement Tauriga agreed to pay Green Innovations $250,000 USD and 4,347,826 shares of TAUG common stock.
Tauriga received 625,000 shares of Green Innovations common stock as well. The agreement was later amended and completed for the
following consideration: Tauriga paid Green Innovations a total of $143,730 USD and an additional 2,500,000 shares of TAUG common
stock (for an aggregate share issuance of 6,847,826 shares). As of March 31, 2016, Tauriga has not generated any revenues from
the license agreement. This agreement expires on June 1, 2018.  

On
October 29, 2013 the Company entered into a Strategic Alliance with Synthetic Biology Pioneer Bacterial Robotics LLC to Develop
and Commercialize Industry Specific Bacterial Robots  BactoBots . Under terms of the Agreement the companies will
jointly develop a nuclear industry-specific Bacterial Robot ( BactoBots(TM) ). BactoBots are ubiquitous microscopic
robots applicable to therapeutics, wastewater, and chemicals. Specifically, Bacterial Robotics owns a family of intellectual property
beginning with U.S Patent # 8,354,267 B2 that relates generally to genetically enhanced bacteria that conduct specific functions.
Bacterial Robotics initial focus with Tauriga is developing a proprietary BactoBot to remediate wastewater generated by nuclear
energy production. On July 15, 2016, the Company was notified by its patent attorney, that the maintenance fee is due in the issue
of US Patent # 8,354,267. The final deadline to pay the fee to avoid abandonment is January 15, 2017. If the Company does not
make this payment it will lose the patent permanently.  

On
November 25, 2013, the Company entered a definitive agreement to acquire Cincinnati, Ohio based Pilus Energy LLC ( Pilus
Energy ), a developer of alternative cleantech energy platforms using proprietary microbial solutions that creates electricity
while consuming polluting molecules from wastewater. Upon consummation of the proposed transaction, which has been unanimously
ratified by Tauriga s board of directors, Pilus Energy will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tauriga. In addition, certain
advisors of Pilus Energy will be incorporated into the existing management team of Tauriga and report directly to the Company s
Chief Executive Officer. A total of $100,000 was paid by Tauriga to Bacterial Robotics in connection with the execution of this
November 2013 definitive agreement for the acquisition of Pilus Energy.  

On
January 28, 2014, the Company completed the acquisition of Cincinnati, Ohio based synthetic biology pioneer Pilus Energy LLC ( Pilus
Energy ). Structurally Pilus Energy will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Tauriga (pursuant to the terms of the definitive
agreement) and will maintain its headquarters location in the State of Ohio. The management of Pilus Energy will report directly
to both the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) of Tauriga with the expectation
that at least one board seat of Tauriga will be allocated to a Pilus Energy affiliate. The Board of Directors of Tauriga Sciences
unanimously approved both the previously announced definitive merger agreement on October 25, 2013 as well as the completion of
the acquisition inclusive of amended closing terms. In consideration for early closing of this acquisition, shareholders of Pilus
Energy received 100,000,000 shares of Tauriga Sciences, Inc. common stock at $0.02 per share.  

The
main benefits in accelerating the closing of this acquisition are to enhance Tauriga s access to capital markets and enable
the intrinsic value of Pilus Energy s technology to be realized sooner through demonstrable progress in the commercialization
process. Pilus Energy utilizes a proprietary clean technology to convert industrial customer  wastewater  into value.
This wastewater-to-value ( WTV ) proposition provides customers with substantial revenue-generating and cost-saving
opportunities. Pilus Energy is converging digester, fermenter, scrubber, and other proven legacy technologies into a single scalable
Electrogenic Bioreactor ( EBR ) platform. This transformative microbial fuel cell technology is the basis of the Pilus
Cell(TM). The EBR harnesses genetically enhanced bacteria, also known as bacterial robots, or BactoBots(TM), that remediate water,
harvest direct current (DC) electricity, and produce economically important gases and chemicals. The EBR accomplishes this through
bacterial metabolism, specifically cellular respiration of nearly four hundred carbon and nitrogen molecules typically called
pollutants in wastewater. Pilus Energy s highly metabolic bacteria are non-pathogenic. Because of the mediated biofilm formation,
these wastewater-to-value BactoBots(TM) resist heavy metal poisoning, swings of pH, and survive in a 4-to-45-degree Celsius temperature
range. Additionally, the BactoBots(TM) are anaerobically and aerobically active, even with low biological oxygen demand ( BOD )
and chemical oxygen demand ( COD ).  

On
March 10, 2014, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire California based Honeywood LLC, developer of a topical
medicinal cannabis product (Therapeutic Cream) that currently sells in numerous dispensaries across the state of California. This
definitive agreement was valid for a period of 120 days and Tauriga advanced to Honeywood $217,000 USD to be applied towards the
final closing requisite cash total and incurred $178,000 in legal fees as of March 31, 2014 in connection with the acquisition.  

On
March 26, 2014, the Company announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Pilus Energy LLC ( Pilus Energy ) has commenced
a five-phase, $1,700,000 USD commercial pilot test ( commercial pilot ) with the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ),
utilizing Chicago Bridge   Iron Co. (NYSE:CBI) ( CB I ) Federal Services serving as the third-party-contractor
through the EPA s Test and Evaluation ( T E ) facility. This five phase commercial pilot will include significant
testing of the Pilus Energy Electrogenic Bioreactor ( EBR ) synthetic biology platform for generating value from wastewater.
This commercial pilot is of great importance to the Company, because it represents the scale up from the benchtop (laboratory)
scale to commercial (industrial) scale. The Metropolitan Sewer District of Greater Cincinnati ( MSDGR ), which is
co-located with EPA s T E facility, will host the commercial scale EBR prototype at its main treatment plant in Cincinnati.  

On
September 24, 2014 (the  Unwinding Date ), the Company, Honeywood and each of the Honeywood Principals entered into
a Termination Agreement (the  Termination Agreement ) to unwind the effects of the Merger (the  Unwinding Transaction ).
Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Merger Agreement, the Standstill Agreement and the Employment Agreements were all terminated.
As required by the Termination Agreement, on the Unwinding Date the Company entered into an Assignment of Interest (the  Assignment
of Interest ) pursuant to which it conveyed its membership interest in Honeywood to the Honeywood Principals, as a result
of which Honeywood ceased to be owned by the Company and became owned again by the Honeywood Principals.  

In
the Termination Agreement, the Honeywood Principals relinquished their right to any merger consideration pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, including the right to any shares of capital stock of the Company (which had never been formally issued or delivered),
and agreed that all indicia of any Company shares issuable as merger consideration reflected on the transfer books of the Company,
if any, would be cancelled without any further action by the Honeywood Principals. The shares of the Company that would have been
issuable as merger consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement if the Unwinding Transaction had not been consummated consisted
of: (i) shares of the Company s common stock representing approximately 15.457% of the Company s outstanding common
stock as of the Merger (109,414,235 shares) payable to the Honeywood Principals, (ii) 18,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock payable to a consultant of Honeywood, and (iii) additional shares of the Company s common stock representing
up to 10% of the Company s outstanding common as of the Merger payable to the Honeywood Principals as an earn-out upon the
achievement of certain milestones. Because of the Unwinding Transaction, none of the foregoing shares will be issued by the Company
and the stockholders of the Company will not experience the dilution that would have resulted from such issuance.  

In
accordance with the Termination Agreement, Honeywood agreed to repay to the Company substantially all of the advances made by
the Company to Honeywood prior to and after the Merger by delivering to the Company on the Unwinding Date a Secured Promissory
Note in the principal amount of $170,000 (the  Note ). The Note bears interest at 6% per annum and is repayable in
six quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter starting on March 31, 2015 and ending on June 30, 2016. The
Note is secured by a blanket security interest in Honeywood s assets pursuant to a Security Agreement entered into on the
Unwinding Date between Honeywood and the Company (the  Security Agreement ).  

The
Termination Agreement contains a general release and covenant not to sue pursuant to which the Company, Honeywood and the Honeywood
Principals released, and agreed not to sue with respect to, any and all rights they have against each other through the Unwinding
Date except for their respective rights under the Termination Agreement, the Assignment of Interest, the Note, the Security Agreement,
the License Agreement and the Release and Covenant Not to Sue dated July 15, 2014 entered into in connection with the closing
of the Merger. The Termination Agreement also contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, including covenants
regarding confidentiality and non-disparagement.  

SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS   

Common
Stock Issuances    

Subsequent
to March 31, 2016, the Company issued additional shares of common stock as follows: (i) 61,500,000 shares to consultants and board
members; (ii) 19,300,000 shares issued as commitment shares to the holder of a convertible note; (iii) 27,875,000 shares issued
via private placement; and (iv) 33,900,000 shares in conversion of convertible notes.  

Private
Placement   April 18, 2016    

On
April 18, 2016, the Company completed an equity private placement for $105,500 to date comprised of accredited individual investors
as well as one institutional investor. The terms of this private placement are as follows: $0.004 per share of common stock with
a related three-year warrant for 40% of each share of common stock purchased at an exercise price of $0.01 per share. The warrants
require the investors to pay cash to exercise the warrants and do not allow for cashless exercise. All shares to be issued will
be  restricted securities  as such term is defined by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company collected
$7,500 of this in March 2016, and the remaining funds in April 2016 at the time the shares and warrants were issued. The $7,500
is included in the liability for stock to be issued as of March 31, 2016.  

The
proceeds from this private placement will be used for working capital purposes, most specifically to fund the Company s
ongoing litigation against Cowan Gunteski Co. P.A., and settle some outstanding obligations and establish new business opportunities
for the Company.  

Private Placement   June 27, 2016   

On June 27, 2016, the Company completed
an additional $194,000 USD in equity private placement financing from six accredited individual investors. The terms of this private
placement are as follows: $0.004 per share of common stock with a related three-year warrant for 40% of each share of common stock
purchased and an exercise price of $0.01 per share. The warrants require the investors to pay cash to exercise the warrants
and do not allow for cashless exercise. For example, an investor who invested $10,000 USD in this financing round received
2,500,000 shares of common stock and the 1,000,000 warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 for
a period of three years. The Company received funds for 48,500,000 shares of common stock at $0.004 per share (of which 47,000,000
shares are pending issuance) and warrants for an additional 19,400,000 shares of common stock as part of the financing. All
shares issued and to be issued will be  restricted securities  as such term is defined by the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

Lawsuit
Filed Against Cowan Gunteski   Co. PA    

On
November 4, 2015, the Company filed a lawsuit against its predecessor audit firm Cowan Gunteski   Co. PA in Federal Court
  Southern District Florida (Miami, Florida) entitled  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. v. Cowan, Gunteski   Co., P.A.
et al , Case No. 0:15-cv-62334. The case has since been transferred to the United States District Court for the District
of New Jersey. The case alleges, among other things, that Cowan Gunteski committed malpractice with respect to the audit of
the Company s FY 2014 financial statements (as illustrated in the PCAOB Public Censure of July 23, 2015) and then misrepresented
to the Company with respect about its ability to re-issue an independent opinion for FY 2014 financial statements. On July 31,
2015, the Company was delisted from the OTCQB Exchange to the OTC Pink Limited Information Tier due to its inability to file its
FY 2015 Form 10K. The lawsuit was expected by the Company and its counsel to take up to 18 months to complete, from the date it
was filed (November 4, 2015).  

The
Company in its lawsuit seeks damages against Cowan Gunteski (and its malpractice insurance policy) exceeding $4,000,000.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in this lawsuit.  

Subsequent
to the filing of the lawsuit, the Company was notified that the lawsuit was temporarily suspended so that the Company and Cowan
can attempt to mediate this case. On December 30, 2015, the Company was notified that Daniel F. Kolb was appointed as the mediator.  

Mediation
commenced on February 3, 2016. During these efforts, the Company had been offered settlement amounts, but none that have been
satisfactory.  

On
March 22, 2016 the Company decided that its good faith efforts to settle its ongoing litigation with Cowan Gunteski   Co.
P.A. have proven unsuccessful. Therefore, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously agreed to proceed to trial. The case
is expected to proceed in Federal District Court   Southern District Florida (Miami, Florida) with an expectation that the
venue will be challenged. The Company is continuing to seek the assistance of independent experts, to help ascribe dollar amounts
for certain damages suffered by the Company ( provable damages ). At this point in time, the Company has realized
out of pocket cash losses and debts (inclusive of liquidated damages) that exceed $850,000. Additional potential damages include
but are not limited to: inability to properly maintain Pilus Energy s Intellectual Property ( Pilus IP ), the
July 31, 2015 delisting of the Company shares from OTCQB to Pink Sheets, loss of market capitalization ( market cap ),
loss of trading liquidity ( trading volume ), and loss of substantial business opportunities. In aggregate the Company
intends to seek monetary award(s), during trial, in excess of $4,000,000. That figure is expected to continually increase
as additional time lapses.  

On
May 10, 2016, the Company was notified of an Order Reopening Case, Scheduling Order for Pretrial Conference set for December 7,
2016 before Judge Robin L. Rosenberg, Trial set for January 23, 2017 in West Palm Beach Division, and a Calendar Call set for
January 18, 2017.  

On
September 26, 2016, a motion was filed requesting that the trial date be moved from the current scheduled date of January 23,
2017 to July 24, 2017 (6-months.) The Company must respond to this motion no later than October 14, 2016.  

On
September 29, 2016, the judge presiding over the case approved the ruled on the two outstanding motions filed on June 13, 2016.
The motion to transfer the case to United States District Court for the District of New Jersey was approved, however the judge
denied the defendants  motion to dismiss the lawsuit. Depositions have commenced in this case.  

Convertible
Notes Payable   

Group
10 Holdings LLC  

On
August 3, 2016, the Company entered into a $48,000 convertible debenture with OID in the amount of $8,000 with Group 10 Holdings
LLC. Along with this note, 8,000,000 commitment shares must be issued to the holder within 15 days or an event of default will
have occurred (shares were issued on August 4, 2016), earned in full upon purchase of the debenture. This debenture bears 12%
interest per annum with a default interest rate of the lesser of 18% or the or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law,
effective as of the issuance date of this debenture ( default interest rate .) If any event of default occurs, the
outstanding principal amount of this debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in
respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at holder s election, immediately due and payable in cash
in the sum of (a) one hundred eighteen percent (118%) of the outstanding principal amount of this debenture plus one hundred percent
(100%) of accrued and unpaid interest thereon and (b) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect
of this debenture ( mandatory default amount ). After the occurrence of any event of default, the interest rate on
this debenture shall accrue at an interest rate equal the default interest rate.  

Subject
to the approval of holder for prepayments after one hundred eighty (180) days, borrower may prepay in cash all or any portion
of the principal amount of this debenture and accrued interest thereon, with a premium, as set forth below (each a  prepayment
premium ), upon ten (10) business days prior written notice to holder. Holder shall have the right to convert all or any
portion of the principal amount and accrued interest thereon during such ten (10) business day notice period. The amount of each
prepayment premium shall be as follows: (a) one hundred forty-five percent (145%) of the prepayment amount if such prepayment
is made at any time from the issuance date until the maturity date.  

The
holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time after the issuance date and until the maturity date, or thereafter
during an event of default, to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount, accrued interest and fees due and
payable thereon into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of borrower at the conversion price, (the  conversion
shares ) which shall mean the lesser of (a) sixty percent (60%) multiplied by the lowest closing price during the thirty-five
(35) trading days prior to the notice of conversion is given (which represents a discount rate of forty percent (40%)) or (b)
one-half of a penny ($0.005.)  

If
the market capitalization of the borrower is less than two million dollars ($2,000,000) on the day immediately prior to the date
of the notice of conversion, then the conversion price shall be twenty-five percent (25%) multiplied by the lowest closing price
during the thirty-five (35) trading days prior to the date a notice of conversion is given (which represents a discount rate of
seventy-five percent (75%)). Additionally, if the closing price of the borrower s common stock on the day immediately prior
to the date of the notice of conversion is less than two-tenths of a penny ($0.002) then the conversion price shall be twenty-five
percent (25%) multiplied by the lowest closing price during the thirty-five (35) trading days prior to a notice of conversion
is given (which represents a discount rate of seventy-five percent (75%)).  

The
note also contains a most favored nations status provision whereby the borrower or any of its subsidiaries issue any security
(in an amount under one million dollars ($1,000,000)) with any term more favorable to the holder such more favorable term, at
holder s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with holder.  

At
all times during which this debenture is outstanding, borrower shall reserve and keep available from its authorized and unissued
shares of common stock (the  share reserve ) for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this debenture and
payment of interest on this debenture, free from preemptive rights or any other actual or contingent purchase rights of persons
other than holder, not less than five times the aggregate number of shares of the commons stock that shall be issuable the conversion
of the outstanding principal amount of this debenture and payment of interest hereunder. Initially, the share reserve shall be
equal to one hundred fifty million (150,000,000) shares. The holder may request bi-monthly increases to reserve such amounts based
on a conversion price equal to the lowest closing price during the preceding thirty-five (35) day. Borrower agrees that it will
take all such reasonable actions as may be necessary to assure that the conversion shares may be issued. Borrower agrees to provide
holder with confirmation evidencing the execution of such share reservation within fifteen (15) business days from the issuance
date.  

Holder
may provide the transfer agent with written instructions to increase the share reserve in accordance therewith in the event of:
(a) closing price of borrower s common stock is less than $0.002 for three (3) consecutive trading days; or (b) borrower s
issued and outstanding shares of common stock is greater than seventy of their authorized shares. Then the share reserve shall
increase to the number of shares of common stock equal to the five (5) times the value of the outstanding principal amount plus
accrued interest.  

Further,
as part of the terms of this note the Company agrees that it will not incur further indebtedness other than (a) lease obligations
and purchase money indebtedness of up to one hundred thousand dollars, in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition
of capital assets and lease obligations with respect to newly acquired or leased assets, (c) indebtedness that (i) is expressly
subordinate to this debenture pursuant to a written subordination agreement with holder that is acceptable to holder in its sole
and absolute discretion and (ii) matures at a date sixty (60) days later than the maturity date, (d) trade payables and other
accounts payable of borrower incurred in the ordinary course of business in accordance with GAAP and not evidenced by a promissory
note or other security, and (e) indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth on the Balance Sheet dated September 30,
2015, provided that (x) the terms of such indebtedness are not changed from the terms in effect as of the most recent balance
sheet date, and (y) any such indebtedness which is for borrowed money is not due and payable until after August 3, 2017.  

Reports
to Security Holders   

We
intend to furnish our shareholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public
accounting firm and to make available quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three
quarters of each year. We file Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with
the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to meet our timely and continuous disclosure requirements. We may also file additional
documents with the Commission if they become necessary in the course of our company s operations.  

The
public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE,
Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov.  

Environmental
Regulations   

We
do not believe that we are or will become subject to any environmental laws or regulations of the United States. While our products
and business activities do not currently violate any laws, any regulatory changes that impose additional restrictions or requirements
on us or on our products or potential customers could adversely affect us by increasing our operating costs or decreasing demand
for our products or services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  

Employees   

As
of March 31, 2016, we had a total of two consultants devoting substantially full-time services to the Company.  

Available
Information   

All
reports of the Company filed with the SEC are available free of charge through the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition,
the public may read and copy materials filed by the Company at the SEC s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may also obtain additional information on the operation of the Public Reference Room
by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

The
following important factors among others, could cause our actual operating results to differ materially from those indicated or
suggested by forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management from time to time.  

There
are numerous and varied risks, known and unknown, that may prevent us from achieving our goals. If any of these risks actually
occur, our business, financial condition or results of operation may be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading
price of our common stock could decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment.   

Risks
Related to Our Business   

We
have sustained recurring losses since inception and expect to incur additional losses in the foreseeable future.    

We
were formed on April 8, 2001 and have reported annual net losses since inception. For our years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015,
we experienced net losses of $2,569,153 and $5,088,956, respectively. We used cash in operating activities of $140,755 and $1,844,519
in 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of March 31, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $51,812,793.  

In
addition, we expect to incur additional losses in the foreseeable future, and there can be no assurance that we will ever achieve
profitability. Our future viability, profitability and growth depend upon our ability to successfully operate, expand our operations
and obtain additional capital. There can be no assurance that any of our efforts will prove successful or that we will not continue
to incur operating losses in the future. Our management is devoting substantially all of its efforts to developing its products
and services and there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful. There is no assurance that can be given that management s
actions will result in our profitable operations or the resolution of our liquidity problems.  

Because
we are an early development stage company with no products near commercialization, we expect to incur significant additional operating
losses.    

We
are an early development stage company and we expect to incur substantial additional operating expenses over the next several
years as our research, development, pre-clinical testing, regulatory approval and clinical trial activities increase. The amount
of our future losses and when, if ever, we will achieve profitability are uncertain. We have no products that have generated any
material commercial revenue and do not expect to generate significant revenues from the commercial sale of our products in the
near future, if ever. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability will depend on, among other things, the following:  

successful
    completion and development of our Pilus related products;   

establishing
    manufacturing, sales, and marketing arrangements, either alone or with third parties; and   

raising
    sufficient funds to finance our activities.   

We
might not succeed at all, or at any, of these undertakings. If we are unsuccessful at some or all of these undertakings, our business,
prospects, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.  

The
market for our technology and revenue generation avenues for our products may be slow to develop, if at all.    

The
market for our Pilus related products may be slower to develop or smaller than estimated or it may be more difficult to build
the market than anticipated. The medical community may resist our products or be slower to accept them than we anticipate. Revenues
from our products may be delayed or costs may be higher than anticipated which may result in our need for additional funding.
We anticipate that our principal route to market will be through commercial distribution partners. These arrangements are generally
non-exclusive and have no guaranteed sales volumes or commitments. The partners may be slower to sell our products than anticipated.
Any financial, operational or regulatory risks that affect our partners could also affect the sales of our products. In the current
economic environment, hospitals and clinical purchasing budgets may exercise greater restraint with respect to purchases, which
may result in purchasing decisions being delayed or denied. If any of these situations were to occur this could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.  

We
may need to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate collaboration
and licensing arrangements. Any additional funds that we obtain may not be on terms favorable to us or our stockholders and may
require us to relinquish valuable rights.    

As
of March 31, 2016, we had no available cash. We will need to raise additional funds to pay outstanding vendor invoices and execute
our business plan. Our future cash flows depend on our ability to market and sell our common stock and into sublicensing. There
can be no assurance that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or, if available, will be available on
terms that are acceptable to us.  

We
will not generate significate revenues from our products in the near future. Therefore, for the foreseeable future, we will have
to fund all of our operations and capital expenditures from cash on hand, public or private equity offerings, debt financings,
bank credit facilities or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. We will need to raise additional funds if we choose
to expand our product development efforts more rapidly than we presently anticipate.  

If
we seek to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain a bank credit facility or enter into a corporate collaboration or
licensing arrangement, we may not obtain favorable terms for us and/or our stockholders or be able to raise any capital at all,
all of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The sale of additional equity
or debt securities, if convertible, could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result
in increased fixed obligations and could also result in covenants that would restrict our operations. Raising additional funds
through collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties may require us to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies,
future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates, or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us
or our stockholders. In addition, we could be forced to discontinue product development, reduce or forego sales and marketing
efforts and forego attractive business opportunities, all of which could have an adverse impact on our business and results of
operations.  

If
we issue additional shares in the future, it will result in the dilution of our existing stockholders.    

We
have and may continue to experience substantial dilution. On July 27, 2015, our stockholders voted to amend our articles of incorporation
to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock we may issue from 1,000,000,000 to 2,500,000,000 shares of common
stock with a par value of $0.00001. As such, our Board of Directors may choose to issue some or all of such shares to acquire
one or more companies or properties and to fund our overhead and general operating requirements. The issuance of any such shares
may reduce the book value per share and may contribute to a reduction in the market price of the outstanding shares of our common
stock. If we issue any such additional shares, such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of all current
stockholders. Further, such issuance may result in a change of control of our corporation.  

Much
of our product development program depends upon third-party researchers who are outside our control and whose negative performance
could materially hinder or delay our pre-clinical testing or clinical trials    

We
do not have the ability to conduct all aspects of the development of our Pilus related products ourselves. We have and will depend
upon independent investigators and collaborators, such as commercial third-parties, government, universities and medical institutions,
to assist us in our development. These collaborators are not our employees and we cannot control the amount or timing of resources
that they devote to our programs. These individuals and entities may not assign as great a priority to our programs or pursue
them as diligently as we would if we were undertaking such programs ourselves. The failure of any of these outside collaborators
to perform in an acceptable and timely manner in the future, including in accordance with any applicable regulatory requirements
could cause a delay or otherwise adversely affect our product development and, ultimately, the commercialization of our products.
In addition, these collaborators may also have relationships with other commercial entities, some of whom may compete with us.
If our collaborators assist our competitors at our expense, our competitive position would be harmed.  

Intellectual
property may not be able to be maintained or defended due to lack of operating capital.     

The
Company possesses intellectual property which requires investment to defend it from infringement. On July 15, 2016, the Company
was notified by its patent attorney, that the maintenance fee is due in the issue of US Patent # 8,354,267. The final deadline
to pay the fee to avoid abandonment is January 15, 2017. If the Company does not make this payment it will lose the patent permanently.  

Regulations
are constantly changing, and in the future our business may be subject to additional regulations that increase our compliance
costs.    

We
believe that we understand the current laws and regulations to which our products will be subject in the future. However, federal,
state and foreign laws and regulations relating to the sale of our products are subject to future changes, as are administrative
interpretations of regulatory agencies. If we fail to comply with such federal, state or foreign laws or regulations, we may fail
to obtain regulatory approval for our products and, if we have already obtained regulatory approval, we could be subject to enforcement
actions, including injunctions preventing us from conducting our business, withdrawal of clearances or approvals and civil and
criminal penalties. In the event that federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations change, we may need to incur additional
costs to seek government approvals, in addition to the clearance we intend to seek from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
in order to sell or market our products. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing regulatory requirements or the
promulgation of new regulatory requirements or policies, we or our licensees may lose marketing approval for our products which
will impact our ability to conduct business in the future.  

If
we do not obtain protection for our intellectual property rights, our competitors may be able to take advantage of our research
and development efforts to develop competing products.    

We
intend to rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, and nondisclosure and non-competition agreements to protect our proprietary
intellectual property. To date, we have filed not patent applications but plan to file such applications in the U.S. and in other
countries, as we deem appropriate for our products. Our applications have and will include claims intended to provide market exclusivity
for certain commercial aspects of the products, including the methods of production, the methods of usage and the commercial packaging
of the products. However, we cannot predict:  

the
    degree and range of protection any patents will afford us against competitors, including whether third parties will find ways
    to invalidate or otherwise circumvent our patents;   

if
    and when such patents will be issued, and, if granted, whether patents will be challenged and held invalid or unenforceable;   

whether
    or not others will obtain patents claiming aspects similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications; or   

whether
    we will need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings which may be costly regardless of outcome.   

Our
success also depends upon the skills, knowledge and experience of our scientific and technical personnel, our consultants and
advisors as well as our licensors and contractors. To help protect our proprietary know-how and our inventions for which patents
may be unobtainable or difficult to obtain, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements. To this end, it
is our policy to require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and contractors to enter into agreements which prohibit the
disclosure of confidential information and, where applicable, require disclosure and assignment to us of the ideas, developments,
discoveries and inventions important to our business. These agreements may not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets,
know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure or the lawful development by others
of such information. If any of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information is disclosed, the value of our trade
secrets, know-how and other proprietary rights would be significantly impaired and our business and competitive position would
suffer.  

Given
the fact that we may pose a competitive threat, competitors, especially large and well-capitalized companies that own or control
patents relating to electrophysiology recording systems, may successfully challenge our patent applications, produce similar products
or products that do not infringe our patents, or produce products in countries where we have not applied for patent protection
or that do not respect our patents.  

If
any of these events occurs, or we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets or proprietary know-how, the value of our intellectual
property may be greatly reduced. Patent protection and other intellectual property protection are important to the success of
our business and prospects, and there is a substantial risk that such protections will prove inadequate.  

If
we infringe upon the rights of third parties, we could be prevented from selling products and forced to pay damages and defend
against litigation.    

If
our products, methods, processes and other technologies infringe the proprietary rights of other parties, we could incur substantial
costs and we may be required to:  

obtain
    licenses, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all;   

abandon
    an infringing product candidate;   

redesign
    our product candidates or processes to avoid infringement;   

cease
    usage of the subject matter claimed in the patents held by others;   

pay
    damages; and/or   

defend
    litigation or administrative proceedings which may be costly regardless of outcome, and which could result in a substantial
    diversion of our financial and management resources.   

Any
of these events could substantially harm our earnings, financial condition and operations.  

We
rely on key officers, consultants and scientific and medical advisors, and their knowledge of our business and technical expertise
would be difficult to replace.    

We
are highly dependent on our officers, consultants and scientific and medical advisors because of their expertise and experience
in medical device development. We do not have  key person  life insurance policies for any of our officers. If we
are unable to obtain additional funding, we will be unable to meet our current and future compensation obligations to such employees
and consultants. In light of the foregoing, we are at risk that one or more of our consultants or employees may leave our company
for other opportunities where there is no concern about such employers fulfilling their compensation obligations, or for other
reasons. The loss of the technical knowledge and management and industry expertise of any of our key personnel could result in
delays in product development, loss of customers and sales and diversion of management resources, which could adversely affect
our results of operations.  

If
we are unable to attract, train and retain highly qualified personnel, the quality of our services may decline and we may not
successfully execute our internal growth strategies.    

Our
success depends in large part upon our ability to continue to attract, train, motivate and retain highly skilled and experienced
employees, including technical personnel. Qualified technical employees periodically are in great demand and may be unavailable
in the time frame required to satisfy our customers  requirements. While we currently have available technical expertise
sufficient for the requirements of our business, expansion of our business could require us to employ additional highly skilled
technical personnel.  

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain sufficient numbers of highly skilled technical employees in the
future. The loss of personnel or our inability to hire or retain sufficient personnel at competitive rates of compensation could
impair our ability to secure and complete customer engagements and could harm our business.  

If
we do not effectively manage changes in our business, these changes could place a significant strain on our management and operations.    

Our
ability to grow successfully requires an effective planning and management process. The expansion and growth of our business could
place a significant strain on our management systems, infrastructure and other resources. To manage our growth successfully, we
must continue to improve and expand our systems and infrastructure in a timely and efficient manner. Our controls, systems, procedures
and resources may not be adequate to support a changing and growing company. If our management fails to respond effectively to
changes and growth in our business, including acquisitions, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and future prospects.  

Our
strategic business plan may not produce the intended growth in revenue and operating income.    

Our
strategies ultimately include making significant investments in sales and marketing programs to achieve revenue growth and margin
improvement targets. If we do not achieve the expected benefits from these investments or otherwise fail to execute on our strategic
initiatives, we may not achieve the growth improvement we are targeting and our results of operations may be adversely affected.
We may also fail to secure the capital necessary to make these investments, which will hinder our growth.  

In
addition, as part of our strategy for growth, we may make acquisitions and enter into strategic alliances such as joint ventures
and joint development agreements. However, we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions
or integrate acquisitions successfully, and our strategic alliances may not prove to be successful. In this regard, acquisitions
involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services and products of the
acquired companies and the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. Although we will endeavor to
evaluate the risks inherent in any particular transaction, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain all such
risks. In addition, acquisitions could result in the incurrence of substantial additional indebtedness and other expenses or in
potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities. There can be no assurance that difficulties encountered with acquisitions
will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

We
currently do not have significant sales, marketing or distribution operations and will need to expand our expertise in these areas.    

We
currently do not have significant sales, marketing or distribution operations and, in connection with the expected commercialization
of our system, will need to expand our expertise in these areas. To increase internal sales, distribution and marketing expertise
and be able to conduct these operations, we would have to invest significant amounts of financial and management resources. In
developing these functions ourselves, we could face a number of risks, including:  

we
    may not be able to attract and build an effective marketing or sales force; and   

the
    cost of establishing, training and providing regulatory oversight for a marketing or sales force may be substantial.   

We
experienced, and continue to experience, changes in its operations, which has placed, and will continue to place, significant
demands on its management, operational and financial infrastructure.    

If
the Company does not effectively manage its growth, the quality of its products and services could suffer, which could negatively
affect the Company s brand and operating results. To effectively manage this growth, the Company will need to continue to
improve its operational, financial and management controls and its reporting systems and procedures. Failure to implement these
improvements could hurt the Company s ability to manage its growth and financial position.  

Risks
Relating to Our Organization and Our Common Stock   

In
2001, we became a publicly registered company that is subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws, which
can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects, thus impairing our ability to grow.    

In
2001, we became a public reporting company and, accordingly, subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act and other federal securities laws, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act ).
The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing
audited reports to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would have been if we remained private.  

We
will be required to incur significant costs and require significant management resources to evaluate our internal control over
financial reporting as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and any failure to comply or any adverse result from
such evaluation may have an adverse effect on our stock price.    

As
a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we are required to
evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( Section 404 ).
Section 404 requires us to include an internal control report with the Annual Report on Form 10-K. This report must include management s
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year. This report
must also include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that we have identified.
Failure to comply, or any adverse results from such evaluation, could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial
reports and have an adverse effect on the trading price of our equity securities. Management believes that our internal controls
and procedures are currently not effective to detect the inappropriate application of U.S. GAAP rules. Management realizes there
are deficiencies in the design or operation of our internal control that adversely affect our internal controls which management
considers to be material weaknesses including those described below:  

We
    have insufficient quantity of dedicated resources and experienced personnel involved in reviewing and designing internal controls.
    As a result, a material misstatement of the interim and annual financial statements could occur and not be prevented or detected
    on a timely basis.   

We
    do not have an audit committee. While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is our view that to have
    an audit committee, comprised of independent board members, is an important entity-level control over our financial statements.   

We
    did not perform an entity level risk assessment to evaluate the implication of relevant risks on financial reporting, including
    the impact of potential fraud-related risks and the risks related to non-routine transactions, if any, on our internal control
    over financial reporting. Lack of an entity-level risk assessment constituted an internal control design deficiency which
    resulted in more than a remote likelihood that a material error would not have been prevented or detected, and constituted
    a material weakness.   

We
    lack personnel with formal training to properly analyze and record complex transactions in accordance with U.S. GAAP.   

We
    have not achieved the optimal level of segregation of duties relative to key financial reporting functions.   

Achieving
continued compliance with Section 404 may require us to incur significant costs and expend significant time and management resources.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to fully comply with Section 404 or that we and our independent registered public accounting
firm would be able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at fiscal year-end. As a result,
investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have an adverse effect on the trading price
of our securities, as well as subject us to civil or criminal investigations and penalties. In addition, our independent registered
public accounting firm may not agree with our management s assessment or conclude that our internal control over financial
reporting is operating effectively.  

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock.    

In
addition to the  penny stock  rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an
investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that
customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make
reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other
information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced
securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse
effect on the market for our shares.  

Public
company compliance may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain officers and directors.    

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and new rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of
public companies. As a public company, we expect these new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs and to make
certain activities more time consuming and costly. As a public company, we also expect that these new rules and regulations may
make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required
to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a
result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive
officers.  

The
market price and trading volume of shares of our common stock may be volatile.    

When
and if a market develops for our securities, the market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons,
including reasons unrelated to our specific performance, such as limited liquidity for our stock, reports by industry analysts,
investor perceptions, or announcements by our competitors regarding their own performance, as well as general economic and industry
conditions. For example, to the extent that other large companies within our industry experience declines in their share price,
our share price may decline as well. Fluctuations in operating results or the failure of operating results to meet the expectations
of public market analysts and investors may negatively impact the price of our securities. Quarterly operating results may fluctuate
in the future due to a variety of factors that could negatively affect revenues or expenses in any particular quarter, including
vulnerability of our business to a general economic downturn, changes in the laws that affect our products or operations, competition,
compensation related expenses, application of accounting standards and our ability to obtain and maintain all necessary government
certifications and/or licenses to conduct our business. In addition, when the market price of a company s shares drops significantly,
stockholders could institute securities class action lawsuits against the company. A lawsuit against us could cause us to incur
substantial costs and could divert the time and attention of our management and other resources.  

We
may not pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock.    

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on
earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may
consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will
only occur if our stock price appreciates.  

Our
common stock is currently considered a  penny stock,  which may make it more difficult for our investors to sell their
shares.    

Our
stock is categorized as a penny stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines  penny stock  to be
any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than US$ 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than US$ 5.00
per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice
requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. The penny stock
rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level
of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for
the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer
and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction
and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules
require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written
agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the
secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the
ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit
the marketability of our common stock.  

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.    

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or upon the expiration of any statutory holding
period under Rule 144, or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly
referred to as an  overhang  and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence
of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional
financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or
appropriate.  

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

None.  

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES   

The
Company does not currently have any lease agreements for real property.  

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

From
time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business.
As of October 6, 2016, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect
on the results of our operations except as set forth below:  

Lawsuit
Filed Against Cowan Gunteski   Co. PA  

On
November 4, 2015, the Company filed a lawsuit against its predecessor audit firm Cowan Gunteski   Co. PA in Federal Court
  Southern District Florida (Miami, Florida) entitled  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. v. Cowan, Gunteski   Co., P.A.
et al , Case No. 0:15-cv-62334. The case has since been transferred to the United States District Court for the District
of New Jersey. The case alleges, among other things, that Cowan Gunteski committed malpractice with respect to the audit of
the Company s FY 2014 financial statements (as illustrated in the PCAOB Public Censure of July 23, 2015) and then misrepresented
to the Company with respect about its ability to re-issue an independent opinion for FY 2014 financial statements. On July 31,
2015, the Company was delisted from the OTCQB Exchange to the OTC Pink Limited Information Tier due to its inability to file its
FY 2015 Form 10K. The lawsuit was expected by the Company and its counsel to take up to 18 months to complete, from the date it
was filed (November 4, 2015).  

The
Company in its lawsuit seeks damages against Cowan Gunteski (and its malpractice insurance policy) exceeding $4,000,000.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in this lawsuit.  

Subsequent
to the filing of the lawsuit, the Company was notified that the lawsuit was temporarily suspended so that the Company and Cowan
can attempt to mediate this case. On December 30, 2015, the Company was notified that Daniel F. Kolb was appointed as the mediator.  

Mediation
commenced on February 3, 2016. During these efforts, the Company had been offered settlement amounts, but none that have been
satisfactory.  

On
March 22, 2016 the Company decided that its good faith efforts to settle its ongoing litigation with Cowan Gunteski   Co.
P.A. have proven unsuccessful. Therefore, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously agreed to proceed to trial. The case
is expected to proceed in Federal District Court   Southern District Florida (Miami, Florida) with an expectation that the
venue will be challenged. The Company is continuing to seek the assistance of independent experts, to help ascribe dollar amounts
for certain damages suffered by the Company ( provable damages ). At this point in time, the Company has realized
out of pocket cash losses and debts (inclusive of liquidated damages) that exceed $850,000. Additional potential damages include
but are not limited to: inability to properly maintain Pilus Energy s Intellectual Property ( Pilus IP ), the
July 31, 2015 delisting of the Company shares from OTCQB to Pink Sheets, loss of market capitalization ( market cap ),
loss of trading liquidity ( trading volume ), and loss of substantial business opportunities. In aggregate the Company
intends to seek monetary award(s), during trial, in excess of $4,000,000. That figure is expected to continually increase
as additional time lapses.  

On
May 10, 2016, the Company was notified of an Order Reopening Case, Scheduling Order for Pretrial Conference set for December 7,
2016 before Judge Robin L. Rosenberg, Trial set for January 23, 2017 in West Palm Beach Division, and a Calendar Call set for
January 18, 2017.  

On
September 26, 2016, a motion was filed requesting that the trial date be moved from the current scheduled date of January 23,
2017 to July 24, 2017 (6-months.) The Company must respond to this motion no later than October 14, 2016.  

On
September 29, 2016, the judge presiding over the case approved the ruled on the two outstanding motions filed on June 13, 2016.
The motion to transfer the case to United States District Court for the District of New Jersey was approved, however the judge
denied the defendants  motion to dismiss the lawsuit. Depositions have commenced in this case.  

Arbitration
  Cherry Baekert LLP  

On
November 23, 2015, the Company had its arbitration date in Miami, Florida at the law office of Pollack, Pollack and Kogan against
Cherry Baekert LLP (a consultant of the Company). This arbitration was concerning outstanding invoices of $31,280 that Cherry
Baekert believed was owed from the Company pursuant to two separate engagement letters entered into in 2014. Prior to November
23, 2015, the Company had already paid $25,000 to Cherry Baekert pursuant to these above mentioned agreements.  

The
arbitrator, Lawrence Saichek, ruled against the Company on December 29, 2015 awarding Cherry Baekert the full $31,280 plus legal
fee reimbursement, and court costs reimbursed. The total award was $47,568. Subsequently, the balance grew to $51,387. On April
25, 2016, the Company made a $15,000 payment to Cherry Baekert towards this outstanding amount. Therefore, the remaining balance
is now $36,387. In addition, Cherry Baekert, as a good faith measure, granted the Company until June 30, 2016 to pay the balance.
The Company wired the final amount due on June 28, 2016.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.   

Not
applicable.  

PART
II   

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.   

Market
for Common Equity   

Market
Information   

The
Company s common stock is traded on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol  TAUG.OB.  As of October 6, 2016,
the Company s common stock was held by 1,226 shareholders of record, which does not include shareholders whose shares are
held in street or nominee name.  

The
following chart is indicative of the fluctuations in the stock prices:  

The
Company s transfer agent is ClearTrust, LLC located at 16540 Pointe Village Drive, Suite 206, Lutz, Florida 33558 with a
telephone number of (813) 235-4490.  

Dividend
Distributions   

We
have not historically and do not intend to distribute dividends to stockholders in the foreseeable future.  

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans   

The
Company does not have any equity compensation plans.  

Penny
Stock   

Our
common stock is considered  penny stock  under the rules the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with
transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities
registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System, provided that current price and
volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny
stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document
prepared by the Commission, that:  

contains
    a description of the nature and level of risks in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading;   

contains
    a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the
    customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities  laws; contains a brief, clear,
    narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread
    between the bid and ask price;   

contains
    a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;   

defines
    significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and   

contains
    such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Securities and Commission may
    require by rule or regulation.   

The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with:  

bid
    and offer quotations for the penny stock;   

the
    compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;   

the
    number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity
    of the marker for such stock; and   

monthly
    account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account.   

In
addition, the penny stock rules that require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules;
the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions
involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement.  

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock.  

Related
Stockholder Matters   

None.  

Purchase
of Equity Securities   

None.  

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.   

As
the Company is a  smaller reporting company,  this item is inapplicable.  

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION.   

This
report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking
statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry,
our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as  anticipate,   expects,   intends,   plans, 
 believes,   seeks  and  estimates  and variations of these words and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject
to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider
all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company s stock. The following discussion and
analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and summary of selected financial data for Tauriga
Sciences, Inc. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment from our Management.  

Description
of Business   

We
are a Florida corporation formed on April 8, 2001. We were originally organized to be a blank check company.  

On
June 8, 2009, the Board of Directors approved the change of name to  Novo Energies Corporation . As described in a
report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 26, 2009, a majority of shareholders executed a written consent
in lieu of an Annual Meeting (the  Written Consent ) effecting the change of the name of our business from  Atlantic
Wine Agencies, Inc.  to  Novo Energies Corporation  on June 8, 2009 to better reflect what we then intended
to be our future operations. We filed an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation on June 8, 2009 with the Florida Secretary
of State to affect this name change after receiving the requisite corporate approval.  

On
June 23, 2009, the Board of Directors approved a 3-for-1 forward stock split. Accordingly, all share and per share amounts have
been retroactively adjusted in the accompanying financial statements.  

On
July 30, 2009, Novo Energies Corporation ( Novo ) formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, WTL Renewable Energy, Inc. ( WTL ).
WTL was established as a Canadian Federal Corporation whose business is to initially research available technologies capable of
transforming plastic and tires into useful energy commodities. Simultaneously, WTL also intended to plan, build, own, and operate
renewable energy plants throughout Canada utilizing a third party technology and using plastic and tire waste as feedstock. On
May 8, 2012, the name was changed to Immunovative Canada, Inc.  

On
May 17, 2011, Novo entered into an exclusive memorandum of understanding with Immunovative Clinical Research, Inc. ( ICRI ),
a Nevada corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Immunovative Therapies, Ltd. ( ITL ), an Israeli corporation pursuant
to which the Company and ICRI intended to pursue a merger resulting in Novo owning ICRI.  

In
April 2012, the Board of Directors approved the change of name to  Immunovative, Inc.  As described in a report filed
with the United States ( U.S. ) Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2012, a majority of shareholders executed
a written consent in lieu of an Annual Meeting (the  Written Consent ) effecting the change of the name of our business
from  Novo Energies Corporation  to  Immunovative, Inc.  on April 2, 2012 to better reflect what we then
intended to be our future operations. We filed an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation on April 30, 2012 with the Florida
Secretary of State to affect this name change after receiving the requisite corporate approval.  

On
January 8, 2013, the Company received from ITL, a notice by which ITL purported to terminate the License Agreement dated December
9, 2011 between the Company and ITL (the  ITL Notice ), along with alleged damages. It is the Company s position
that ITL breached the License Agreement by delivering the ITL Notice and, that prior to the ITL Notice, the License Agreement
was in full force and, on January 17, 2013 and that the Company had complied in all material respect with the License Agreement
therefore the Company believes that there are no damages to ITL. As such, on January 17, 2013, the Company filed a lawsuit against
ITL, which included the request for various injunctive relief against ITL for damages stemming from this breach.  

On
February 19, 2013, the Company and ITL entered into a settlement agreement whereby the parties have agreed to the following: (1)
the Company will submit a letter to the Court advising the Court that the parties have reached a settlement and that the Company
is withdrawing its motion, (2) ITL will pay the Company $20,000, (3) ITL will issue to the Company, ITL s share capital
equivalent to 9% of the issued and outstanding shares of ITL (3,280,000), (4) the Company will change its name and (5) the settling
parties agree that the license agreement will be terminated. The Company had valued these shares at $0 since they deemed the investment
to be worthless. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company sold the 3,280,000 shares for $125,000 which is
recorded in the consolidated statements of operations.  

On
March 13, 2013, the Board of Directors approved the change of name to  Tauriga Sciences, Inc.  from  Immunovative,
Inc.  We filed an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation on March 13, 2013 with the Florida Secretary of State to affect
this name change after receiving the requisite corporate approval. The Company s symbol change to  TAUG  was
approved by FINRA effective April 9, 2013.  

On
May 31, 2013, the Company signed an exclusive North American license agreement with Green Innovations, Inc. ( Green Innovations )
for the commercialization of Bamboo-Based  100% Tree Free  products including hospital grade biodegradable disinfectant
wipes. This 5-year license agreement functioned such that profits were to be split equally between Tauriga and Green Innovations.
In consideration for such agreement Tauriga agreed to pay Green Innovations $250,000 USD and 4,347,826 shares of TAUG common stock.
Tauriga received 625,000 shares of Green Innovations common stock as well. The agreement was later amended and completed for the
following consideration: Tauriga paid Green Innovations a total of $143,730 USD and an additional 2,500,000 shares of TAUG common
stock (for an aggregate share issuance of 6,847,826 shares). As of March 31, 2016, Tauriga has not generated any revenues from
the license agreement. This agreement expires on June 1, 2018.  

On
October 29, 2013 the Company entered into a Strategic Alliance with Synthetic Biology Pioneer Bacterial Robotics LLC to Develop
and Commercialize Industry Specific Bacterial Robots  BactoBots . Under terms of the Agreement the companies will
jointly develop a nuclear industry-specific Bacterial Robot ( BactoBots(TM) ). BactoBots are ubiquitous microscopic
robots applicable to therapeutics, wastewater, and chemicals. Specifically, Bacterial Robotics owns a family of intellectual property
beginning with U.S Patent # 8,354,267 B2 that relates generally to genetically enhanced bacteria that conduct specific functions.
Bacterial Robotics initial focus with Tauriga is developing a proprietary BactoBot to remediate wastewater generated by nuclear
energy production.  On July 15, 2016, the Company was notified by its patent attorney, that
the maintenance fee is due in the issue of US Patent # 8,354,267. The final deadline to pay the fee to avoid abandonment is January
15, 2017. If the Company does not make this payment it will lose the patent permanently.   

On
November 25, 2013, the Company entered a definitive agreement to acquire Cincinnati, Ohio based Pilus Energy LLC ( Pilus
Energy ), a developer of alternative cleantech energy platforms using proprietary microbial solutions that creates electricity
while consuming polluting molecules from wastewater. Upon consummation of the proposed transaction, which has been unanimously
ratified by Tauriga s board of directors, Pilus Energy will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tauriga. In addition, certain
advisors of Pilus Energy will be incorporated into the existing management team of Tauriga and will report directly to the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Stella M. Sung. A total of $100,000 was paid by Tauriga to Bacterial Robotics in connection with
the execution of this November 2013 definitive agreement for the acquisition of Pilus Energy.  

On
January 28, 2014, the Company completed the acquisition of Cincinnati, Ohio based synthetic biology pioneer Pilus Energy LLC ( Pilus
Energy ). Structurally Pilus Energy will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Tauriga (pursuant to the terms of the definitive
agreement) and will maintain its headquarters location in the State of Ohio. The management of Pilus Energy will report directly
to both the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) of Tauriga with the expectation
that at least one board seat of Tauriga will be allocated to a Pilus Energy affiliate. The Board of Directors of Tauriga Sciences
unanimously approved both the previously announced definitive merger agreement on October 25, 2013 as well as the completion of
the acquisition inclusive of amended closing terms. In consideration for early closing of this acquisition, shareholders of Pilus
Energy received 100,000,000 shares of Tauriga Sciences, Inc. common stock.  

Both
management teams are highly confident that the capital and liquidity needs will be sufficiently met through commitments from existing
institutional investors and progress in non-dilutive funding initiatives (i.e., grants, low interest loans). The main benefits
in accelerating the closing of this acquisition are to enhance Tauriga s access to capital markets and enable the intrinsic
value of Pilus Energy s technology to be realized sooner through demonstrable progress in the commercialization process.
Pilus Energy utilizes a proprietary clean technology to convert industrial customer  wastewater  into value. This
wastewater-to-value ( WTV ) proposition provides customers with substantial revenue-generating and cost-saving opportunities.
Pilus Energy is converging digester, fermenter, scrubber, and other proven legacy technologies into a single scalable Electrogenic
Bioreactor ( EBR ) platform. This transformative microbial fuel cell technology is the basis of the Pilus Cell(TM).
The EBR harnesses genetically enhanced bacteria, also known as bacterial robots, or BactoBots(TM), that remediate water, harvest
direct current (DC) electricity, and produce economically important gases and chemicals. The EBR accomplishes this through bacterial
metabolism, specifically cellular respiration of nearly four hundred carbon and nitrogen molecules typically called pollutants
in wastewater. Pilus Energy s highly metabolic bacteria are non-pathogenic. Because of the mediated biofilm formation, these
wastewater-to-value BactoBots(TM) resist heavy metal poisoning, swings of pH, and survive in a 4-to-45-degree Celsius temperature
range. Additionally, the BactoBots(TM) are anaerobically and aerobically active, even with low biological oxygen demand ( BOD )
and chemical oxygen demand ( COD ).  

On
March 10, 2014, the Company entered into a definitive agreement ( definitive ) to acquire California based Honeywood
LLC, developer of a topical medicinal cannabis product (Therapeutic Cream) that currently sells in numerous dispensaries across
the state of California. This definitive agreement is valid for a period of 120 days and Tauriga advanced to Honeywood $217,000
USD to be applied towards the final closing requisite cash total and incurred $178,000 in legal fees as of March 31, 2014 in connection
with the acquisition.  

On
March 26, 2014, the Company announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Pilus Energy LLC ( Pilus Energy ) has commenced
a five-phase, $1,700,000 USD commercial pilot test ( commercial pilot ) with the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ),
utilizing Chicago Bridge   Iron Co. (NYSE:CBI) ( CB I ) Federal Services serving as the third-party-contractor
through the EPA s Test and Evaluation ( T E ) facility. This five phase commercial pilot will include significant
testing of the Pilus Energy Electrogenic Bioreactor ( EBR ) synthetic biology platform for generating value from wastewater.
This commercial pilot is of great importance to the Company, because it represents the scale up from the benchtop (laboratory)
scale to commercial (industrial) scale. The Metropolitan Sewer District of Greater Cincinnati ( MSDGR ), which is
co-located with EPA s T E facility, will host the commercial scale EBR prototype at its main treatment plant in Cincinnati.  

On
July 15, 2014 the Company completed its acquisition of Honeywood pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger, as
amended by Amendment No.1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 15, 2014 (collectively, the  Merger Agreement )
by and among the Company, Doc Greene s Acquisition Sub, LLC, a limited liability company ( Honeywood Acquiror ),
Honeywood, Elie Green ( Green ), Daniel Kosmal ( Kosmal ) and Ramona Rubin ( Rubin  and, collectively
with Green and Kosmal, the  Honeywood Principals ). As contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Honeywood Acquiror merged
with and into Honeywood, with Honeywood being the surviving entity and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the
 Merger ). In connection with the closing of the Merger, the Company, Honeywood and each of the Honeywood Principals
entered a Standstill Agreement (the  Standstill Agreement ) in which Honeywood and the Honeywood Principals agreed
to restrictions on acquisition of additional Company capital stock and transactions involving the Company and each Honeywood Principal
entered into an employment agreement with Honeywood (collectively, the  Employment Agreements ). A description of
the Merger was contained in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2014.  

On
September 24, 2014 (the  Unwinding Date ), the Company, Honeywood and each of the Honeywood Principals entered into
a Termination Agreement (the  Termination Agreement ) to unwind the effects of the Merger (the  Unwinding Transaction ).
Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Merger Agreement, the Standstill Agreement and the Employment Agreements were all terminated.
As required by the Termination Agreement, on the Unwinding Date the Company entered into an Assignment of Interest (the  Assignment
of Interest ) pursuant to which it conveyed its membership interest in Honeywood to the Honeywood Principals, as a result
of which Honeywood ceased to be owned by the Company and became owned again by the Honeywood Principals.  

In
the Termination Agreement, the Honeywood Principals relinquished their right to any merger consideration pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, including the right to any shares of capital stock of the Company (which had never been formally issued or delivered),
and agreed that all indicia of any Company shares issuable as merger consideration reflected on the transfer books of the Company,
if any, would be cancelled without any further action by the Honeywood Principals. The shares of the Company that would have been
issuable as merger consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement if the Unwinding Transaction had not been consummated consisted
of: (i) shares of the Company s common stock representing approximately 15.457% of the Company s outstanding common
stock as of the Merger (109,414,235 shares) payable to the Honeywood Principals, (ii) 18,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock payable to a consultant of Honeywood, and (iii) additional shares of the Company s common stock representing
up to 10% of the Company s outstanding common as of the Merger payable to the Honeywood Principals as an earn-out upon the
achievement of certain milestones. Because of the Unwinding Transaction, none of the foregoing shares will be issued by the Company
and the stockholders of the Company will not experience the dilution that would have resulted from such issuance.  

In
accordance with the Termination Agreement, Honeywood agreed to repay to the Company substantially all of the advances made by
the Company to Honeywood prior to and after the Merger by delivering to the Company on the Unwinding Date a Secured Promissory
Note in the principal amount of $170,000 (the  Note ). The Note bears interest at 6% per annum and is repayable in
six quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter starting on March 31, 2015 and ending on June 30, 2016. The
Note is secured by a blanket security interest in Honeywood s assets pursuant to a Security Agreement entered into on the
Unwinding Date between Honeywood and the Company (the  Security Agreement ).  

The
Termination Agreement contains a general release and covenant not to sue pursuant to which the Company, Honeywood and the Honeywood
Principals released, and agreed not to sue with respect to, any and all rights they have against each other through the Unwinding
Date except for their respective rights under the Termination Agreement, the Assignment of Interest, the Note, the Security Agreement,
the License Agreement and the Release and Covenant Not to Sue dated July 15, 2014 entered into in connection with the closing
of the Merger. The Termination Agreement also contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, including covenants
regarding confidentiality and non-disparagement.  

On
July 9, 2015, Dr. Sung submitted her resignation as a member of the Company s BOD and as CEO and CFO of the Company. Simultaneously
with Dr. Sung s resignation, the BOD appointed Seth M. Shaw as the Chairman of the BOD and the Company s new CEO.  

Delisting
from the OTCQB Exchange    

On
July 31, 2015, shares of the Company were delisted from the OTCQB Exchange to OTC Pink Limited Information Tier. On July 23, 2015
(via the PCAOB Public Censure), the Company became aware that the Company s predecessor audit firm, Cowan, Gunteski  
Co P.A. (the  Predecessor Audit Firm ) violated Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Regulation
SX, Rule 2-01 as well as certain standards with respect to the PCAOB independence rules with respect to the Predecessor Audit
Firm s audit report with respect to the Company year ended March 31, 2014 financial statements (the  Order ).
Specifically, the Predecessor Audit Firm failed to adhere to the SEC regulations with respect to the partner rotation rules.  

These
rules require that the engagement partner as well as the quality concurring reviewer must be rotated off of the engagement for
5 years (cooling off period) after engaged in those roles for a period of 5 years. The Predecessor Audit Firm did not do this.  

As
a result of the non-compliance with the SEC regulations, on the morning of Thursday, July 30, 2015, the Company petitioned the
OTC Markets in writing to extend the existing seven day OTCQB listing extension by a total of 60 additional days until close of
business October 5, 2015. The OTC Markets panel denied the request and notified the Company it would be moved from the OTCQB to
the OTC Pink Limited Information category effective at market open Friday July 31, 2015.  

Mediation
with Predecessor Audit Firm commenced on February 3, 2016. During these efforts, the Company had been offered settlement amounts,
but none that have been satisfactory.  

On
March 22, 2016 the Company decided that its good faith efforts to settle its ongoing litigation with Cowan Gunteski   Co.
P.A. have proven unsuccessful. Therefore, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously agreed to proceed to trial. The case
is expected to proceed in Federal District Court   Southern District Florida (Miami, Florida) with an expectation that the
venue will be challenged. The Company is continuing to seek the assistance of independent experts, to help ascribe dollar amounts
for certain damages suffered by the Company ( provable damages ). At this point in time, the Company has realized
out of pocket cash losses and debts (inclusive of liquidated damages) that exceed $850,000. Additional potential damages include
but are not limited to: inability to properly maintain Pilus Energy s Intellectual Property ( Pilus IP ), the
July 31, 2015 delisting of the Company shares from OTCQB to Pink Sheets, loss of market capitalization ( market cap ),
loss of trading liquidity ( trading volume ), and loss of substantial business opportunities. In aggregate the Company
intends to seek monetary award(s), during trial, in excess of $4,000,000. That figure is expected to continually increase
as additional time lapses.  

On
May 10, 2016, the Company was notified of an Order Reopening Case, Scheduling Order for Pretrial Conference set for December 7,
2016 before Judge Robin L. Rosenberg, Trial set for January 23, 2017 in West Palm Beach Division, and a Calendar Call set for
January 18, 2017.  

On
September 26, 2016, a motion was filed requesting that the trial date be moved from the current scheduled date of January 23,
2017 to July 24, 2017 (6-months.) The Company must respond to this motion no later than October 14, 2016.  

On
September 29, 2016, the judge presiding over the case approved the ruled on the two outstanding motions filed on June 13, 2016.
The motion to transfer the case to United States District Court for the District of New Jersey was approved, however the judge
denied the defendants  motion to dismiss the lawsuit. Depositions have commenced in this case.  

SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS   

Common
Stock Issuances    

Subsequent
to March 31, 2016, the Company issued additional shares of common stock as follows: (i) 61,500,000 shares to consultants and board
members (ii) 19,300,000 shares issued as commitment shares to the holder of a convertible note (iii) 27,875,000 shares issued
via private placement and (iv) 33,900,000 shares in conversion of convertible notes.  

Private
Placement   April 18, 2016    

On
April 18, 2016, the Company completed an equity private placement for $105,500 to date comprised of accredited individual investors
as well as one institutional investor. The terms of this private placement are as follows: $0.004 per share of common stock with
a related three-year warrant for 40% of each share of common stock purchased at an exercise price of $0.01 per share. The warrants
require the investors to pay cash to exercise the warrants and do not allow for cashless exercise. All shares to be issued will
be  restricted securities  as such term is defined by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company collected
$7,500 of this in March 2016, and the remaining funds in April 2016 at the time the shares and warrants were issued. The $7,500
is included in the liability for stock to be issued as of March 31, 2016.  

The
proceeds from this private placement will be used for working capital purposes, most specifically to fund the Company s
ongoing litigation against Cowan Gunteski Co. P.A., and settle some outstanding obligations and establish new business opportunities
for the Company.  

Private Placement   June 27, 2016   

On June 27, 2016, the Company completed
an additional $194,000 USD in equity private placement financing from six accredited individual investors. The terms of this private
placement are as follows: $0.004 per share of common stock with a related three-year warrant for 40% of each share of common stock
purchased and an exercise price of $0.01 per share. The warrants require the investors to pay cash to exercise the warrants
and do not allow for cashless exercise. For example, an investor who invested $10,000 USD in this financing round received
2,500,000 shares of common stock and the 1,000,000 warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 for
a period of three years. The Company received funds for 48,500,000 shares of common stock at $0.004 per share (of which 47,000,000
shares are pending issuance) and warrants for an additional 19,400,000 shares of common stock as part of the financing. All
shares issued and to be issued will be  restricted securities  as such term is defined by the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

Lawsuit
Filed Against Cowan Gunteski   Co. PA    

On
November 4, 2015, the Company filed a lawsuit against its predecessor audit firm Cowan Gunteski   Co. PA in Federal Court
  Southern District Florida (Miami, Florida) entitled  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. v. Cowan, Gunteski   Co., P.A.
et al , Case No. 0:15-cv-62334. The case has since been transferred to the United States District Court for the District
of New Jersey. The case alleges, among other things, that Cowan Gunteski committed malpractice with respect to the audit of
the Company s FY 2014 financial statements (as illustrated in the PCAOB Public Censure of July 23, 2015) and then misrepresented
to the Company with respect about its ability to re-issue an independent opinion for FY 2014 financial statements. On July 31,
2015, the Company was delisted from the OTCQB Exchange to the OTC Pink Limited Information Tier due to its inability to file its
FY 2015 Form 10K. The lawsuit was expected by the Company and its counsel to take up to 18 months to complete, from the date it
was filed (November 4, 2015).  

The
Company in its lawsuit seeks damages against Cowan Gunteski (and its malpractice insurance policy) exceeding $4,000,000.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in this lawsuit.  

Subsequent
to the filing of the lawsuit, the Company was notified that the lawsuit was temporarily suspended so that the Company and Cowan
can attempt to mediate this case. On December 30, 2015, the Company was notified that Daniel F. Kolb was appointed as the mediator.  

Mediation
commenced on February 3, 2016. During these efforts, the Company had been offered settlement amounts, but none that have been
satisfactory.  

On
March 22, 2016 the Company decided that its good faith efforts to settle its ongoing litigation with Cowan Gunteski   Co.
P.A. have proven unsuccessful. Therefore, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously agreed to proceed to trial. The case
is expected to proceed in Federal District Court   Southern District Florida (Miami, Florida) with an expectation that the
venue will be challenged. The Company is continuing to seek the assistance of independent experts, to help ascribe dollar amounts
for certain damages suffered by the Company ( provable damages ). At this point in time, the Company has realized
out of pocket cash losses and debts (inclusive of liquidated damages) that exceed $850,000. Additional potential damages include
but are not limited to: inability to properly maintain Pilus Energy s Intellectual Property ( Pilus IP ), the
July 31, 2015 delisting of the Company shares from OTCQB to Pink Sheets, loss of market capitalization ( market cap ),
loss of trading liquidity ( trading volume ), and loss of substantial business opportunities. In aggregate the Company
intends to seek monetary award(s), during trial, in excess of $4,000,000. That figure is expected to continually increase
as additional time lapses.  

On
May 10, 2016, the Company was notified of an Order Reopening Case, Scheduling Order for Pretrial Conference set for December 7,
2016 before Judge Robin L. Rosenberg, Trial set for January 23, 2017 in West Palm Beach Division, and a Calendar Call set for
January 18, 2017.  

On
September 26, 2016, a motion was filed requesting that the trial date be moved from the current scheduled date of January 23,
2017 to July 24, 2017 (6-months.) The Company must respond to this motion no later than October 14, 2016.  

On
September 29, 2016, the judge presiding over the case approved the ruled on the two outstanding motions filed on June 13, 2016.
The motion to transfer the case to United States District Court for the District of New Jersey was approved, however the judge
denied the defendants  motion to dismiss the lawsuit. Depositions have commenced in this case.  

Convertible
Notes Payable    

Group
10 Holdings LLC  

On
August 3, 2016, the Company entered into a $48,000 convertible debenture with OID in the amount of $8,000 with Group 10 Holdings
LLC. Along with this note, 8,000,000 commitment shares must be issued to the holder within 15 days or an event of default will
have occurred (shares were issued on August 4, 2016), earned in full upon purchase of the debenture. This debenture bears 12%
interest per annum with a default interest rate of the lesser of 18% or the or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law,
effective as of the issuance date of this debenture ( default interest rate .) If any event of default occurs, the
outstanding principal amount of this debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in
respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at holder s election, immediately due and payable in cash
in the sum of (a) one hundred eighteen percent (118%) of the outstanding principal amount of this debenture plus one hundred percent
(100%) of accrued and unpaid interest thereon and (b) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect
of this debenture ( mandatory default amount ). After the occurrence of any event of default, the interest rate on
this debenture shall accrue at an interest rate equal the default interest rate.  

Subject
to the approval of holder for prepayments after one hundred eighty (180) days, borrower may prepay in cash all or any portion
of the principal amount of this debenture and accrued interest thereon, with a premium, as set forth below (each a  prepayment
premium ), upon ten (10) business days  prior written notice to holder. Holder shall have the right to convert all
or any portion of the principal amount and accrued interest thereon during such ten (10) business day notice period. The amount
of each prepayment premium shall be as follows: (a) one hundred forty-five percent (145%) of the prepayment amount if such prepayment
is made at any time from the issuance date until the maturity date.  

The
holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time after the issuance date and until the maturity date, or thereafter
during an event of default, to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount, accrued interest and fees due and
payable thereon into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of borrower at the conversion price, (the  conversion
shares ) which shall mean the lesser of (a) sixty percent (60%) multiplied by the lowest closing price during the thirty-five
(35) trading days prior to the notice of conversion is given (which represents a discount rate of forty percent (40%)) or (b)
one-half of a penny ($0.005.)  

If
the market capitalization of the borrower is less than two million dollars ($2,000,000) on the day immediately prior to the date
of the notice of conversion, then the conversion price shall be twenty-five percent (25%) multiplied by the lowest closing price
during the thirty-five (35) trading days prior to the date a notice of conversion is given (which represents a discount rate of
seventy-five percent (75%)). Additionally, if the closing price of the borrower s common stock on the day immediately prior
to the date of the notice of conversion is less than two-tenths of a penny ($0.002) then the conversion price shall be twenty-five
percent (25%) multiplied by the lowest closing price during the thirty-five (35) trading days prior to a notice of conversion
is given (which represents a discount rate of seventy-five percent (75%)).  

The
note also contains a most favored nations status provision whereby the borrower or any of its subsidiaries issue any security
(in an amount under one million dollars ($1,000,000)) with any term more favorable to the holder such more favorable term, at
holder s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with holder.  

At
all times during which this debenture is outstanding, borrower shall reserve and keep available from its authorized and unissued
shares of common stock (the  share reserve ) for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this debenture and
payment of interest on this debenture, free from preemptive rights or any other actual or contingent purchase rights of persons
other than holder, not less than five times the aggregate number of shares of the commons stock that shall be issuable the conversion
of the outstanding principal amount of this debenture and payment of interest hereunder. Initially, the share reserve shall be
equal to one hundred fifty million (150,000,000) shares. The holder may request bi-monthly increases to reserve such amounts based
on a conversion price equal to the lowest closing price during the preceding thirty-five (35) day. Borrower agrees that it will
take all such reasonable actions as may be necessary to assure that the conversion shares may be issued. Borrower agrees to provide
holder with confirmation evidencing the execution of such share reservation within fifteen (15) business days from the issuance
date.  

Holder
may provide the transfer agent with written instructions to increase the share reserve in accordance therewith in the event of:
(a) closing price of borrower s common stock is less than $0.002 for three (3) consecutive trading days; or (b) borrower s
issued and outstanding shares of common stock is greater than seventy of their authorized shares. Then the share reserve shall
increase to the number of shares of common stock equal to the five (5) times the value of the outstanding principal amount plus
accrued interest.  

Further,
as part of the terms of this note the Company agrees that it will not incur further indebtedness other than (a) lease obligations
and purchase money indebtedness of up to one hundred thousand dollars, in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition
of capital assets and lease obligations with respect to newly acquired or leased assets, (c) indebtedness that (i) is expressly
subordinate to this debenture pursuant to a written subordination agreement with holder that is acceptable to holder in its sole
and absolute discretion and (ii) matures at a date sixty (60) days later than the maturity date, (d) trade payables and other
accounts payable of borrower incurred in the ordinary course of business in accordance with GAAP and not evidenced by a promissory
note or other security, and (e) indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth on the Balance Sheet dated September 30,
2015, provided that (x) the terms of such indebtedness are not changed from the terms in effect as of the most recent balance
sheet date, and (y) any such indebtedness which is for borrowed money is not due and payable until after August 3, 2017.  

COMPARISON
OF THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2016 TO THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2015   

Results
of Operations   

Revenue.
 We are currently developing our business and as a result we have not developed a material or consistent pattern of revenue
generation. For the year ended March 31, 2016, we generated revenue and gross profit of $51,062 and $14,472, respectively, compared
to $96,161 and $54,359 for the year ended March 31, 2015, as reflected in discontinued operations.  

The
revenue was generated from our natural wellness cannabis compliment line launched in August of 2014, which as noted above was
discontinued in August 2015. Additionally, the Company is continuing its efforts to commercialize Pilus Energy, although there
can be no guaranty such efforts will result in material revenue production.  

Operating
Expenses:   

General
and Administrative Expenses   

For
the year ended March 31, 2016, general and administrative expenses were $2,027,663 ($749,811 related to stock-based compensation)
compared to $3,704,345 ($2,176,163 related to stock-based compensation) for the same period in 2015. This decrease of $1,676,712
was primarily attributable to a decrease in stock-based compensation.  

Other   

For
the year ended March 31, 2015, we incurred a charge of $175,100 for the impairment of a note receivable as well as an additional
charge of $100,000 relating to additional impairments of license agreements.  

Net
Loss.  We generated net losses of $2,569,153 for the year ended March 31, 2016 compared to $5,088,956 for the same period in
2015.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

General.
 At March 31, 2016, we had no cash and cash equivalents compared to the prior year of $209,098. We have historically met our
cash needs through a combination of proceeds from private placements of our securities, loans and convertible notes. Our cash
requirements are generally for selling, general and administrative activities. We believe that our cash balance is not sufficient
to finance our cash requirements for expected operational activities, capital improvements, and partial repayment of debt through
the next 12 months.  

Our
operating activities used cash of $395,536 for the year ended March 31, 2016, and we used cash in operations of $1,844,519 during
the same period in 2015. The principal elements of cash flow from operations for the year ended March 31, 2016 included our net
loss of $2,569,153, offset by stock-based compensation of $749,811, share liability of $305,500 and common stock issued for services
for $950,750.  

Cash
provided by investing activities during the year ended March 31, 2016 was $2,515 compared to $40,251 used during the same period
in 2014. The difference was primarily due to purchases of equipment ($11,956) and deferred acquisition costs ($28,295) compared
to net proceeds from disposal of the Natural Wellness business line $1,243 in the year ended March 31, 2016.  

Cash
used in our financing activities was $184,500 for the year ended March 31, 2016, compared to cash generated of $1,229,167 during
the comparable period in 2015. This difference was primarily attributed to proceeds from the sale of common stock in the amount
of $1,118,500, which was offset by the increase in proceeds from a warrant exercise of $250,000.  

As
of March 31, 2016, current liabilities exceeded our current assets by $2,301,840. Current assets decreased from $333,355 at March
31, 2015 to $3,250 at March 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in cash ($209,098) and a decrease
in inventory ($90,987) reflected in assets of discontinued operations. Current liabilities increased from $1,678,713 at March
31, 2015 to $2,305,090 at March 31, 2016. The increase in liabilities was primarily attributable to increases in derivative liability
($580,577) and notes payable to individuals and companies ($205,000.)  

Going
Concern   

As
indicated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred net operating losses of $2,569,153 and
$5,088,956 for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Management s plans include the raising of capital
through equity markets to fund future operations and cultivating new license agreements or acquiring ownership in technology companies.
Failure to raise adequate capital and generate adequate sales revenues could result in the Company having to curtail or cease
operations. Additionally, even if the Company does raise sufficient capital to support its operating expenses, acquire new license
agreements or ownership interests and generate adequate revenues, there can be no assurances that the revenues will be sufficient
to enable it to develop business to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations. These matters raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. However, the accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery
of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.  

Contractual
Obligations   

Not
Applicable  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

As
of March 31, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
March 2016, the FASB issues ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) , or ASU No. 2016-09.
The amendments of ASU No. 2016-09 were issues as part of the FASB s simplification initiative focused on improving areas
of GAAP for which cost and complexity may be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of information disclosed within
the financial statements. The amendments focused on simplification specifically with regard to share-based payment transactions,
including income tax consequences, classification of awards as equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash
flows. The guidance in ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company will evaluate the effect of ASU 2016-09 for future periods as applicable.  

In
February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying
leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase
by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or
on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability
for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less
will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases. The new guidance will be effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period and is applied retrospectively.
Early adoption is permitted. We are currently in the process of assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on
the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going
Concern  ( ASU No. 2014-15 ). The provisions of ASU No. 2014-15 require management to assess an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing
standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every
reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s
plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s
plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment
for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in
this ASU are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.
The Company is currently assessing the impact of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements
  Going Concern, that outlines management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about
a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The
amendment is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.
Early application is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated
financial statements.  

In
June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10,  Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting
Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation  (ASU 2014-10).
ASU 2014-10 removes all incremental financial reporting requirements regarding development-stage entities, including the removal
of Topic 915 from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In addition, ASU 2014-10 adds an example disclosure in Risks and
Uncertainties (Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that has not begun planned operations could provide information
about risks and uncertainties related to the company s current activities. ASU 2014-10 also removes an exception provided
to development-stage entities in Consolidations (Topic 810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity. Effective
with the first quarter of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, the presentation and disclosure requirements of Topic 915 will
no longer be required. The revisions to Consolidation (Topic 810) are effective the first quarter of our fiscal year ended March
31, 2017. The Company early adopted the provisions of ASU 2014-10 effective for the year ended March 31, 2015.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606) (ASU 2014-09), which
supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition , and most industry-specific
guidance. ASU 2014-09 is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to
obtain or fulfill a contract. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 will be applied using one of two retrospective methods. The effective
date will be the first quarter of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. We have not determined the potential effects on our consolidated
financial statements.  

There
are several other new accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB. Each of these pronouncements, as applicable, has
been or will be adopted by the Company. Management does not believe any of these accounting pronouncements has had or will have
a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or operating results.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

Stock-Based
Compensation   

The
Company accounts for Stock-Based Compensation under ASC 718  Compensation-Stock Compensation , which addresses the
accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services, with a primary focus on
transactions in which an entity obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions. ASC 718-10 requires measurement
of cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the
award (with limited exceptions). Incremental compensation costs arising from subsequent modifications of awards after the grant
date must be recognized.  

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation awards to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to
Non-Employees. Under ASC 505-50, the Company determines the fair value of the warrants or stock-based compensation awards granted
as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably
measurable. Any stock options or warrants issued to non-employees are recorded in expense and an offset to additional paid-in
capital in shareholders  equity/(deficit) over the applicable service periods using variable accounting through the vesting
dates based on the fair value of the options or warrants at the end of each period.  

The
Company issues stock to consultants for various services. The costs for these transactions are measured at the fair value of the
consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The value of
the common stock is measured at the earlier of (1) the date at which a firm commitment for performance by the counterparty to
earn the equity instruments is reached or (2) the date at which the counterparty s performance is complete. The Company
recognized consulting expense and a corresponding increase to additional paid-in-capital related to stock issued for services.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets   

Long-lived
assets, primarily fixed assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the assets might not be recoverable. The Company will perform a periodic assessment of assets for impairment in the
absence of such information or indicators. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline
in the observable market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or a significant
adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable. For long-lived
assets to be held and used, the Company would recognize an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable through
its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated
fair value.  

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   

As
the Company is a  smaller reporting company,  this item is inapplicable.  

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
     F-1    
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      F-2   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss   
      F-3   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      F-4   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (deficit)   
      F-5   
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      F-6   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

Board
of Directors and Stockholders  

  Tauriga
Sciences, Inc.  

  Danbury,
Connecticut  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (the  Company ) as of March 31,
2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders  deficit, and cash flows for
the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform an audit of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Tauriga Sciences, Inc. as of March 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its consolidated statements of operations, changes
in stockholders  deficit, and cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.  

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has sustained significant operating losses and needs
to obtain additional financing or restructure its current obligations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

  (IN
US$)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.   

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

  (IN
US$)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.   

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSDIARY  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (IN
US$)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.   

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT  

  For
the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.   

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

     NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
1   BASIS OF OPERATIONS   

Nature
of Business    

The
Company, prior to December 12, 2011, was involved in the business of exploiting new technologies for the production of clean energy.
The Company was then moving in the direction of a diversified biotechnology company. The mission of the Company is to evaluate
potential acquisition candidates operating in the life sciences technology space. The Company s revenue in fiscal 2016,
presented in discontinued operations, was generated from its natural wellness cannabis complement line launched in August 2014.  

The
Company s activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including failing to secure additional funding,
success in developing and marketing its products and the level of competition.  

In
May 2011, the Company had entered into an exclusive memorandum of understanding with Immunovative Therapies, Ltd. ( ITL )
(an Israeli company) whereby the Company would acquire a subsidiary of ITL. On December 12, 2011, the Company terminated this
memorandum of understanding and entered into a License Agreement (the  License Agreement ) with ITL, pursuant to which
the Company received an immediate exclusive and worldwide license to commercialize all the Licensed Products based on ITL s
current and future patents and a patent in-licensed from the University of Arizona. The license granted covers two experimental
products for the treatment of cancer in clinical development called AlloStim TM and Allo Vax TM ( Licensed Products ).
On May 8, 2012, the Company changed its name to Immunovative, Inc. to better reflect its new direction on the development and
commercialization of the next generation of immunotherapy treatments.  

On
January 8, 2013, the Company received from ITL, a notice by which ITL purported to terminate the License Agreement dated December
9, 2011 between the Company and ITL (the  ITL Notice ), along with alleged damages. It is the Company s position
that ITL breached the License Agreement by delivering the ITL Notice and, that prior to the ITL Notice, the License Agreement
was in full force and, on January 17, 2013, and that the Company had complied in all material respects with the License Agreement
and therefore the Company believes that there are no damages to ITL. As such, on January 17, 2013, the Company filed a lawsuit
against ITL, which included the request for various injunctive relief against ITL for damages stemming from this breach. On February
19, 2013, the Company and ITL entered into a settlement agreement whereby the parties have agreed to the following: (1) the Company
will submit a letter to the Court advising the Court that the parties have reached a settlement and that the Company is withdrawing
its motion, (2) ITL will pay the Company $20,000, (3) ITL will issue to the Company, ITL s share capital equivalent to 9%
of the issued and outstanding shares of ITL (3,280,000) (4) the Company will change its name and (5) the settling parties agree
that the license agreement will be terminated. The Company had valued these shares at $0 since they deemed the investment to be
worthless. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company sold the 3,280,000 shares for $125,000 which is recorded
in the consolidated statements of operations.  

On
March 13, 2013, the Company changed its name to Tauriga Sciences, Inc. to better reflect its new direction. The Company traded
under the symbol  TAUG  beginning April 9, 2013.  

On
May 31, 2013, the Company signed a Licensing Agreement with Green Hygienics, Inc. ( GHI ) to enable the Company, on
an exclusive basis for North America, to market and sell 100% tree-free, bamboo-based, biodegradable, hospital grade wipes, as
well as other similar products. The Company contracted to pay $250,000 for the licensing rights. In addition, the Company issued
4,347,826 shares of its common stock to GHI whereas GHI s parent company, Green Innovations Ltd. ( GNIN ) has
issued the Company 625,000 shares of common stock of GNIN, valued at $250,000. The Company paid $143,730 in cash to GHI and, in
lieu of the remaining $106,270 to be paid in cash the Company issued an additional 2,500,000 shares of its common stock for the
licensing rights. See Note 5.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
1   BASIS OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)   

On
October 29, 2013, the Company entered into a strategic alliance with Bacterial Robotics, LLC (Bacterial Robotics). Bacterial Robotics
owns certain patents and/or other intellectual property related to the development of genetically modified micro-organisms (GMOs)
and GMOs tailored to perform one or more specific functions, one such GMO being adopted to clean polluting molecules from nuclear
waste, such GMO being referred herein as the existing BactoBot Technology (the BR Technology). Bacterial Robotics is developing
a whitepaper to deliver to the Company for acceptance. Upon acceptance by the Company, the parties will form a strategic relationship
through the formation of a joint venture in which the Company will be the majority and controlling owner which will use the NuclearBot
Technology to further the growth of the nuclear wastewater treatment market. The intent is for Bacterial Robotics to issue a 10-year
license agreement. In connection with the strategic alliance agreement, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 75,000,000 shares
of its common stock valued at $1,100,000 and paid an additional $50,000 in cash. The Company fully impaired this as of March 31,
2014, as there was no value in the agreement, and the Company would not pursue any of the technology associated with the patents.  

On
November 25, 2013, the Company executed a definitive agreement to acquire Pilus Energy, LLC ( Pilus ), an Ohio limited
liability company and a developer of alternative cleantech energy platforms using proprietary microbial solutions that creates
electricity while consuming polluting molecules from wastewater. Pilus is converging digester, fermenter, scrubber, and other
proven technologies into a scalable Electrogenic Bioreactor ( EBR ) platform. This transformative technology is the
basis of the Pilus Cell . The EBR harnesses genetically enhanced bacteria, also known as bacterial robots, or BactoBots ,
that remediate water, harvest direct current ( DC ) electricity, and produce economically important gases. The EBR
accomplishes this through bacterial metabolism, specifically cellular respiration of nearly four hundred carbon and nitrogen molecules.
Pilus  highly metabolic bacteria are non-pathogenic. Because of the mediated biofilm formation, these wastewater-to-value
BactoBots resist heavy metal poisoning, swings of pH, and survive in a 4-to-45-degree Celsius temperature range. Additionally,
the BactoBots are anaerobically and aerobically active, even with low BOD/COD. On January 28, 2014, the acquisition was completed.
Pilus will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. As a condition of the acquisition, Pilus will get one seat on the board
of directors, and the shareholders of Pilus will receive a warrant to purchase 100,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company,
which represented a fair market value of approximately $2,000,000. In addition, the Company paid Bacterial Robotics, LLC ( BRLLC ),
formerly the parent company of Pilus, $50,000 on signing the memorandum of understanding and $50,000 at the time of closing. The
only asset Pilus had on its balance sheet at the time of the acquisition was a patent. The Company determined that the value of
the acquisition on January 28, 2014 would be equal to the value of cash paid to Pilus plus the value of the 100,000,000 warrants
they issued to acquire Pilus. Through March 31, 2014, the Company amortized the patent over its estimated useful life, then on
March 31, 2014, the Company conducted its annual impairment test and determined that the entire unamortized balance should be
impaired as the necessary funding to further develop the patent was not available at that time.  

On
March 10, 2014, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire California based Honeywood, LLC ( Honeywood ),
a developer of a tropical medicinal cannabis product which is a therapeutic cream that currently sells in numerous dispensaries
across the State of California. This definitive agreement was valid for a period of 120 days and the Company advanced to Honeywood
approximately $175,000 in cash and incurred legal fees and other costs of approximately $249,000 through September 24, 2014. The
Company wrote off all costs associated with this at March 31, 2014 and 2015 as the Company is not pursuing any operations that
Honeywood has the technology for.  

On
July 15, 2014, the Company completed its acquisition of California-based medicinal cannabis firm Honeywood LLC, the formulator
for Doc Green s topical cannabis cream and for other products. Under terms of the completed acquisition agreement, Honeywood
will operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The final acquisition terms result in stakeholders of Honeywood receiving
15.5% of Tauriga Sciences non-diluted shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to closing. Honeywood s principals
have the opportunity to collectively earn up to an additional aggregate equal to 10% of Tauriga s common stock outstanding
(utilizing the same initial Closing Date) upon achieving the following gross revenue based milestones: upon the generation and
receipt of $2,000,000 USD of gross revenues derived strictly from the sale and licensing of Honeywood s products, the three
Honeywood principals shall each be issued either restricted stock or stock options equal to 1.6666% shares of Common Stock of
Tauriga; upon the generation and receipt of an additional $2,000,000 USD ($4,000,000 USD total gross revenues by Honeywood), its
three principals shall each be issued an additional 1.6666% shares of Common Stock of Tauriga (each such additional issuance to
be set off the outstanding shares immediately prior to the Closing Date).  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
1   BASIS OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)   

In
connection with the Honeywood acquisition, the Company entered into employment agreements with three Honeywood executives effective
upon closing. The agreements are for a term of three years and provide for monthly payments of $7,000 each, an aggregate of $21,000,
and commissions based on new business generated, as defined in the agreements.  

On
September 24, 2014, the Company, Honeywood, and each of the Honeywood executives entered into an agreement to unwind the acquisition
and the transactions entered into therewith, including a refund of certain advances made by the Company to Honeywood. As a result,
the acquisition agreement and employment agreements with the Honeywood executives were terminated and Honeywood issued a secured
promissory note to the Company in the amount of $170,000. The note is to be paid, together with interest thereon of 6% from October
1, 2014, in six quarterly installments commencing on March 31, 2015 and ending on June 30, 2016. The promissory note is secured
by all of the assets of Honeywood, as defined in the security agreement. The Company and Honeywood also entered into a license
agreement (See Note 10). The initial payment pursuant to the promissory note of $33,462 was due March 31, 2015 and was never paid.
Based on the financial position of Honeywood, the Company believes that the potential legal costs to enforce its rights pursuant
to the terms of the promissory note will be in excess of any compensation it will potentially receive and has deemed the promissory
note worthless at March 31, 2015. An amount of $175,100, representing the principal balance of the note and accrued interest income
of $5,100 has been recorded as a charge to operations at March 31, 2015.  

Going
Concern    

As
indicated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred net operating losses of $2,569,153 and
$5,088,956 for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Management s plans include the raising of capital
through equity markets to fund future operations and cultivating new license agreements or acquiring ownership in technology companies.
Failure to raise adequate capital and generate adequate sales revenues could result in the Company having to curtail or cease
operations. Additionally, even if the Company does raise sufficient capital to support its operating expenses, acquire new license
agreements or ownership interests and generate adequate revenues, there can be no assurances that the revenues will be sufficient
to enable it to develop business to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations. These matters raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. However, the accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery
of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.  

NOTE
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Use
of Estimates    

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.  

Consolidated
Financial Statements    

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts and activities of Tauriga Sciences, Inc. and its wholly-owned Canadian
subsidiary, Tauriga Canada, Inc. All inter-company transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

Revenue
Recognition    

Revenue
is recognized when realized or realizable, and when the earnings process is complete, which is generally upon the shipment of
products.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

Foreign
Currency Translation    

Commencing
with the quarter ended June 30, 2012, the Company considers the U.S. dollar to be its functional currency. Prior to March 31,
2012, the Company considered the Canadian dollar to be its functional currency. Assets and liabilities were translated into U.S.
dollars at year-end exchange rates. Statement of operations amounts were translated using the average rate during the year. Gains
and losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements were included in accumulated other comprehensive gain
or loss, a separate component of stockholders  deficit.  

Cash
Equivalents    

For
purposes of reporting cash flows, cash equivalents include investment instruments purchased with an original maturity of three
months or less. At March 31, 2016, the Company had no cash at any financial institution which exceeded the total FDIC insurance
limit of $250,000. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of financial institutions, the Company evaluates at least annually
the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.  

Inventory    

Inventory
consisted of raw materials, production in progress and finished goods and is stated at the lower of cost or market determined
by the first-in, first-out method. The Company sold off all of its segments that had inventory during the year ended March 31,
2016.  

Property
and Equipment and Depreciation    

Property
and equipment is stated at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
assets. Routine maintenance, repairs and replacement costs are expensed as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life
of the assets are capitalized. When property and equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated
depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations.  

Intangible
Assets    

Intangible
assets consisted of licensing fees and a patent prior to being impaired which were stated at cost. Licenses were amortized over
the life of the agreement and patents were amortized over the remaining life of the patent at the date of acquisition.  

Net
Loss Per Common Share    

The
Company computes per share amounts in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) Topic 260  Earnings per Share  ( EPS ) which requires presentation of basic
and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is computed by dividing the income (loss) available to Common Stockholders by the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is based on the weighted-average number of shares of Common Stock
and Common Stock equivalents outstanding during the periods. A fully diluted calculation is not presented since the results would
be anti-dilutive.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

Stock-Based
Compensation    

The
Company accounts for Stock-Based Compensation under ASC 718  Compensation-Stock Compensation , which addresses the
accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services, with a primary focus on
transactions in which an entity obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions. ASC 718-10 requires measurement
of cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the
award (with limited exceptions). Incremental compensation costs arising from subsequent modifications of awards after the grant
date must be recognized.  

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation awards to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to
Non-Employees. Under ASC 505-50, the Company determines the fair value of the warrants or stock-based compensation awards granted
as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably
measurable. Any stock options or warrants issued to non-employees are recorded in expense and an offset to additional paid-in
capital in shareholders  equity/(deficit) over the applicable service periods using variable accounting through the vesting
dates based on the fair value of the options or warrants at the end of each period.  

The
Company issues stock to consultants for various services. The costs for these transactions are measured at the fair value of the
consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The value of
the common stock is measured at the earlier of (1) the date at which a firm commitment for performance by the counterparty to
earn the equity instruments is reached or (2) the date at which the counterparty s performance is complete. The Company
recognized consulting expense and a corresponding increase to additional paid-in-capital related to stock issued for services.  

Comprehensive
Income (Loss)    

The
Company has adopted ASC 220 effective January 1, 2012 which requires entities to report comprehensive income (loss) within a continuous
statement of comprehensive income.  

Comprehensive
income (loss) is a more inclusive financial reporting methodology that includes disclosure of information that historically has
not been recognized in the calculation of net income (loss).  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets    

Long-lived
assets, primarily fixed assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the assets might not be recoverable. The Company will perform a periodic assessment of assets for impairment in the
absence of such information or indicators. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline
in the observable market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or a significant
adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable. For long-lived
assets to be held and used, the Company would recognize an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable through
its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated
fair value.  

Research
and Development    

The
Company expenses research and development costs as incurred. Research and development costs were $0 and $78,883 in the years ended
March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

Fair
Value Measurements    

ASC
820 Fair Value Measurements defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting
principles, and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.  

The
following provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair value, grouped
into Levels 1 to 3 based on the degree to which fair value is observable:  

Level
1- fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted in active markets for identical assets or liabilities);  

Level
2- fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable
for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and  

Level
3- fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are
not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).  

Financial
instruments classified as Level 1 - quoted prices in active markets include cash.  

These
consolidated financial instruments are measured using management s best estimate of fair value, where the inputs into the
determination of fair value require significant management judgment to estimation. Valuations based on unobservable inputs are
highly subjective and require significant judgments. Changes in such judgments could have a material impact on fair value estimates.
In addition, since estimates are as of a specific point in time, they are susceptible to material near-term changes. Changes in
economic conditions may also dramatically affect the estimated fair values.  

Fair
value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as
of March 31, 2016 and 2015. The respective carrying value of certain financial instruments approximated their fair values due
to the short-term nature of these instruments. These financial instruments include cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses.  

Derivative
Financial Instruments    

Derivatives
are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. The conversion features of the convertible debentures are embedded
derivatives and are separately valued and accounted for on the consolidated balance sheet with changes in fair value recognized
during the period of change as a separate component of other income/expense. Fair values for exchange-traded securities and derivatives
are based on quoted market prices. The pricing model we use for determining fair value of our derivatives is the Monte Carlo Pricing
Model. Valuations derived from this model are subject to ongoing internal and external verification and review. The model uses
market-sourced inputs such as interest rates and stock price volatilities. Selection of these inputs involves management s
judgment and may impact net income. During the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company utilized an expected life ranging from 73
days to 365 days based upon the look-back period of its convertible debentures and notes and volatility in the of 125%. During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company utilized an expected life ranging from 66 days to 325 days based upon the look-back
period of its convertible debentures and notes and volatility in the range of 166% to 196%.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

NOTE
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

Income
Taxes     

Income
taxes are accounted for under the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, future tax liabilities
and assets are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the amounts reported in
the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Future tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted or substantially enacted income tax rates expected to apply when the asset is realized or the liability
settled. The effect of a change in income tax rates on future income tax liabilities and assets is recognized in income in the
period that the change occurs. Future income tax assets are recognized to the extent that they are considered more likely than
not to be realized.  

ASC
740  Income Taxes  clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial
statements. This standard requires a company to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained
upon examination based upon the technical merits of the position. If the more-likely-than-not threshold is met, a company must
measure the tax position to determine the amount to recognize in the financial statements.  

As
a result of the implementation of this standard, the Company performed a review of its material tax positions in accordance with
recognition and measurement standards established by ASC 740 and concluded that the tax position of the Company does not meet
the more-likely-than-not threshold as of March 31, 2016.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

In
March 2016, the FASB issues ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) , or ASU No. 2016-09.
The amendments of ASU No. 2016-09 were issues as part of the FASB s simplification initiative focused on improving areas
of GAAP for which cost and complexity may be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of information disclosed within
the financial statements. The amendments focused on simplification specifically with regard to share-based payment transactions,
including income tax consequences, classification of awards as equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash
flows. The guidance in ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company will evaluate the effect of ASU 2016-09 for future periods as applicable.  

In
February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying
leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase
by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or
on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability
for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less
will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases. The new guidance will be effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period and is applied retrospectively.
Early adoption is permitted. We are currently in the process of assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on
the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going
Concern  ( ASU No. 2014-15 ). The provisions of ASU No. 2014-15 require management to assess an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing
standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every
reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s
plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s
plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment
for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in
this ASU are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.
The Company is currently assessing the impact of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)    

In
August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements
  Going Concern, that outlines management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about
a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The
amendment is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.
Early application is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated
financial statements.  

In
June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10,  Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting
Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation  (ASU 2014-10).
ASU 2014-10 removes all incremental financial reporting requirements regarding development-stage entities, including the removal
of Topic 915 from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. In addition, ASU 2014-10 adds an example disclosure in Risks and
Uncertainties (Topic 275) to illustrate one way that an entity that has not begun planned operations could provide information
about risks and uncertainties related to the company s current activities. ASU 2014-10 also removes an exception provided
to development-stage entities in Consolidations (Topic 810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity. Effective
with the first quarter of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, the presentation and disclosure requirements of Topic 915 will
no longer be required. The revisions to Consolidation (Topic 810) are effective the first quarter of our fiscal year ended March
31, 2017. The Company early adopted the provisions of ASU 2014-10 effective for the year ended March 31, 2015.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606) (ASU 2014-09), which
supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition , and most industry-specific
guidance. ASU 2014-09 is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to
obtain or fulfill a contract. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 will be applied using one of two retrospective methods. The effective
date will be the first quarter of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. We have not determined the potential effects on our consolidated
financial statements.  

There
are several other new accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB. Each of these pronouncements, as applicable, has
been or will be adopted by the Company. Management does not believe any of these accounting pronouncements has had or will have
a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or operating results.  

Subsequent
Events     

In
accordance with ASC 855  Subsequent Events  the Company evaluated subsequent events after the balance sheet date.  

NOTE
3   DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS   

On
August 11, 2015 the Company formally divested (discontinued) its Natural Wellness Business. The business mainly consisted of a
CBD infused topical lotion called TopiCanna as well as a line of Cannabis Complement products that were intended to compliment
individuals who were consistently using medicinal cannabis related product. On August 11, 2015, the Company sold the balance of
its inventory of TopiCanna and Cannabis Complement products for a one-time cash payment of $20,462. As a result of the disposal
of this business, the Company reported a loss on disposal of $104,957. The charts below show income and loss as well as assets
and liabilities from discontinued operations for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
3   DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)   

NOTE
4   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT   

The
Company s property and equipment is as follows:  

Depreciation
expense in the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $9,832 and $9,529, respectively.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
5   INTANGIBLE ASSETS   

License
Agreements:  

Immunovative
Therapies, Ltd.   

On
December 12, 2011, the Company entered into a License Agreement (the  License Agreement ) with Immunovative Therapies,
Ltd., an Israeli Corporation ( ITL ), pursuant to which the Company received an immediate exclusive and worldwide
license to commercialize all product candidates (the  Licensed Products ) based on ITL s current and future
patents and a patent in-licensed from the University of Arizona. The license granted covers two experimental products for the
treatment of cancer in clinical development called AlloStim TM and Allo Vaz TM ( Licensed Products ).  

On
January 8, 2013, the Company received from ITL, a notice by which ITL purported to terminate the License Agreement dated December
9, 2011 between the Company and ITL (the  ITL Notice ), along with alleged damages. It is the Company s position
that ITL breached the License Agreement by delivering the ITL Notice and, that prior to the ITL Notice, the License Agreement
was in full force and, on January 17, 2013 and that the Company had complied in all material respect with the License Agreement
therefore the Company believes that there are no damages to ITL. As such, on January 17, 2013, the Company filed a lawsuit against
ITL, which included the request for various injunctive relief against ITL for damages stemming from this breach. On February 19,
2013, the Company and ITL entered into a settlement agreement whereby the parties have agreed to the following: (1) the Company
submitted a letter to the Court advising the Court that the parties had reached a settlement and that the Company is withdrawing
its motion, (2) ITL paid the Company $20,000, (3) ITL issued to the Company, ITL s share capital equivalent to 9% of the
issued and outstanding shares of ITL (3,280,000 shares), (4) the Company changed its name and (5) the settling parties agree that
the license agreement is terminated. No value has been assigned to the ITL shares received, as they are deemed to be worthless.
The Company, based upon its evaluation of the ITL financial statement, considered its investment in ITL to be impaired as the
ITL Company had negative net worth and the funds advanced were being utilized for research, development and testing. During the
year ended March 31, 2016, the Company sold the 3,280,000 shares for $125,000 which is recorded in the consolidated statements
of operations.  

Green
Hygienics, Inc.  

On
May 31, 2013, the Company executed a licensing agreement with GHI (see Notes 1 and 8). The Licensing Agreement with GHI will enable
the Company, on an exclusive basis for North America, to market and sell 100% tree-free, bamboo-based, biodegradable, hospital
grade wipes, as well as other similar products to commercial entities including medical facilities, schools, and more. The Company
agreed to pay $250,000 for the licensing rights. In addition, the Company issued 4,347,826 shares of its common stock to GHI whereas
GHI s parent company, Green Innovations Ltd. ( GNIN ) has issued the Company 625,000 shares of common stock
of GNIN, valued at $250,000. The terms of the Licensing Agreement provide for the equal recognition of profits between the Company
and GHI on the sales by the Company.  

The
Company has paid $143,730 of the $250,000 licensing fee in cash and issued 2,500,000 shares of its common stock in lieu of the
remaining $106,270. The Company was amortizing the licensing fee over the five-year life of the licensing agreement, and through
March 31, 2014 the accumulated amortization amounted to $34,911. At March 31, 2014, the Company determined not to pursue the marketability
for the related products and considered the remaining net value to be impaired, recording an impairment charge of $215,089.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
5   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)   

Bacterial
Robotics, LLC  

On
October 29, 2013, the Company entered into a strategic alliance agreement between the Company and Bacterial Robotics, LLC (the
Parties) to develop a relationship for the research and development of the NuclearBot Technology that will be marketed and monetized
pursuant to a Definitive Agreement. Accordingly, subject to the terms of this agreement, (a) Bacterial Robotics agreed to develop
a whitepaper which may be delivered as a readable electronic file, on the subject of utilizing the NuclearBot Technology in the
cleansing of nuclear wastewater created in the operation of a nuclear power plant (the  Whitepaper ), which Bacterial
Robotics shall deliver to the Company within ninety (90) days of the agreement, which may be extended upon mutual agreement based
upon unexpected complexities, and (b) the parties agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts in good faith to (1) identify
prospective pilot programs, projects and opportunities for the NuclearBot Technology for the Parties to strategically and jointly
pursue, (2) enter into a joint venture, in which the Company will be the majority and controlling owner, for the purpose of (A)
marketing and selling products and services utilizing the NuclearBot Technology, (B) sublicensing the NuclearBot Technology and
(C) owning all improvements to the NuclearBot Technology, and other inventions and intellectual property, jointly developed by
the Parties and (3) negotiate terms and conditions of Definitive Agreements. As consideration for the strategic alliance, the
Company issued a $25,000 deposit upon signing the agreement. Additionally, the Company issued a 5-year warrant for up to 75,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock with a value of $1,139,851 and an additional $25,000 in cash. The Company amortizes
the fee of $1,189,851 over the ten-year life of the licensing agreement, and through March 31, 2014 the accumulated amortization
amounted to $48,952. At March 31, 2014, the Company determined that it was not going to pursue the market nor invest additional
capital to fund the commercialization and accordingly, considered the remaining net value to be impaired recording an impairment
charge of $1,140,899.  

Breathe
Ecig Corp  

On
March 31, 2015, the Company entered into a license agreement with Breathe Ecig Corp. (which has subsequently changed its name
of White Fox Ventures, Inc.) ( Breathe ) whereby the Company issued 10,869,565 shares of its common stock, valued
at $100,000, to Breathe for certain licensing rights, as defined in the agreement. Amortization of the license fee will commence
on April 1, 2015 over the two-year term of the agreement (See Note 10). As Breathe is worthless as of the date of this report,
the Company has written off the entire $100,000 value as of March 31, 2015.  

License
agreements consist of the cost of license fees with Breathe Ecig Corp. ($100,000), Green Hygienics, Inc. ($250,000) and Bacterial
Robotics, LLC ($1,189,851) at March 31, 2016 and March 31, 2015. All licenses were fully impaired for the years ended March 31,
2016 and 2015. An analysis of the cost is as follows:  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

All
licensing fees were fully impaired as of March 31, 2015.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
5   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)   

Patents:  

Pilus
Energy, LLC   

The
Company, through the acquisition of Pilus Energy on January 28, 2014, acquired a patent to develop cleantech energy using proprietary
microbiological solution that creates electricity while consuming polluting molecules from wastewater. On July 15, 2016, the Company
was notified by its patent attorney, that the maintenance fee is due in the issue of US Patent # 8,354,267. The final deadline
to pay the fee to avoid abandonment is January 15, 2017. If the Company does not make this payment it will lose the patent permanently.  

The
cost of the patent and related amortization at March 31, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

NOTE
6   EMBEDDED DERIVATIVES   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   

The
Company entered into several financial instruments, which consist of notes payable, containing various conversion features. Generally,
the financial instruments are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock; at prices that are either marked to
the volume weighted average price of the Company s intended publicly traded stock or a static price determinative from the
financial instrument agreements. These prices may be at a significant discount to market determined by the volume weighted average
price once the Company completes its reverse acquisition with the intended publicly traded company. The Company for all intent
and purposes considers this discount to be fair market value as would be determined in an arm s length transaction with
a willing buyer.  

The
Company accounts for the fair value of the conversion feature in accordance with ASC 815-15,  Derivatives and Hedging; Embedded
Derivatives , which requires the Company to bifurcate and separately account for the conversion features as an embedded derivative
contained in the Company s convertible debt and original issue discount notes payable. The Company is required to carry
the embedded derivative on its balance sheet at fair value and account for any unrealized change in fair value as a component
in its results of operations. The Company valued the embedded derivatives using eight steps to determine fair value under ASC
820. (1) Identify the item to be valued and the unit of account. (2) Determine the principal or most advantageous market and the
relevant market participants. (3) Select the valuation premise to be used for asset measurements. (4) Consider the risk assumptions
applicable to liability measurements. (5) Identify available inputs. (6) Select the appropriate valuation technique(s). (7) Make
the measurement. (8) Determine amounts to be recognized and information to be disclosed.  

As
of March 31, 2015, the value of the derivative liability associated with the convertible notes was $90,000 associated with the
Class B warrants issued to Hanover Holdings I, LLC, as the warrants had been converted into shares of common stock during the
three months ended June 30, 2015. In the year ended March 31, 2016, as a result of the Union Note which contains an anti-rachet
clause, the Company recorded a derivative liability in the amount of $200,058 (as a result the entire note was discounted). In
the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company recognized a loss on the fair value of the derivative liability in the amount of $277,700
bringing the fair value of the derivative liability to $670,577.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
7   CONVERTIBLE NOTES AND NOTES PAYABLE    

Convertible
Notes Payable Institutions   

During
the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company entered into a number (approximately 30) of convertible note debentures and recorded
gross proceeds of $2,037,000 with interest rates ranging from 5% to 12%. All of the note agreements had conversion features which
allow the note holder to convert the debenture into common stock of the Company. The conversion price, which is discounted, was
based upon either the lowest trading price for a period ranging between 20 and 25 days prior to the date of the notice of conversion
or an average of the previous 20 to 25 days prior to conversion. Due to the variable characteristic of the notes, the Company
had concluded that a derivative liability existed at the date of issuance and accordingly had recorded a derivative liability
for each note. During the year ended March 31, 2015, 14 notes were converted to common stock and one was paid in cash and as of
March 31, 2015 there were no convertible notes outstanding and no derivative liability associated with any of the notes payable.
As of March 31, 2014, fifteen convertible notes were outstanding. The balance of the convertible notes at March 31, 2014 was $263,917.
The related derivative liability was $1,581,119 at March 31, 2014.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, 61,726,433 and shares of common shares, were issued to convert $1,497,594 in convertible notes,
derivative liabilities and accrued interest, respectively.  

Union
Capital, LLC  

On
May 28, 2015 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Union Purchase Agreement ) with Union
Capital, LLC ( Union ) for the purchase of a 7% Convertible Redeemable Note in the principal amount of $104,000 with
a maturity date of May 28, 2016 (the  Union Note ). The Company received gross proceeds of $100,000 under the Union
Note. The Company granted Union 12,500,000 shares of Company common stock for a commitment fee in consideration of the Union Note.
Pursuant to the terms of the Union Note, at any time Union may convert any principal and interest due to it at a 20% discount
to the lowest closing bid price of Company common stock for the five trading days prior to the conversion notice. Additionally,
the discount will be adjusted on a ratchet basis in the event the Company offers a more favorable discount rate or look-back period
to a third party during the term of the Union Note. Union will not be allowed to convert into shares of common stock that would
result in it beneficially owning more than 9.99% of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. The Company may prepay
the amounts under the Union Note as follows: (i) if prepaid within ninety days, the Company must pay a 15% premium on all principal
and interest outstanding and (ii) if prepaid after ninety days but before the one hundred and eighty-one day, the Company must
pay a 30% premium on all principal and interest outstanding. The Company intends to use its best efforts to repay the Union Note
within the first ninety days. The Company agreed to reserve 33,000,000 shares of its common stock to satisfy its obligations under
the Union Note. This reserve will be increased to three times the number of shares of common stock upon the approval of the Company s
stockholders of an increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock. The Company agreed to call a special meeting solely
for such purpose with fifteen days of the Union Note. The $104,000 remains outstanding at March 31, 2016 (reflected as a derivative
liability), and the $4,000 discount was expensed in the three months ended June 30, 2015.  

As
a provision of this note, the Company shall have its common stock delisted from a market (including the OTCQB marketplace) shall
be considered an event of default. As of July 15, 2015 with the Company s delisting from the OTCQB Exchange resulting for
failure to timely file the Company s annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) violating
Regulation SX, Rule 2-01 as a direct result of the Company not being able to obtain properly audited financial statements.  

Due
to the breach under common stock delisting from market the outstanding principal due under this note shall be increased by 50%.
The new principal balance of the note increased to $156,000 with accrued interest of $27,524.  

Upon
the event of default, interest shall accrue at a default interest rate of 24% per annum or, if such rate is usurious or not permitted
by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law. Additionally, in the event of a breach of deliver to the
holder the common stock without restrictive legend shall include the penalty of $250 per day should the shares are not issued
beginning on the 4 th  day after the conversion notice was delivered to the Company. This penalty shall increase to $500
per day beginning on the 10th day.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
7   CONVERTIBLE NOTES AND NOTES PAYABLE (CONTINUED)   

Group
10 Holdings LLC  

On
July 14, 2015, the Company entered into a $96,000 20% OID convertible debenture with Group 10 Holdings LLC. Along with this note,
15,000,000 commitment shares were issued to the holder, earned in full upon purchase of debenture. This note bears 12% interest
per annum with a default interest rate of the lesser of 18% or the or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law, effective
as of the issuance date of this debenture ( default interest rate .) If any event of default occurs, the outstanding
principal amount of this debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof
through the date of acceleration, shall become, at holder s election, immediately due and payable in cash in the sum of
(a) one hundred eighteen percent (118%) of the outstanding principal amount of this debenture plus one hundred percent (100%)
of accrued and unpaid interest thereon and (b) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this
debenture ( Mandatory Default Amount ). After the occurrence of any event of default, the interest rate on this debenture
shall accrue at an interest rate equal the default interest rate.  

Subject
to the approval of holder for prepayments after one hundred eighty (180) days, borrower may prepay in cash all or any portion
of the principal amount of this debenture and accrued interest thereon, with a premium, as set forth below ( prepayment
premium ), upon ten (10) business days prior written notice to holder. Holder shall have the right to convert all or any
portion of the principal amount and accrued interest thereon. The amount of each prepayment premium shall be as follows: (a) one
hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the prepayment amount if such prepayment is made at any time from the issuance date until
thirty (30) days thereafter; (b) one hundred thirty-five percent (135%) of the prepayment amount if such prepayment is made at
any time from thirty-one (31) days after the issuance date until one hundred seventy-nine (179) days after the issuance date;
and (c) one hundred forty-five percent (145%) of the prepayment amount if such prepayment is made at any time after one hundred
eighty (180) days from the issuance date.  

The
holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time after the issuance date and until the maturity date, or thereafter
during an event of default, to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount, accrued interest and fees due and
payable thereon into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of borrower at the conversion price, (the  conversion
shares ) which shall mean the lesser of (a) sixty percent (60%) multiplied by the lowest closing price as of the date a
notice of conversion is given (which represents a discount rate of forty percent (40%)) or (b) one half penny ($0.005).  

If
the market capitalization of the borrower is less than eight hundred thousand dollars ($800,000) on the day immediately prior
to the date of the notice of conversion, then the conversion price shall be twenty-five percent (25%) multiplied by the lowest
closing price as of the date a notice of conversion is given (which represents a discount rate of seventy-five percent (75%)).
Additionally, if the closing price of the borrower s common stock on the day immediately prior to the date of the notice
of conversion is less than $0.002 then the conversion price shall be twenty-five percent (25%) multiplied by the lowest closing
price as of the date a notice of conversion is given (which represents a discount rate of seventy-five percent (75%)).  

Borrower
agrees to pay late fees to holder for late issuance of such shares in the form required pursuant to convertible debenture agreement
upon conversion thereof, in the amount equal to one thousand dollars ($1,000) per business day after the delivery date.  

The
holder, shall reserve not less than five times the aggregate number of shares of the common stock that shall be issuable upon
the conversion of the outstanding principal amount of this debenture and payment of interest hereunder. Initially, the share reserve
shall be equal to two hundred million (200,000,000), and shall be adjusted by the transfer agent from time to time to comply with
the required reserve. The holder may request bi-monthly increases to reserve such amounts based on a conversion price equal to
the lowest closing price, as defined in the debenture, as of such date, by written instructions from the Holder to the Transfer
agent.  

The
note also contains a most favored nations status provision whereby the borrower or any of its subsidiaries issue any security
(in an amount under one million dollars ($1,000,000)) with any term more favorable to the holder such more favorable term, at
holder s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with holder.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
7   CONVERTIBLE NOTES AND NOTES PAYABLE (CONTINUED)   

Group
10 Holdings LLC (Continued)  

As
of July 15, 2015 with the Company s delisting from the OTCQB Exchange resulting for failure to timely file the Company s
annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) violating Regulation SX, Rule 2-01 as a direct result
of the Company not being able to obtain properly audited financial statements.  

Due
to the breach under common stock delisting from market the outstanding principal due under this note shall be increased by 18%.
The new principal balance of the note increased to $113,280 with accrued interest of $14,500.  

Convertible
Notes Payable to Individuals   

The
Company at March 31, 2016 and 2015 had $181,775 ($18,000 of which is to a related party) and $48,775, respectively of notes payable
to individuals. The notes are convertible into common stock of the Company at $0.025 per share. The interest rates range between
3% and 8% per annum and the notes are unsecured. During the year ended March 31, 2016, no notes were converted to common stock.
During the year ended March 31, 2015, three notes were converted to common stock. One of the notes is to a related party  
see Note 8 in the amount of $18,000.  

On
June 1, 2015, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with various accredited
investors for the sale of certain debentures with aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $133,000. Pursuant to the terms of
the agreement, the investors were granted 13,300,000 shares of Company common stock for a commitment fee. These shares have not
yet been issued. Additionally, the Company was required to repay the amounts raised under the Purchase Agreement prior to December
1, 2015 except as described below. The Purchase Agreement provides the Company with the following prepayment options: (i) if prepaid
prior to August 31, 2015, the Company must pay each investor the amount invested plus a 10% premium and (ii) if prepaid after
August 31, 2015 but prior to December 1, 2015, the Company must pay each investor the amount invested plus a 20% premium. In the
event the Company has not repaid the amounts as described above, on December 1, 2015 the Company has the option to convert all
amounts raised under the Purchase Agreements into shares of common stock based on a 20% discount to the Company s VWAP (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement) for the three Trading Days (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) prior to December 1, 2015.
Excluding the 13,300,000 commitment shares, in May 2016 the Company agreed to issue 33,900,000 shares of its common stock to settle
all obligations under these Purchase Agreements.  

Non-convertible
Debt Financing  

Alternative
Strategy Partners PTE Ltd.  

On
September 23, 2015, the Company entered into a debt facility of $180,000 in non-convertible debt financing from Singapore-based
institutional investor Alternative Strategy Partners PTE Ltd. ( ASP ). The debt carries a fixed interest rate per
annum of 11.50% ( the Designated Rate ) payable in full by December 23, 2015 ( the Maturity Date ). Both
parties have discussed the possibility of amending terms, if necessary, under the assumption that both parties mutually agree
to such amendment. The Company received cash from the note of $90,000 ($75,000 wired directly to the Company and $15,000 wired
directly from ASP to compensate a consultant).  

The
balance of this $180,000 or the other $90,000 was to be wired directly to a Japanese based consumer product firm called Eishin,
Inc., but there was never any documentation provided to support this $90,000. The Company is in dispute with the noteholder, and
has not recorded this liability as of March 31, 2016. If the proper documentation is provided to the Company, they will record
the liability at that time.  

The
Company had entered into an agreement to acquire common shares equivalent to 20.1% of Eishin Co., Ltd. ( Eishin ),
a high growth Japan-based company focusing on providing solutions to improve automobile combustion efficiency.  Eco-Spray ,
Eishin s key product made from 100% natural ingredients, is distributed in numerous Asian markets including China, Japan,
Korea, India, UAE, Bangladesh, Cambodia, Philippines and Myanmar, and is currently being tested for expansion in North America.
The Company has agreed to make an investment in Eishin for a total of $180,000, of which half was paid on October 1, 2015 and
the remainder to be paid by the end of October 31, 2015. The initial $90,000 that was to be used to purchase 20.1% ownership of
Eishin was never funded by ASP and the shares were never transferred. Additionally, the Company did not invest any other funds
to acquire any ownership in Eishin.   

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The
Company has not received any type of default notice with respect to this $180,000 non-convertible debenture. Additionally, the
Company has not received any shares in Eishin Co., Ltd. up to this point. The Company is currently in discussions with ASP to
amend the original terms of this non-convertible debenture. Specifically, to reduce the face value of this note from $180,000
to $90,000 and forgo receipt of any shares of Eishin Co., Ltd.  

Lastly
on October 9, 2015, ASP Managing Director (Yuhi Horiguchi) notified the Company via email that any and all warrants that had been
previously mentioned in the $180,000 note were fully cancelled. So there are no warrants in existence, in accordance with this
$180,000 non-convertible debenture. Nor have there been any defaults that ASP has notified the Company.  

Other   

On
October 19, 2012, the Company entered into a one-year convertible promissory note agreement for $445,000 with JMJ Financial, a
California based institutional investor. The note is non-interest bearing for the first 90 days and subsequent to that, the note
has an interest rate of 5% per annum. The note, at the holder s option, is convertible at $0.15 per share and if the price
per share at the time of conversion is greater than $0.15 per share, on average for the previous 25 trading days, the conversion
rate shall have a 25% discount, with the minimum price of $0.15 per share. The Company paid an origination fee of 200,000 shares
of its common stock to secure the loan. On November 14, 2012, the Company received $150,000 and an additional $25,000 on March
27, 2013. The 25% discount created a beneficial conversion feature at the commitment date aggregating $37,500 representing a discount
which is being accreted monthly from the issuance date of the note through maturity and is recorded as additional interest expense.
At March 31, 2013, the loan balance was $106,425, net of unamortized discount of $68,575. On June 3, 2013 the Company issued 9,900,000
shares of its common stock to convert the note. Under the terms of the original agreement, approximately 4,125,000 shares were
required to be issued. To entice the conversion, the Company issued an additional 5,775,000 shares resulting in a loss on conversion
of $321,000 in the year ended March 31, 2014. The balance under this note as of March 31, 2016 and 2015 was $-0-.  

Interest
expense for the year ended March 31, 2016 was $83,456 compared to the same period in the prior year of $186,963, respectively.
Accrued interest at March 31, 2016 and 2015 was $86,812 and $14,431, respectively.  

NOTE
8   RELATED PARTIES   

On
May 31, 2013, the Company executed a licensing agreement with GHI (see Notes 1 and 5). The Company s former CFO, Bruce Harmon,
is also the CFO and Chairman of Green Innovations Ltd., the parent company of GHI.  

On
May 27, 2015, the Company issued a six-month convertible note to a related party in the amount of $18,000. Note contains bonus
commitment shares equal to 1 cent per share for every $5,000 invested or 1,800,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
par value $0.001.  

NOTE
9   STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT   

Common
Stock   

The
Company is authorized to issue 2,500,000,000 shares of its common stock. Effective March 31, 2016, 1,219,820,933 shares of common
stock are outstanding.  

On
July 9, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors ( BOD ) approved an amendment to the Company s Articles
of Incorporation to increase the Company s authorized common stock from 1,000,000,000 to 2,500,000,000 shares and on July
17, 2015, the Company filed Schedule 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission calling for a special meeting of the stockholders
that was held on July 27, 2015 to approve the amendment.  

Fiscal
Year 2014  

During
the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company issued to its current and former chief executive officer a total of 31,720,000 shares
of its common stock at prices ranging from $0.02 to $0.09 per share for services.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
9   STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT (CONTINUED)   

Common
Stock (Continued)   

During
the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company issued collectively 191,604,392 shares of its common stock at prices ranging from $0.01
to $0.09 per share for the conversion of a $1,341,305 convertible debt.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company issued to various consultants collectively 140,945,200 shares of its common stock at
prices ranging from $0.01 to $0.09 per share.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company issued 1,500,000 at $0.04 per share in settlement of legal fees.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company issued 10,500,000 shares at $0.02 to $0.03 per share for a commitment fee relating
to a convertible debt arrangement.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company issued 4,347,826 shares of its common stock to Green Hygienics in connection with a
license agreement.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares to fully pay up the Green Hygienics license fee. The shares
were valued at $0.04 per share totaling $106,250.  

In
connection with the acquisition of Pilus Energy (See note 5), in January 2014, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 100,000,000
Shares of the Company s common stock at $0.02 per share. The warrant was valued at $1,710,000 using the Black-Scholes Pricing
Model.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company issued 36,644,631 shares of common stock for cash at prices ranging from $0.03 to $0.06
per share.  

In
connection with the strategic license agreement with Bacterial Robotics, LLC, the Company issued on October 29, 2013 a warrant
to acquire up to 75,000,000 Shares of the Company s Common stock. The Warrant was valued at $1,139,851 utilizing the Black-Scholes
option pricing Model.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company issued 860,000 shares to the Company s former chief financial officer at prices
ranging from $0.02 to $0.07 per share.  

Fiscal
Year 2015  

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 61,413,497 shares of common stock at prices ranging from $0.01 to $0.09 per
share for the conversion of notes and accrued interest to financial institutions valued at $1,489,771.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 312,936 shares of common stock at $0.025 per share for the conversion of notes
and accrued interest to individuals in the amount of $7,823.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 69,175,657 shares of common stock at prices ranging from $0.01 to $0.06 per
share for cash of $1,118,500 and 2,890,000 shares at prices ranging from $0.01 to $0.02 per share, valued at $44,300, and $56,000
cash for commissions on sales of common stock.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 4,200,000 shares of common stock to its chief executive officer at prices ranging
from $0.01 to $0.07 per share, valued at $119,000, for services.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 40,255,837 shares of common stock to various consultants and advisory board
members at prices ranging from $0.01 to $0.07 per share, valued at $299,123 (net of $670,362 not vested).  

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 1,250,000 shares of common stock at $0.04 per share, valued at $50,000, to a
financial institution for a fee to convert a convertible debenture.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
9   STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT (CONTINUED)   

Common
Stock (Continued)   

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 2,697,369 shares of common stock at $0.02 per share for additional financing
costs, valued at $53,947.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 26,660,143 shares of common stock through cashless exercises of warrants at
effective prices of $0.02 and $0.03 per share.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 12,211,400 shares of common stock valued at $147,500 issuable pursuant to a
warrant exercised under a securities purchase agreement in the initial amount of $250,000.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares of common stock valued at $104,144 pursuant to a settlement
agreement.  

Effective
March 31, 2015, the Company issued 10,869,565 shares of common stock valued at $100,000 pursuant to a license agreement.  

Fiscal
Year 2016   

On
June 27, 2014, $250,000 in cash was released from escrow pursuant to a securities purchase agreement with Hanover Holdings I,
LLC ( Hanover I ), as amended April 17, 2014, associated with the Company s acquisition of Honeywood (see Note
1) and filing of a registration statement registering Company securities, whereby the Company agreed to issue shares of its common
stock under a Class A and Class B warrant, as defined in the amended agreement. The Class A warrant provided for a fixed exercise
price of $0.05 per share; the Class B warrant provided for an initial exercise price of $0.05, however, upon a drop of the market
price below $0.05 based on the closing price of the Company s common stock for a period of three consecutive trading days,
the Class B warrant shall carry a call option premium of 135% and shall require payment of the shares within 5 business days in
the form of either cash or a conversion into shares of the Company s common stock based on the closing share price on the
three days prior. As the securities purchase agreement was entered into in anticipation of the Honeywood acquisition and the filing
of a registration statement, neither of which occurred, the Company and Hanover I informally have agreed to regard the $250,000
investment as an exercise under the terms of the Class B warrant. As a result, shares of Company common stock are to be issued,
based on the call option premium amount of $337,500, upon the request of Hanover I. During the year ended March 31, 2015, 12,211,400
shares of common stock with a value of $147,500 have been issued to Hanover I. As of March 31, 2015, common stock valued at $190,000,
29,188,403 shares, is issuable to Hanover I. These shares have been issued as of June 3, 2015.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company issued 27,500,000 common shares as commitment shares valued at $191,000, in conjunction
with the issuance on two convertible notes in the aggregate amount of $200,000 ($104,000 and $96,000), each convertible note payable
matures one-year after issuance, bearing interest rates of 7 - 12% annual interest, increasing to 18-24% default interest.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company issued 38,340,000 shares of common stock to the Chief Executive Officer and V.P. Strategic
Planning from $0.003 to $0.01, totaling $175,260.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company issued 30,035,000 shares of common stock as share based compensation at prices ranging
from $0.003 to $0.01, totaling $137,735.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company issued 191,750,000 shares of common stock for advisory and investor relation services
at a prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.0045 per share, totaling $759,750.  

During
the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company issued 4,000,000 shares of common stock along with $8,000 in cash to settle a liability
of a consultant who provided services for the Company from August 2013 through October 2013. The stock was valued at $0.002 per
share, totaling $8,000.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
9   STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT (CONTINUED)   

Common
Stock (Continued)   

In
connection with the consulting agreements and the board advisory agreements, certain agreements have as part of the compensation
arrangements, the following clauses: a) the consultant will be reimbursed for all reasonable out of pocket expenses, b) to the
extent the consultant introduces the Company to any sources of equity or debt arrangements, the Company agrees to pay 8% to 10%
in cash and 8% to 10% in common stock of the Company of all cash amounts actually received by the Company and 2% for debt arrangements,
and c) the Company, in its sole discretion, may make additional cash payments and/or issue additional shares of common stock to
the consultant based upon the consultant s performance.  

At
the filing date of this SEC Form 10-K additional shares of common stock were issued as follows:  

(i)
61,500,000 shares to consultants and board members (ii) 19,300,000 shares issued as commitment shares to the holder of a convertible
note (iii) 27,875,000 shares issued via private placement and (iv) 33,900,000 shares in conversion of convertible notes.  

Warrants
for Common Stock    

The
following table summarizes warrant activity for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015:  

The
warrants were valued utilizing the following assumptions employing the Black-Scholes Pricing Model:  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
9   STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT (CONTINUED)   

Stock
Options    

On
February 1, 2012, the Company awarded to each of two former executives options to purchase 5,000,000 common shares, an aggregate
of 10,000,000 shares. These options vested immediately and were for services performed. The Company recorded stock-based compensation
expense of $1,400,000 for the issuance of these options. The following weighted average assumptions were used for Black-Scholes
option-pricing model to value these stock options:  

The
following table summarizes option activity for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015:  

Stock-based
compensation for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 was $312,995 and $2,176,163, respectively.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
10   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Legal
Matters   

Typenex  

On
September 5, 2014, the Company s transfer agent issued to Typenex Co-Investment, LLC ( Typenex ) 70,080,714
shares of the Company s common stock (the  Shares ) without a restrictive legend pursuant to a demand letter
by Typenex to the transfer agent under a purported warrant issued in connection and arising from a convertible promissory note
issued by the Company to Typenex on June 24, 2013 and subsequently terminated by an exchange and release agreement between the
Company and Typenex on March 21, 2014. In response to its transfer agent s actions, the Company filed for a preliminary
injunction against Typenex and its transfer agent on September 8, 2014 in the Circuit Court for the 13th Judicial Circuit in and
for Hillsbourgh County Florida (the  Court ), Case No. 12-CA-009076. On September 9, 2014, the Court issued the preliminary
injunction requested by the Company against its transfer agent and Typenex. On October 9, 2014, subsequent to a hearing before
the Court on September 3, 2014 requested by Typenex to vacate the preliminary injunction, the Court denied the request to vacate
the injunction, indicating the Company had a substantial likelihood of success on the merits. The Court further ordered that the
Shares be treated as cancelled on the books of the Company s transfer agent. The Company believes all of Typenex s
claims to the Shares are frivolous and without merit. Additionally, the Company is contemplating the claims it has against Typenex.
On January 16, 2015, the Company and Typenex entered into a settlement agreement whereas (i) Typenex has agreed to purchase, under
a securities purchase agreement, an aggregate of $300,000 of shares of Company common stock, in three separate but related $100,000
tranches as defined in the agreement, at a price of 150% of the five day average closing sale price for the five trading days
immediately preceding each tranche purchase; (ii) the Company will issue to Typenex 10,000,000 shares of Company common stock;
(iii) if the net sales proceeds Typenex receives from the sale or transfer of the 10,000,000 shares is less than $600,000, the
Company will, from time to time, issue Typenex additional shares so that the net sales proceeds equal, but do not exceed, $600,000.
The Company has agreed to increase the authorized shares, if needed, to issue the shares pursuant to this agreement. The Company
recorded a $600,000 charge for financing expense and share liability as of and for the year ended March 31, 2015. Through June
30, 2015, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares of common stock to Typenex of which Typenex sold shares and received $104,144 in
net sales proceeds. Additionally, in February 2015, Typenex completed its initial share purchase under the agreement purchasing
4,278,990 shares for $100,000, approximately $0.02 per share.  

On
June 1, 2015, the Company and Typenex entered into a Settlement Agreement (the  Agreement ) whereby both the Company
and Typenex have agreed to settle all claims and obligations under the January 16, 2015 settlement agreement (the  Prior
Settlement Agreement ) in consideration of the Company paying Typenex the amount of $230,000, which was paid on June 2,
2015. Through the date of the Agreement Typenex earned approximately $169,000 in net sales proceeds from the sale of shares issued
under the Prior Settlement Agreement.  

Commitments  

On
February 26, 2014, Dr. Stella M. Sung was appointed Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ). Dr. Sung previously served as
Chief Operating Officer under a two-year employment agreement dated April 15, 2013. In conjunction with her appointment as CEO,
the terms of her employment agreement were amended to provide for the following: (i) salary of $8,000 per month for March and
April 2014, with a salary increase to $14,000 per month commencing on May 1, 2014 and thereafter; (ii) a one-time $25,000 cash
bonus once the Company completes a minimum private placement financing of $750,000; (iii) a monthly restricted share allotment
of 150,000 common shares effective May 1, 2014; (iv) a one-time S-8 share allotment of 2,500,000 common shares payable on May
27, 2014 or 90 days subsequent to her appointment as CEO; (v) other customary benefits.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
10   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)   

On
August 22, 2012, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Seth M. Shaw, its then CEO. The agreement provides for
annual compensation of $132,000. Mr. Shaw previously elected to forgo cash compensation and receive 60,000 shares of the Company s
common stock on a monthly basis. However, as the only principal officer and director, he decided to take the cash compensation
as well. Effective February 26, 2014, Mr. Shaw resigned as CEO, Chairman and Officer and was appointed to the position of Vice
President, Strategic Planning at which time his employment agreement was amended as follows: (i) salary of $8,000 per month for
March and April 2014, with a salary increase to $9,500 per month commencing on May 1, 2014 and thereafter; (ii) a one-time $25,000
cash bonus once the Company completes a minimum private placement financing of $750,000; (iii) a monthly restricted share allotment
of 60,000 common shares which continue as under his prior agreement; (iv) other customary benefits. On May 27, 2014 or 90 days
subsequent to his resignation as CEO, Mr. Shaw shall be deemed a non-affiliate. Effective July 1, 2014, Mr. Shaw s monthly
salary was revised to $6,500 per month.  

On
July 9, 2015, Dr. Sung submitted her resignation as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) and a
member of the BOD. Simultaneously with Dr. Sung s resignation, the BOD appointed Mr. Shaw as the Chairman of the BOD and
its new Chief Executive Officer and appointed Ghalia Lahlou as its new interim Chief Financial Officer.  

In
connection with the Company s employment contracts, the Company has no future commitments for the year ended March 31, 2016.  

On
September 24, 2014, in connection with the Company s termination of the acquisition agreement with Honeywood, the Company
and Honeywood entered into a license and supply agreement, whereby the Company, as defined in the agreement, is granted certain
license and distribution rights to sell and distribute products offered for distribution by Honeywood. Among other terms, the
license is nonexclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, fully paid-up and royalty-free. Unless earlier terminated, as defined in the
agreement, the license will automatically renew annually for the initial one-year term and five successive renewal terms.  

On
July 15, 2014, the Company entered into a non-exclusive license agreement with Targeted Medical Pharma, Inc. ( Targeted )
whereby Targeted granted the Company the right to sell certain dietary supplements based on Targeted s formulations on a
non-exclusive basis. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company paid targeted $20,000 which was considered an advance against any
royalty payments due Targeted on the first 20,000 1-month supply bottles sold by the Company, as defined in the agreement. Thereafter,
the royalty payment increases to $2.50 per 1-month supply bottle. In addition, there are provisions for certain revenue-based
milestone payments, as defined in the agreement. The term of the agreement is for one year. Subsequently, the agreement was terminated
by the Company simultaneously with the divestiture of the Natural Wellness business during August 2015.  

On
August 14, 2014, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Dragoon Capital, Inc. ( Dragoon ), for financial
advisory services, including assisting the Company in raising funds through an equity private placement. Pursuant to the agreement
the Company will pay Dragoon a finder s fee of 2% in cash and 2% in stock of all funds received by the Company through Dragoon s
direct or indirect introduction. On November 11, 2014, the Company and Dragoon amended the agreement whereas the finder s
fee was revised to 2.0% in cash and 1.0% in stock. In connection with the agreement, in November 2014, the Company issued Dragoon
280,000 shares of common stock valued at $3,500 and paid $7,000 cash as commission on $350,000 in proceeds received by the Company
from the sale of common stock. The agreement expired November 30, 2014.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
10   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)   

On
August 19, 2014, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Alternative Strategy Partners, Pty, LTD ( ASP ).
ASP will provide the Company specialized consulting services including, among other services, assisting the Company in assessing
and identifying viable sources of funding for equity private placements of up to $2,500,000 and developing a business strategy
in Asia. Pursuant to the agreement the Company will pay ASP a finder s fee of 8% in cash and 9% in stock of all funds received
by the Company through ASP s direct or indirect introduction. In addition, the Company issued 4,000,000 shares of its common
stock effective on the signing of the agreement and is obligated to issue an additional 3,000,000 shares of its common stock upon
the Company successfully securing $750,000 via ASP s direct introductions. The term of the agreement is for twelve months,
unless mutually extended. On November 11, 2014, the Company and ASP amended the agreement whereas (i) the number of shares issued
to ASP was revised from 4,000,000 to 500,000; (ii) the finder s fee was revised to 8.0% in cash and 4.5% in stock; and (iii)
the term was extended to twelve months from the date of amendment, unless mutually extended. In connection with the agreement,
in November 2014, the Company issued ASP 1,260,000 shares of common stock valued at $15,750 and paid $28,000 cash as commission
on $350,000 in proceeds received by the Company from the sale of common stock.  

Effective
March 31, 2015, the Company entered into a license agreement with Breathe Ecig Corp. (which has subsequently changed its name
of White Fox Ventures, Inc.) ( Breathe ) whereby the Company issued 10,869,565 shares of its common stock, valued
at $100,000, to Breathe for certain licensing rights for a 24 month period, as defined in the agreement. Additionally, Breathe
issued the Company 2,666,667 shares of its common stock, valued at $100,000 as a prepayment towards certain commercialization
fees the Company will incur, as defined in the agreement. As Breathe is not currently engaged in any business that can help the
Company, the entire fee has been written off by the Company as of March 31, 2015.  

NOTE
11   PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES   

Deferred
income taxes are determined using the liability method for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and
income tax basis of the Company s assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax rates expected
to be in effect when the temporary differences are included in the Company s tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  

Deferred
tax assets consist of the following:  

At
March 31, 2016, the Company had a U.S. net operating loss carryforward in the approximate amount of $23 million available to offset
future taxable income through 2036. The Company established valuation allowances equal to the full amount of the deferred tax
assets due to the uncertainty of the utilization of the operating losses in future periods. The Company also has a Canadian carry
forward loss which approximates $700,000 and is available to offset future taxable income through 2035. The valuation allowance
increased by $580,000 and $890,000 in the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

A
reconciliation of the Company s effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and the federal statutory rate
for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 is summarized as follows:  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
12   INVESTMENTS - AVAILABLE FOR SALE SECURITIES   

The
Company s investments in Green Innovations, Ltd and Breathe Ecig Corp. are included within Current Assets as they are expected
to be realized in cash within one year. The investments are recorded at fair valve with unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable
taxes, in Other Comprehensive Income. The Company s investment in Green Innovations, Ltd has a cost of $250,000, unrealized
loss of $249,250 and a fair value of $750 at March 31, 2016. At March 31, 2016 and 2015, the unrealized loss was $3,313 and $58,437,
respectively. The investment in Breathe Ecig Corp has been written off as of March 31, 2015 as there is no value in that company.  

NOTE
13   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   

The
following summarizes the company s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
at March 31, 2016 and 2015.  

The
estimated fair values of the Company s derivative liabilities are as follows:  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
14   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

Common
Stock Issuances    

Subsequent
to March 31, 2016, the Company issued additional shares of common stock as follows: (i) 61,500,000 shares to consultants and board
members (ii) 19,300,000 shares issued as commitment shares to the holder of a convertible note (iii) 27,875,000 shares issued
via private placement and (iv) 33,900,000 shares in conversion of convertible notes.  

Private
Placement   April 18, 2016    

On
April 18, 2016, the Company completed an equity private placement for $105,500 to date comprised of accredited individual investors
as well as one institutional investor. The terms of this private placement are as follows: $0.004 per share of common stock with
a related three-year warrant for 40% of each share of common stock purchased at an exercise price of $0.01 per share. The warrants
require the investors to pay cash to exercise the warrants and do not allow for cashless exercise. All shares to be issued will
be  restricted securities  as such term is defined by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company collected
$7,500 of this in March 2016, and the remaining funds in April 2016 at the time the shares and warrants were issued. The $7,500
is reflected in liabilities for stock to be issued on the March 31, 2016 balance sheet.  

The
proceeds from this private placement will be used for working capital purposes, most specifically to fund the Company s
ongoing litigation against Cowan Gunteski Co. P.A., and settle some outstanding obligations and establish new business opportunities
for the Company.  

Private Placement   June 27, 2016   

On June 27, 2016, the Company completed
an additional $194,000 USD in equity private placement financing from six accredited individual investors. The terms of this private
placement are as follows: $0.004 per share of common stock with a related three-year warrant for 40% of each share of common stock
purchased and an exercise price of $0.01 per share. The warrants require the investors to pay cash to exercise the warrants
and do not allow for cashless exercise. For example, an investor who invested $10,000 USD in this financing round received
2,500,000 shares of common stock and the 1,000,000 warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 for
a period of three years. The Company received funds for 48,500,000 shares of common stock at $0.004 per share (of which 47,000,000
shares are pending issuance) and warrants for an additional 19,400,000 shares of common stock as part of the financing. All
shares issued and to be issued will be  restricted securities  as such term is defined by the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

Lawsuit
Filed Against Cowan Gunteski   Co. PA    

On
November 4, 2015, the Company filed a lawsuit against its predecessor audit firm Cowan Gunteski   Co. PA in Federal Court
  Southern District Florida (Miami, Florida) entitled  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. v. Cowan, Gunteski   Co., P.A.
et al , Case No. 0:15-cv-62334. The case has since been transferred to the United States District Court for the District
of New Jersey. The case alleges, among other things, that Cowan Gunteski committed malpractice with respect to the audit
of the Company s FY 2014 financial statements (as illustrated in the PCAOB Public Censure of July 23, 2015) and then misrepresented
to the Company with respect about its ability to re-issue an independent opinion for FY 2014 financial statements. On July 31,
2015, the Company was delisted from the OTCQB Exchange to the OTC Pink Limited Information Tier due to its inability to file its
FY 2015 Form 10K. The lawsuit was expected by the Company and its counsel to take up to 18 months to complete, from the date it
was filed (November 4, 2015).  

The
Company in its lawsuit seeks damages against Cowan Gunteski (and its malpractice insurance policy) exceeding $4,000,000.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in this lawsuit.  

Subsequent
to the filing of the lawsuit, the Company was notified that the lawsuit was temporarily suspended so that the Company and Cowan
can attempt to mediate this case. On December 30, 2015, the Company was notified that Daniel F. Kolb was appointed as the mediator.  

Mediation
commenced on February 3, 2016. During these efforts, the Company had been offered settlement amounts, but none that have been
satisfactory.  

On
March 22, 2016 the Company decided that its good faith efforts to settle its ongoing litigation with Cowan Gunteski   Co.
P.A. have proven unsuccessful. Therefore, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously agreed to proceed to trial. The Company
is continuing to seek the assistance of independent experts, to help ascribe dollar amounts for certain damages suffered by the
Company ( provable damages ). At this point in time, the Company has realized out of pocket cash losses and debts
(inclusive of liquidated damages) that exceed $850,000. Additional potential damages include but are not limited to: inability
to properly maintain Pilus Energy s Intellectual Property ( Pilus IP ), the July 31, 2015 delisting of the Company
shares from OTCQB to Pink Sheets, loss of market capitalization ( market cap ), loss of trading liquidity ( trading
volume ), and loss of substantial business opportunities. In aggregate the Company intends to seek monetary award(s), during
trial, in excess of $4,000,000. That figure is expected to continually increase as additional time lapses.  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
14   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (CONTINUED)   

Lawsuit
Filed Against Cowan Gunteski   Co. PA (Continued)    

On
May 10, 2016, the Company was notified of an Order Reopening Case, Scheduling Order for Pretrial Conference set for December 7,
2016 before Judge Robin L. Rosenberg, Trial set for January 23, 2017 in West Palm Beach Division, and a Calendar Call set for
January 18, 2017.  

On
September 26, 2016, a motion was filed requesting that the trial date be moved from the current scheduled date of January 23,
2017 to July 24, 2017 (6-months.) The Company must respond to this motion no later than October 14, 2016.  

On
September 29, 2016, the judge presiding over the case approved the ruled on the two outstanding motions filed on June 13, 2016.
The motion to transfer the case to United States District Court for the District of New Jersey was approved, however the judge
denied the defendants  motion to dismiss the lawsuit. Depositions have commenced in this case.  

Convertible
Notes Payable    

Group
10 Holdings LLC  

On
August 3, 2016, the Company entered into a $48,000 convertible debenture with OID in the amount of $8,000 with Group 10 Holdings
LLC. Along with this note, 8,000,000 commitment shares must be issued to the holder within 15 days or an event of default will
have occurred (shares were issued on August 4, 2016), earned in full upon purchase of the debenture. This debenture bears 12%
interest per annum with a default interest rate of the lesser of 18% or the or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law,
effective as of the issuance date of this debenture ( default interest rate .) If any event of default occurs, the
outstanding principal amount of this debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in
respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at holder s election, immediately due and payable in cash
in the sum of (a) one hundred eighteen percent (118%) of the outstanding principal amount of this debenture plus one hundred percent
(100%) of accrued and unpaid interest thereon and (b) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect
of this debenture ( mandatory default amount ). After the occurrence of any event of default, the interest rate on
this debenture shall accrue at an interest rate equal the default interest rate.  

Subject
to the approval of holder for prepayments after one hundred eighty (180) days, borrower may prepay in cash all or any portion
of the principal amount of this debenture and accrued interest thereon, with a premium, as set forth below (each a  prepayment
premium ), upon ten (10) business days prior written notice to holder. Holder shall have the right to convert all or any
portion of the principal amount and accrued interest thereon during such ten (10) business day notice period. The amount of each
prepayment premium shall be as follows: (a) one hundred forty-five percent (145%) of the prepayment amount if such prepayment
is made at any time from the issuance date until the maturity date.  

The
holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time after the issuance date and until the maturity date, or thereafter
during an event of default, to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount, accrued interest and fees due and
payable thereon into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of borrower at the conversion price, (the  conversion
shares ) which shall mean the lesser of (a) sixty percent (60%) multiplied by the lowest closing price during the thirty-five
(35) trading days prior to the notice of conversion is given (which represents a discount rate of forty percent (40%)) or (b)
one-half of a penny ($0.005.)  

If
the market capitalization of the borrower is less than two million dollars ($2,000,000) on the day immediately prior to the date
of the notice of conversion, then the conversion price shall be twenty-five percent (25%) multiplied by the lowest closing price
during the thirty-five (35) trading days prior to the date a notice of conversion is given (which represents a discount rate of
seventy-five percent (75%)). Additionally, if the closing price of the borrower s common stock on the day immediately prior
to the date of the notice of conversion is less than two-tenths of a penny ($0.002) then the conversion price shall be twenty-five
percent (25%) multiplied by the lowest closing price during the thirty-five (35) trading days prior to a notice of conversion
is given (which represents a discount rate of seventy-five percent (75%)).  

TAURIGA
SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
14   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (CONTINUED)   

The
note also contains a most favored nations status provision whereby the borrower or any of its subsidiaries issue any security
(in an amount under one million dollars ($1,000,000)) with any term more favorable to the holder such more favorable term, at
holder s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with holder.  

At
all times during which this debenture is outstanding, borrower shall reserve and keep available from its authorized and unissued
shares of common stock (the  share reserve ) for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this debenture and
payment of interest on this debenture, free from preemptive rights or any other actual or contingent purchase rights of persons
other than holder, not less than five times the aggregate number of shares of the commons stock that shall be issuable the conversion
of the outstanding principal amount of this debenture and payment of interest hereunder. Initially, the share reserve shall be
equal to one hundred fifty million (150,000,000) shares. The holder may request bi-monthly increases to reserve such amounts based
on a conversion price equal to the lowest closing price during the preceding thirty-five (35) day. Borrower agrees that it will
take all such reasonable actions as may be necessary to assure that the conversion shares may be issued. Borrower agrees to provide
holder with confirmation evidencing the execution of such share reservation within fifteen (15) business days from the issuance
date.  

Holder
may provide the transfer agent with written instructions to increase the share reserve in accordance therewith in the event of:
(a) closing price of borrower s common stock is less than $0.002 for three (3) consecutive trading days; or (b) borrower s
issued and outstanding shares of common stock is greater than seventy of their authorized shares. Then the share reserve shall
increase to the number of shares of common stock equal to the five (5) times the value of the outstanding principal amount plus
accrued interest.  

Further,
as part of the terms of this note the Company agrees that it will not incur further indebtedness other than (a) lease obligations
and purchase money indebtedness of up to one hundred thousand dollars, in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition
of capital assets and lease obligations with respect to newly acquired or leased assets, (c) indebtedness that (i) is expressly
subordinate to this debenture pursuant to a written subordination agreement with holder that is acceptable to holder in its sole
and absolute discretion and (ii) matures at a date sixty (60) days later than the maturity date, (d) trade payables and other
accounts payable of borrower incurred in the ordinary course of business in accordance with GAAP and not evidenced by a promissory
note or other security, and (e) indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth on the Balance Sheet dated September 30,
2015, provided that (x) the terms of such indebtedness are not changed from the terms in effect as of the most recent balance
sheet date, and (y) any such indebtedness which is for borrowed money is not due and payable until after August 3, 2017.  

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.   

None.  

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

The
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the year ended March 31, 2016
covered by this Form 10-K. Based upon such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as required under
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.  

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

The
management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related financial information
appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The consolidated financial statements and notes have been prepared in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The management of the Company is also responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act. A company s internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that:  

Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the Company;   

Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and   

Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

Management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls
and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control
over financial reporting can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met
and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

With
the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management evaluated the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2016 based upon the framework in Internal Control  Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, our
management has concluded that, as of March 31, 2016, the Company had material weaknesses in its internal control over financial
reporting and was deemed to be not effective. Specifically, management identified the following material weaknesses at March 31,
2016:  

1.  
      Lack
    of oversight by independent directors in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures;   

2.  
      Lack
    of functioning audit committee, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal
    controls and procedures;   

3.  
      Insufficient
    personnel resources within the accounting function to segregate the duties over financial transaction processing and reporting
    and to allow for proper monitoring controls over accounting;   

4.  
      Insufficient
    written policies and procedures over accounting transaction processing and period end financial disclosure and reporting processes.   

To
remediate our internal control weaknesses, management intends to implement the following measures:  

The
    Company will add sufficient number of independent directors to the board and appoint an audit committee.   

The
    Company will add sufficient knowledgeable accounting personnel to properly segregate duties and to effect a timely, accurate
    preparation of the financial statements.   

Upon
    the hiring of additional accounting personnel, the Company will develop and maintain adequate written accounting policies
    and procedures.   

The
additional hiring is contingent upon the Company s efforts to obtain additional funding through equity or debt for its continued
operational activities and corporate expenses. Management expects to secure funds in the coming fiscal year but provides no assurances
that it will be able to do so.  

We
understand that remediation of material weaknesses and deficiencies in internal controls are a continuing work in progress due
to the issuance of new standards and promulgations. However, remediation of any known deficiency is among our highest priorities.
Our management will periodically assess the progress and sufficiency of our ongoing initiatives and make adjustments as and when
necessary.  

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. On July 21, 2010, President Obama
signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Included in the Act is a provision that permanently exempts
smaller public companies that qualify as either a Non-Accelerated Filer or Smaller Reporting Company from the auditor attestation
requirement of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

In
August 2012, the Company appointed Seth M. Shaw as chief executive officer and chairman. Mr. Shaw has more than ten years 
experience in the business and financial profession. On February 27, 2015, Mr. Shaw resigned as our chief executive officer and
was replaced by Dr. Stella M. Sung. On July 9, 2015, Dr. Sung resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and as a
member of the Board of Directors. On July 10, 2015, Mr. Shaw was appointed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and
as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.  

In
September 2012, the Company appointed Bruce Harmon as chief financial officer. Mr. Harmon has more than thirty years  experience
as a financial professional serving as chief financial officer of several publicly registered entities. On August 31, 2014, Mr.
Harmon resigned as our chief financial officer and was replaced by Mr. Shaw. Mr. Shaw served as our chief financial officer until
February 27, 2015 when he was replaced by Dr. Sung. On July 9, 2015, Dr. Sung resigned as the Company s Chief Financial
Officer. On July 10, 2015, Ms. Lahlou was appointed as the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer.  

Except
as set forth above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.  

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls   

The
Company s management, specifically, the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our
internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be
met. Further, the design of the control system must reflect that there are resource constraints and that the benefits must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people, or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks.
Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies
or procedures.  

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION.   

None.  

PART
III   

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.   

The
following table sets forth information with respect to persons who are serving as directors and officers of the Company. Each
director holds office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until his successor has been elected and qualified.  

Name   
           
       Age   
           
       Position    

Seth
    M. Shaw  
         
      37  
         
      Chief
    Executive Officer and Director   
 
      Ghalia
    Lahlou  
         
      29  
         
      Chief
    Financial Officer   
 
      Dr.
    David L. Wolitzky  
         
      80  
         
      Director   
 
      Hingge
    Hsu  
         
      58  
         
      Director   
 
      Thomas
    J. Graham  
         
      67  
         
      Director   

Biographies
of Directors and Officers   

Seth
M. Shaw  has served as our chief executive officer and chairman of the Board since July 9, 2015. Mr. Shaw started his career
at American International Group (AIG) Global Investment Group, and furthered his growth capital experience working at a prestigious
Manhattan based hedge fund (Harvest Capital Management). In 2005, he founded Novastar Resources Ltd, a natural resources exploration
company focused on the exploration and acquisition of mineral properties containing the element thorium. During this period, Mr.
Shaw secured more than $17 million in financing from top tier institutional investors and was an integral stakeholder in the completion
of the merger between Novastar Resources and Thorium Power. During this period, he held the position of Director of Strategic
Planning until mid-2007. Subsequently, the company changed its name to Lightbridge Inc. and currently trades on the NASDAQ (NASDAQ:
LTBR).  

Following
the merger, Mr. Shaw has assisted several other companies in securing value added capital from institutional investors as well
as providing management consulting. Among those, Mr. Shaw was instrumental in securing $12,000,000 from Tudor Investment Corp.
for NASDAQ listed flat panel display developer Uni-Pixel Inc. (NASDAQ: UNXL). In addition, Mr. Shaw served as the founding CFO
of Los Angeles based Biotech firm Physician Therapeutics LLC ( PTL ) in 2004. Subsequently PTL merged with Targeted
Medical Pharma ( TMP ) (OTCQB: TRGM). Mr. Shaw had previously served as the CEO of the Company from August 22, 2012
through February 26, 2014. Throughout his tenure with the Company, Mr. Shaw has been instrumental in completing numerous private
placements. Mr. Shaw also served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Breathe eCig Corp. from January
22, 2016 until April 1, 2106 and January 22, 2016 until August 12, 2016, respectively (OTCQB: BVAP).  

Mr.
Shaw graduated from Cornell University in 2001 with a bachelor s degree in Policy Analysis Management and a concentration
in Econometrics.  

Ms.
Ghalia Lahlou  has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since July 10, 2015. Ms. Lahlou joined the Company
in May 2011 as the Operations Manager based in the Montreal office. She previously worked in a number of operational roles ranging
from the energy sector to healthcare. Ms. Lahlou was pivotal in interfacing and managing institutional and high net worth investors
during her tenure with two early stage public companies. Prior to this, she served the role of assistant project manager at one
of the largest steel manufacturing companies in North Africa. During her time there, she played a key role in the development
of new product lines catering to the construction and building sector. At the Company, her role involves maintaining relationships
with investors, managing daily operations and overseeing company communications with the investor community and the regulatory
authorities in U.S and Canada.  

Ms.
Lahlou graduated from McGill University, Montreal, Canada with a degree in Mechanical Engineering. Prior to that, she completed
her studies in Health Sciences at Marianopolis College, Montreal.  

Dr.
David L. Wolitzky  has served as our director since March 2013. Dr. Wolitzky received his BA from The City College of New York
(1957) and his Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology from the University of Rochester (1961). He is also a graduate of the New York Psychoanalytic
Institute (1972). Since 1974 Dr. Wolitzky has been a tenured faculty member in the Department of Psychology, New York University.
His many years there of teaching, research, supervisory, and administrative experience included serving as the Director of the
Clinical Psychology Ph.D. Program, the N.Y.U Psychology Clinic, and as a Co-Director of the N.Y.U. Postdoctoral Program in Psychotherapy
and Psychoanalysis and as a supervisor of candidates in training. His other professional activities include publication of numerous
articles and book chapters, edited books, forensic evaluation in child custody cases, psychological assessments of individuals
being considered for high-level executive positions in industry, extensive experience as a book editor, and the practice of psychotherapy.
He also has served on the New State Board of Psychology, Office of Professional Discipline.  

Dr.
Hingge Hsu  has served as our director since January 2015. Dr. Hingge Hsu was a Partner at Fidelity Biosciences from 2009 until
2014 and was on the core healthcare investment team for Fidelity Growth Partners Asia. He was previously a Managing Director at
Lehman Brothers in their Private Equity Group from 2001 until 2006, responsible for their principal investment activities in the
private and public sectors of the healthcare industry. Dr. Hsu has structured and led numerous transactions in the life science
sector, and he has been instrumental in building and growing his portfolio companies. Prior to his positions at Fidelity and Lehman,
Dr. Hsu was a Partner at Schroder Ventures Life Sciences from 1998 to 2001 and directed their U.S. investment activities in the
life sciences and therapeutics sectors. He received an MD degree from Yale University School of Medicine and was trained in internal
medicine at Brigham and Women s Hospital and Harvard Medical School. Dr. Hsu also received an MBA degree from Harvard Business
School.  

Mr.
Thomas J. Graham  has served as our director since August 2015. Mr. Graham is currently self-employed and leverages his industry
knowledge to help companies create effective strategies to successfully penetrate the retail market place. From 2000 to 2005,
Mr. Graham served as Director of Operations for Sears and Roebuck   Co., a national retailer with numerous stores nationwide.
He oversaw direct operations for all departments, including their managers and associates. In addition, he was accountable for
all sales, labor and operation standards as set by Sears Corporate. From 1993 to 2000, Mr. Graham from 1993 to 2000 served as
a results oriented Marketing and Sales Director for a major Michigan retail supermarket called Goff Food Stores, with sales in
excess of $100,000,000.00 annually. He coordinated and oversaw all print and visual advertising including newspaper, radio and
television. Mr. Graham worked with local and national vendors to promote and increase sales and customer flow. In addition he
was responsible for all product placement and developed category management standards for all departments and set merchandising
plans and ensured they were followed by all store level personal.  

Mr.
Graham is also an U.S. Military Veteran, serving in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War from 1969 to 1971. He was honorably discharged
in 1971 with the rank of Sergeant First Class, with twelve months combat service in Vietnam from 1970-1971.  

Family
Relationships   

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors and executive officers.  

Our
directors are appointed by the Board of Directors, and serve until their successors are elected and qualified, or their earlier
resignation or removal. Officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors
or until their earlier resignation or removal. Any action required can be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders
of the corporation which may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if consent of consents in writing
setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number
of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were
present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office, its principle place of business,
or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which the proceedings of meetings are recorded.  

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers   

Florida
Corporation Law allows for the indemnification of officers, directors, and any corporate agents in terms sufficiently broad to
indemnify such persons under certain circumstances for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses, incurred arising under
the 1933 Act. The Bylaws of the Company provide that the Company will indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent
authorized or permitted by law and such right to indemnification will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director
or officer of the Company and will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and Consultants; provided, however, that,
except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Company will not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer
in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized
by the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification conferred will include the right to be paid by the Company the expenses
(including attorney s fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition.  

The
Company may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the
advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Company similar to those conferred to directors and officers of the Company.
The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses are subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act to the extent
applicable.  

Furthermore,
the Company may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company
or another company against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person
against such expense, liability or loss under the Florida General Corporation Law.  

Director
Compensation   

During
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, our independent directors received stock compensation as set forth in the table
below.  

Directors 
and Officers  Liability Insurance   

Green
Innovations has directors  and officers  liability insurance insuring our directors and officers against liability
for acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers.  

Code
of Ethics   

We
intend to adopt a code of ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer
and principal accounting officer, but have not done so to date due to our relatively small size. We intend to adopt a written
code of ethics in the near future.  

Board
Committees   

The
Company does not have any committees.  

We
expect our board of directors, in the future, to appoint a nominating committee and any other applicable committee, as applicable,
and to adopt charters relative to each such committee. We intend to appoint such persons to committees of the board of directors
as are expected to be required to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by a national securities exchange, although
we are not required to comply with such requirements until we elect to seek a listing on a national securities exchange.  

Advisory
Board   

Business
Advisory Board   

The
Company established its Business Advisory Board in 2013. Currently, the Business Advisory Board has four members.  

Woodrow
H. Levin  has served on our Business Advisory Board since February, 2014. Mr. Levin was the founder and CEO of BringIt which
was acquired by International Game Technology (NYSE:IGT) in the year 2012. An energetic and charismatic leader, he makes strategic
decisions for the company while guiding day-to-day operations, working with investors, and developing strategic and lasting partnerships
that benefit BringIt. Prior to founding BringIt, Mr. Levin was Managing Partner at Riverbank Capital Management, a successful
equity options trading firm he started, and helped to grow with offices in New York and Chicago. In 2001, he founded InStadium,
an advertising company that partnered with NFL and MLB stadiums to provide digital advertising, product sampling, stadium signage,
and innovative restroom advertising. Mr. Levin was President of InStadium for five years, during which he established the company s
mission of expanding in-venue advertising and promotional opportunities for large to mid-sized companies through cost-efficient
and high impact programs. His efforts ultimately resulted in securing partnerships with 25 MLB and 15 NFL stadiums throughout
the top 20 advertising markets in the US. His competitive fire was firmly established by his school career as a competitive athlete.
He played NCAA Division I hockey at Wisconsin, an experience that taught him that discipline and hard work can transform a burning
desire for success into tangible results. Mr. Levin attended Chicago-Kent School of Law and is admitted to practice in IL. He
holds a BA in Business from the University of Wisconsin in Madison. Mr. Levin resides in San Francisco and was previously living
in Chicago where he is involved with multiple community and charitable organizations including the Jewish United Fund, Lynn Sage
Breast Cancer Foundation and most recently was on the executive committee of The Chicago Green Tie Ball.  

General
Ronald R. Fogleman  has served on our Business Advisory Board since February, 2014. General Fogleman is a highly decorated
combat veteran who retired from the United States Air Force ( U.S. Air Force  or  USAF ) after 34 years
active commissioned service. On his final tour of duty he served as the 15th Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force and a member
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ( JCS ) during the administration of President Clinton. Prior to that assignment he was
Commander in Chief of the United States Transportation Command ( CINCTRANS ). As Chief of Staff, he served as the
senior uniformed officer responsible for the organization, training and equipage of 750,000 active duty, Guard, Reserve and civilian
forces serving in the United States and Overseas. As a member of the JCS, he served as a military advisor to the Secretary of
Defense, the National Security Council and the President. Since retiring from the U.S. Air Force, General Fogleman has served
on the Defense Policy Board, The National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) Advisory Council, the Jet
Propulsion Laboratory Advisory Board, chaired an Air Force Laboratory study on directed energy weapons, chaired a National Resource
Committee on Aeronautics Research and Technology for Vision 2050: An integrated Transportation System, served on the NASA Mars
Program Independent Assessment Team, the congressionally directed Commission to Assess United States National Security Space Management
and Organization, the NASA Shuttle Return to Flight Task Group and the Independent Assessment Panel to examine the Management
and Organization of National Security Space Assets. General Fogleman has served on and chaired several public and private company
boards. He is currently the Chairman of the Board of Alliant Techsystems Inc. (NYSE: ATK), the Lead Director on the Board of Directors
for AAR Corp. (NYSE: AIR), and serves on the boards of AGC Composites and Aerostructures, First National Bank of Durango, MITRE
Corporation, Tactical Air Support, Inc. and Thayles-Raytheon Systems. he has served as the chair of Audit and Governance Committees
throughout his career in the public and private sectors. He devotes considerable time to national security, governance of public
companies and community affairs. He is a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors, Council on Foreign Relations,
Falcon Foundation, Airlift Tanker Association, Fort Lewis College Foundation, and the Air Force Association. He lectures on leadership,
international affairs and military issues and has published numerous articles on air and space operations.  

Bruno
Vanderschelden  has served as a business advisory board member since April 2012. Mr. Vanderschelden has over 15 years of experience
in the various fields of asset management and operations in a multi-cultural and multi-lingual environment with longstanding relationships
with key industry decision makers, venture investors, and thought leaders, with access to a broad and powerful network of influencers.
He has also served as an independent director of various Management Companies, has been instrumental in developing and implementing
strategic plans and has implemented risk management and corporate governance programs for public companies. Mr. Vanderschelden
has a Master s Degree in Business Administration from ICHEC Brussels, Belgium and in European Studies from Universit 
Catholique de Louvain Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium.  

Frank
P. Orlowski  has served on our Business Advisory Board since April 2016. Mr. Orlowski serves as Senior Director Finance, emerging
markets and transition manufacturing sites at a global pharmaceutical company. Mr. Orlowski is responsible for managing all aspects
of Emerging Markets Manufacturing Supply Finance. In this global role he develops operational strategies for internal and external
pharmaceutical supply chain and sourcing throughout Asia, Africa/Middle East and South America. As a global leader he is highly
effective working in a multi-cultural, global organization partnering with senior government officials and business leaders, both
inside and outside the Pharma Company and the pharmaceutical industry. He manages a large team across the globe and is responsible
for a yearly operating budget of over $900 million. The specific countries which he supports from a manufacturing and business
development standpoint include Argentina, Brazil, China (all provinces), Egypt, India, Indonesia, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Morocco,
Russia, Singapore, Turkey, Tunisia, Thailand and Venezuela. He has over 20 years  experience in the pharmaceutical industry
in positions of increased responsibility in strategy, finance and operations. Prior to his work in the pharmaceutical industry,
he worked at Accenture on various successful strategic consulting engagements in manufacturing. He was responsible for the global
integration of several major acquisitions. He was Project Lead for the global rollout of several widely used information systems.
He sits on the leadership team of several innovating manufacturing and drug development teams within the Pharma Company alongside
senior Company scientists. He sits on the leadership team of several innovating manufacturing and drug development teams within
the Pharma Company alongside senior Company scientists. This includes evaluating external business development and licensing opportunities.
In 2015, Mr. Orlowski was appointed to the Board of the American Cancer Society and serves on the Executive Board of the National
Corporate Theatre Forward. He completed two New York City Marathons and over 20 half marathons. Mr. Orlowski earned a BS in accounting
from Providence College and an MBA from NYU Stern School of Business.  

Medical
Advisory Board   

The
Company established its Medical Advisory Board in 2013. Currently, the Medical Advisory Board has one member.  

Dr.
Jason Heikenfeld  has served on our Medical Advisory Board since October 2013. Mr. Heikenfeld is an internationally-known expert
in electrofluidics and flex-electronics, with work spanning displays, lab-on-chip, and now wearable sensors. Dr. Heikenfeld is
a recipient of NSF CAREER, and AFOSR and Sigma Xi Young-Investigator awards. He is currently a Prof. of Electrical Engineering
at the University of Cincinnati and also currently working with his second start-up company in color-video electronic paper. Dr.
Heikenfeld is a Senior member of the Institute for Electrical and Electronics Engineers, a Senior member of the Society for Information
Display, and a member of SPIE. Jason Heikenfeld received his B.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Cincinnati in 1998
and 2001, respectively. During 2001-2005 Dr. Heikenfeld co-founded and served as principal scientist at Extreme Photonix Corp.
In 2005 he returned to the University of Cincinnati as a Professor in the Dept. of Electrical   Computer Engineering. In 2005,
Dr. Heikenfeld joined the University of Cincinnati ( UC ) as an Assistant Professor, and quickly propelled UC into
a position of international leadership in electrofluidic technology. Dr. Heikenfeld s university laboratory, The Novel Devices
Laboratory, is currently engaged in electrofluidic device research spanning electronic paper and biomedical applications. Since
2006, he has secured more than $12,000,000 in funded research, including a prestigious NSF CAREER award and a AFOSR Young Investigator
Award (one of only 21 nationally in 2006, across all sciences). He has greater than 150 publications and his inventions have resulted
in over 10 granted patents. Dr. Heikenfeld has now launched his second company, Gamma Dynamics, which is pursuing commercialization
of color e-Readers that look as good as conventional printed media. Dr. Heikenfeld is a Senior member of the Institute for Electrical
and Electronics Engineers, a Senior member of the Society for Information Display, and a member of SPIE. In addition to his scholarly
work, Dr. Heikenfeld is an award winning educator at UC and has lead the creation of programs and coursework at the University
of Cincinnati that foster innovation, entrepreneurship, and an understanding of the profound change that technology can have on
society.  

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.   

The
table below sets forth, for our last two fiscal years, the compensation earned by our named executive officers.  

(1)
On July 9, 2015, Dr. Sung resigned as our chief executive officer and chief financial officer and was replaced by Mr. Shaw as
our chief executive officer.  

(2)
Mr. Shaw was appointed chief executive officer and chief financial officer on July 9, 2015.  

(3)
Ms. Lahlou was appointed chief financial officer on July 9, 2015.  

The
general policy of the Board of Directors is that compensation for independent Directors should be a nominal cash fee plus equity-based
compensation. We do not pay employee Directors for Board service in addition to their regular employee compensation. The Board
of Directors have the primary responsibility for considering and determining the amount of Director compensation.  

The
following table shows amounts earned by each Director in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.  

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.   

The
following table sets forth certain information as of September 6, 2016 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock
by (i) each person or entity who, to our knowledge, beneficially owns more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each executive officer
and named officer; (iii) each director; and (iv) all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated in the
footnotes to the following table, each of the stockholders named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect
to the shares of our common stock beneficially owned. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the stockholders listed
below is: c/o 39 Old Ridgebury Road, Danbury, Connecticut 06180.  

*
Denotes less than 1%.  

(1)
Applicable percentage of ownership is based on  1 ,362,395,933 total
shares comprised of our common stock as of September 6, 2016. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and means voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of our common stock
issuable upon the exercise of stock options exercisable currently or within 60 days of September 6, 2016 are deemed outstanding
and to be beneficially owned by the person holding such option for purposes of computing such person s percentage ownership,
but are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Shares of our preferred
stock are deemed outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding such shares for purposes of computing such person s
percentage ownership.  

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.   

None.  

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.   

The
following table sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants, KBL, LLP for 2016 and 2015, for the categories
of services indicated.  

Audit
fees.  Consists of fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our interim financial information
and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end and quarter-end statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements.  

Audit-related
fees.  Consists of fees billed for services relating to review of other regulatory filings including registration statements,
periodic reports and audit related consulting.  

Tax
fees.  Consists of professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.  

Other
fees.  Other services provided by our accountants.  

PART
IV   

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.   

Exhibits   

See
the Exhibit Index following the signature page of this Registration Statement, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.  

Financial
Statement Schedules   

None   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

/s/
    Seth M. Shaw   
         
      October
    14, 2016   
 
      Seth
    M. Shaw, Principal Executive Officer  
         
      Date   

/s/
    Ghalia Lahlou   
         
      October
    14, 2016   
 
      Ghalia
    Lahlou, Principal Accounting Officer  
         
      Date   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   REQUIRED
BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Seth M. Shaw, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tauriga Sciences, Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    October 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Seth M. Shaw    

Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   REQUIRED
BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Ghalia Lahlou, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tauriga Sciences, Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    October 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Ghalia Lahlou    

Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF   

   PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF   

   THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Seth M. Shaw, Chief Executive Officer of Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and  

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Date:
    October 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Seth M. Shaw    

Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF   

   PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF   

   THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Ghalia Lahlou, Chief Financial Officer of Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and  

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Date:
    October 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Ghalia Lahlou    

Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 taug-20160331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 taug-20160331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 taug-20160331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 taug-20160331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 taug-20160331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 taug-20160331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

