<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1610940_0001615774-16-008279_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3068652</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103415</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>727747</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>545891</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1045199</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>586067</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>60</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008279.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115122920
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008279
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001610940
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36851
		FILM NUMBER:		161998716

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 BEECHWOOD ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			SUMMIT
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-897-0510

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 BEECHWOOD ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			SUMMIT
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008279.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 s104428_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

OR  

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from
      to       .    

Commission File Number: 001-36851  

ETF
Managers Group Commodity Trust I   
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
       
       36-4793446    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
  incorporation or organization)   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer   
  Identification No.)    

30 Maple Street   Suite 2  

  Summit, NJ 07901  

  (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip code)  

(844-383-6477)   

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

N/A 
(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

x 
Yes        No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

x 
Yes        No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company  x    
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes   
 x  No 

Indicate the number of Shares outstanding as of November 1,
2016: 450,040 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

Table of Contents  

Page    

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      3   

Item 1. Financial Statements.   
      3   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
      21   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      33   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
      33   

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION   
      34   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
      34   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      34   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      34   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
      34   

Item 5. Other Information   
      34   

Item 6. Exhibits   
      34   

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Financial Statements.  

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST
I  

  Statements of Financial Condition  

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST
I  

  Schedule of Investments  

  September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  

(a)    $440,945 of cash is pledged
as collateral for futures contracts and written options  

Written Options Contracts  

  September 30, 2016  

Short Futures Contracts  
 September 30, 2016  

See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST
I  

  Schedule of Investments  

  June 30, 2016  

(a)    $542,087 of cash is pledged
as collateral for futures contracts and written options  

Written Options Contracts  
 June 30, 2016  

Short Futures Contracts  
 June 30, 2016  

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Statements of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY
TRUST I  

  Statements of Changes in Shareholders'
Capital  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY
TRUST I  

  Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

Certain amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2015
have been reclassified to permit comparison between periods. 

See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

(1) Organization  

SIT RISING RATE ETF (the  Fund ),
a series of the ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I (a Delaware statutory trust formed on July 23, 2014), commenced investment
operations on February 19, 2015. The Fund offers common units of beneficial interest (the  Shares ) only to certain
eligible financial institutions (the  Authorized Participants ) in one or more blocks of 50,000 Shares (a  Creation
Basket ). ETF Managers Capital LLC (the  Sponsor ), a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Exchange Traded Managers Group LLC, serves as the managing owner and commodity pool operator of the Fund. The Sponsor seeded
the Fund with a capital contribution of $1,000 in exchange for 40 Shares (Founders Shares) at the initial issuance price of $25.00
per share on September 26, 2014. Sit Fixed Income Advisors II, LLC ( Sit ) is registered as a  commodity trading
advisor  and acts as such for the Fund. On January 8, 2015, Sit increased the seeding of the Fund with a capital contribution
of $5,000,000 at the initial issuance price of $25.00 per share. From September 26, 2014 through February 18, 2015 the Fund had
no operating activities. 

The Fund commenced investment operations
on February 19, 2015. The Fund commenced trading on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the  NYSE Arca ) on February 19, 2015 and
trades under the symbol  RISE . 

Sit is paid a fee equal to 0.50%
per annum, effective January 27, 2016, of the value of the Fund s average daily net assets for its services as the
commodity trading advisor to the Fund, payable by the Fund. Sit is a subsidiary of Sit Investment Associates, Inc. 

The Fund s investment objective is
to profit from rising interest rates by tracking the performance of a portfolio (the  Benchmark Portfolio ) consisting
of exchange traded futures contracts and options on futures on 2, 5 and 10 year U.S. Treasury securities ( Treasury Instruments )
weighted to achieve a targeted negative 10 year average effective portfolio duration (the  Benchmark Component Instruments ).
The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing in the Benchmark Component Instruments currently constituting the
Benchmark Portfolio. The Benchmark Portfolio is maintained by Sit and will be rebalanced, reconstituted, or both, monthly (typically
on the 15 th  of each month and on the next business day if the 15 th  is a holiday, weekend, or other day on
which the national exchanges are closed) to maintain a negative 10 year average effective duration. The Benchmark Portfolio and
the Fund will each maintain a short position in Treasury Instruments. The Fund does not use futures contracts or options to obtain
leveraged investment results. The Fund will not invest in swaps or other over the counter derivative instruments. 

The weighting of the Treasury Instruments
constituting the Benchmark Component Instruments will be based on each maturity s duration contribution. The expected range
for the duration weighted percentage of the 2 year and 5 year maturity Treasury Instruments will be from 30% to 70%. The expected
range for the duration weighted percentage of the 10 year maturity Treasury Instruments will be from 5% to 25%. The relative weightings
of the Benchmark Component Instruments will be shifted between maturities when there are material changes in the shape of the yield
curve, for example, if the Federal Reserve began raising short term interest rates more than long term interest rates. In such
an instance, Sit, which maintains the Benchmark Portfolio, will elect to increase the weightings of the 2 year and reduce the weighting
in the 10 year maturity. Conversely, Sit will do the opposite if the Federal Reserve began raising long term interest rates more
than short term interest rates. Reconstitution and rebalancing each will occur monthly, on the 15th, except for as noted above
or if there are radical changes in the yield curve such that effective duration is outside of a range from negative nine to negative
11-year average effective duration, in which case Sit will adjust the maturities of the Treasury Instruments before the next expected
monthly reconstitution. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

The Sponsor anticipates that approximately
5% to 15% of the Fund s assets will be used as payment for or collateral for Treasury Instruments. In order to collateralize
its Treasury Instrument positions the Fund will hold such assets, from which it will post margin to its futures commission merchant
( FCM ), SG Americas Securities, LLC, in an amount equal to the margin required by the relevant exchange, and transfer
to its FCM any additional amounts that may be separately required by the FCM. When establishing positions in Treasury Instruments,
the Fund will be required to deposit initial margin with a value of approximately 3% to 10% of the value of each Treasury Instrument
position at the time it is established. These margin requirements are subject to change from time to time by the exchange or the
FCM. On a daily basis, the Fund will be obligated to pay, or entitled to receive, variation margin in an amount equal to the change
in the daily settlement level of its Treasury Instruments positions. Any assets not required to be posted as margin with the FCM
will be held at the Fund s administrator in cash or cash equivalents as discussed below. 

The Benchmark Portfolio will be invested
in Benchmark Component Instruments and rebalanced, as noted above to maintain a negative average effective portfolio duration of
approximately 10 years. Duration is a measure of estimated price sensitivity relative to changes in interest rates. Portfolios
with longer durations are typically more sensitive to changes in interest rates. For example, if interest rates rise by 1%, the
market value of a security with an effective duration of 5 years would decrease by 5%, with all other factors being constant, and
likewise the market value of a security with an effective duration of negative 5 years would increase by 5%, with all other factors
being constant. The correlation between duration and price sensitivity is greater for securities rated investment-grade than it
is for securities rated below investment-grade. 

Duration estimates are based on assumptions
by Sit and are subject to a number of limitations. Effective duration is calculated based on historical price changes of U.S. Treasuries
and Treasury Instruments held by the Benchmark Portfolio, and therefore is a more accurate estimate of price sensitivity provided
interest rates remain within their historical range. Investments in debt securities typically decrease in value when interest rates
rise. The risk is usually greater for longer-term debt securities. 

The Fund will incur certain expenses in
connection with its operations. The Fund will hold cash or cash equivalents such as U.S. Treasuries or other high credit quality,
short-term fixed-income or similar securities for direct investment or as collateral for the Treasury Instruments and for other
liquidity purposes and to meet redemptions that may be necessary on an ongoing basis. These expenses and income from the cash and
cash equivalent holdings may cause imperfect correlation between changes in the Fund s net asset value ( NAV )
and changes in the Benchmark Portfolio, because the Benchmark Portfolio does not reflect expenses or income. 

The Fund seeks to trade its positions prior
to maturity; accordingly, natural market forces may cost the Fund while rebalancing. Each time the Fund seeks to reconstitute its
positions, barring movement in the underlying securities, the futures and option prices may be higher or lower. Such differences
in price, barring a movement in the price of the underlying security, will constitute  roll yield  and may inhibit
the Fund s ability to achieve its investment objective. 

Several factors determine the total return
from investing in a futures contract position. One factor that impacts the total return that will result from investing in near
month futures contracts and  rolling  those contracts forward each month is the price relationship between the current
near month contract and the next month contract. 

When the Fund purchases an option
that expires  out of the money,  the Fund will realize a loss. The Fund may not be able to invest the
its assets in futures and options contracts having an aggregate notional amount exactly equal to that which is
required to achieve a negative 10 year average effective duration. For example, as standardized contracts, U.S. Treasury
futures contracts are denominated in specific dollar amounts, and the Fund s NAV and the proceeds from the sale of a
Creation Basket are unlikely to be an exact multiple of the amounts of those contracts. As a result, in such circumstances,
the Fund may be better able to achieve the exact amount of exposure desired through the use of other investments. 

The Sponsor will close existing positions
when it determines it would be appropriate to do so and reinvest the proceeds in other positions. Positions may also be closed
out to meet orders for Redemption Baskets. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

(a) Basis of Accounting  

The accompanying financial statements of
the Fund have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

The accompanying financial statements
are unaudited, but in the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) considered
necessary to present fairly the financial statements have been made. These interim financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the Fund s annual 10K filing and the Fund s Prospectus dated January 26, 2016. Interim period results are not necessarily indicative of results for
a full-year period. 

(b) Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. There were no significant estimates
used in the preparation of the financial statements. 

(c) Cash  

Cash, when shown in the Statements
of Financial Condition, represents non-segregated cash with the custodian and does not include short-term investments. 

(d) Cash Held by Broker  

Sit is registered as
a  commodity trading advisor  and acts as such for the Fund. Sit is a subsidiary of Sit Investment Associates,
Inc. The Fund s arrangement with SG Americas Securities, LLC, the Fund s FCM, requires the Fund to meet its
variation margin requirement related to the price movements, both positive and negative, on futures contracts held by the
Fund by keeping cash on deposit with the Commodity Broker. These amounts are shown as Segregated cash held by broker in
the Statements of Financial Condition. The Fund deposits cash and United States Treasury Obligations with the FCM subject to
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) regulations and various exchange and broker requirements. The
combination of the Fund s deposits with its FCM of cash and United States Treasury Obligations and the unrealized gain
or loss on open futures contracts (variation margin) represents the Fund s overall equity in its brokerage trading
account. The Fund uses its cash held by the FCM to satisfy variation margin requirements. The Fund earns interest on its cash
deposited with the FCM and is recorded on the accrual basis. 

(e) Final Net Asset Value for Fiscal
Period  

The calculation time of the Fund s
final net asset value for creation and redemption of Fund shares for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was at 4:00 p.m.
Eastern Time. 

Although the Fund s shares may continue
to trade on secondary markets subsequent to the calculation of the final NAV, the 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time represented the final
opportunity to transact in creation or redemption baskets for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

Fair value per share is determined at the
close of the NYSE Arca. 

For financial reporting purposes, the Fund
values its investment positions based upon the final closing price in their primary markets. Accordingly, the investment valuations
in these financial statements differ from those used in the calculation of the Fund s final creation/redemption NAV at September
30, 2016. 

(f) Investment Valuation  

Short-term investments, excluding U.S.
Treasury Bills, are carried at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. U.S. Treasury Bills are valued as determined by an
independent pricing service based on methods which include consideration of: yields or prices of securities of comparable quality,
coupon, maturity and type; indications as to values from dealers; and general market conditions. 

Futures contracts are valued at the last
settled price on the applicable exchange on which that futures contract trades. 

(g) Financial Instruments and Fair Value  

The Fund discloses the fair value of its
investments in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) fair value measurement and disclosure guidance which
requires a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The disclosure
requirements establish a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between: (1) market participant assumptions developed based on
market data obtained from sources independent to the Fund (observable inputs); and (2) the Fund s own assumptions about market
participant assumptions developed based on the best information available under the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The three
levels defined by the disclosure requirements hierarchy are as follows: 

Level I: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in
active markets for identical assets and liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level II: Inputs other than quoted prices
included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level II inputs include
the following: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets
or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability,
and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market-corroborated
inputs). 

Level III: Unobservable pricing input at
the measurement date for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs shall be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable
inputs are not available. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

In some instances, the inputs used to measure
fair value might fall in different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair
value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest input level that is significant to the fair value
measurement in its entirety. 

Fair value measurements also require additional
disclosure when the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability have significantly decreased, as well as when circumstances
indicate that a transaction is not orderly. 

The following tables summarize the valuation
of investments at September 30, 2016 and at June 30, 2016 using the fair value hierarchy: 

a   Included in Investments in short-term securities in
the Statements of Financial Condition. 

 b   Included in Options Written, at fair value in the
Statements of Financial Condition. 

 c   Included in Receivable on open futures contracts in
the Statements of Financial Condition. 

a   Included in Investments in short-term securities in
the Statements of Financial Condition. 

 b   Included in Options Written, at fair value in the
Statements of Financial Condition. 

 c   Included in Receivable and Payable on open futures
contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

Transfers between levels are
recognized at the end of the reporting period. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended June 30,
2016, the Fund recognized no transfers from Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3. 

The inputs or methodology used for valuing
investments are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities. 

(h) Investment Transactions and Related
Income  

Investment transactions are recorded on
the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis, and marked to market daily. Unrealized gain/loss
on open futures contracts is reflected in Receivable/Payable on open futures contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition
and the change in the unrealized gain/loss between periods is reflected in the Statements of Operations. Discounts on short-term
securities purchased are accreted daily and reflected as Interest Income in the Statements of Operations. 

(i) Federal Income Taxes  

The Fund is registered as a Delaware statutory
trust and is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, the Fund does not expect to incur U.S.
federal income tax liability; rather, each beneficial owner is required to take into account their allocable share of the Fund s
income, gain, loss, deductions and other items for the Fund s taxable year ending with or within the beneficial owner s
taxable year. 

Management of the Fund has reviewed the
open tax years and major jurisdictions and concluded that there is no tax liability resulting from unrecognized tax benefits relating
to uncertain income tax positions taken or expected to be taken in future tax returns. The Fund is also not aware of any tax positions
for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next twelve
months. On an ongoing basis, management will monitor its tax positions taken to determine if adjustments to its conclusions are
necessary based on factors including, but not limited to, further implementation of guidance expected from the Financial Accounting
Standards Board and on-going analysis of tax law, regulation, and interpretations thereof. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

(3) Investments  

(a) Short-Term Investments  

The Fund may purchase U.S. Treasury Bills,
agency securities, and other high-credit quality short-term fixed income or similar securities with original maturities of one
year or less. A portion of these investments may be used as margin for the Fund s trading in futures contracts. 

(b) Accounting for Derivative Instruments  

In seeking to achieve the
Fund s investment objective, Sit uses a mathematical approach to investing. Using this approach, Sit determines the
type, quantity and mix of investment positions that Sit believes in combination should produce returns consistent with the
Fund s objective. 

All open derivative positions at September
30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 for the Fund are disclosed in the Schedules of Investments and the notional value of these open positions
relative to the shareholders  capital of the Fund is generally representative of the notional value of open positions to
shareholder s capital throughout the reporting periods for the Fund. The volume associated with derivative positions varies
on a daily basis as the Fund transacts in derivative contracts in order to achieve the appropriate exposure, as expressed in notional
value, in comparison to shareholders  capital consistent with the Fund s investment objective. 

Following is a description of the derivative
instruments used by the Fund during the reporting period, including the primary underlying risk exposures. 

(c) Futures Contracts  

The Fund enters into futures contracts
to gain exposure to changes in the value of the Benchmark Portfolio. A futures contract obligates the seller to deliver (and the
purchaser to accept) the future cash settlement of a specified quantity and type of a treasury futures contract at a specified
time and place. The contractual obligations of a buyer or seller of a treasury futures contract may generally be satisfied by making
an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the designated date of delivery. 

Upon entering into a futures contract,
the Fund is required to deposit and maintain as collateral at least such initial margin as required by the exchange on which the
transaction is affected. The initial margin is segregated as Cash held by broker, as disclosed in the Statements of Financial Condition,
and is restricted as to its use. Pursuant to the futures contract, the Fund agrees to receive from or pay to the broker an amount
of cash equal to the daily fluctuation in value of the futures contract. Such receipts or payments are known as variation margin
and are recorded by the Fund as unrealized gains or losses. The Fund will realize a gain or loss upon closing a futures transaction. 

Futures contracts involve, to varying degrees,
elements of market risk (specifically treasury price risk) and exposure to loss in excess of the amount of variation margin. The
face or contract amounts reflect the extent of the total exposure the Fund has in the particular classes of instruments. Additional
risks associated with the use of futures contracts include imperfect correlation between movements in the price of the futures
contracts and the market value of the underlying securities and the possibility of an illiquid market for a futures contract. With
futures contracts, there is minimal counterparty risk to the Fund since futures contracts are exchange-traded and the exchange s
clearinghouse, as counterparty to all exchange-traded futures contracts, guarantees the futures contracts against default. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

Fair Value
of Derivative Instruments, as of September 30, 2016 

Assets Derivatives    
     Liability Derivatives  
 
     Derivatives    
     Statements of  Financial  Condition    
     Unrealized  Gain       
     Statements of   Financial  Condition    
     Unrealized  Loss     
 
     Interest Rate Risk    
     Receivable on open futures contracts    
     $  11,390  *    
     Written options, at fair value    
     $  (34,734  )**  

*    Represents cumulative
appreciation of futures contracts as reported in the Statements of Financial Condition.  

**    Represents cumulative
depreciation of options contracts as reported in the Statements of Financial Condition.  

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments, as
of June 30, 2016 

Asset Derivatives    
     Liability Derivatives  
 
     Derivatives    
     Statements of   Financial  Condition    
     Unrealized  Gain    
     Statements of  Financial  Condition    
     Unrealized  Loss     
 
     Interest Rate Risk    

Payable on open futures contracts    
     $  (217,860  )*  
 
     Interest Rate Risk    

Written options, at fair value    
     $  (113,156  )**  

*    Represents cumulative
depreciation of futures contracts as reported in the Statements of Financial Condition.  

**    Represents cumulative
depreciation of options contracts as reported in the Statements of Financial Condition.  

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on
the Statements of Operations 

 For the Three Months Ended September 30,
2016 

Derivatives    
     Location of Gain(Loss) on Derivatives    
     Realized Gain  (Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in  Income       
     Change in Unrealized gain (loss)  on Derivatives Recognized in   Income     
 
     Interest Rate Risk    
     Net realized gain (loss) on futures and options contracts
    and/or Change in unrealized gain (loss) on futures and options contracts    
     $  (66,126  )    
     $  273,867  )  

The futures and options contracts open
at September 30, 2016 are indicative of the activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on
the Statements of Operations 

 For the Three
Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Derivatives    
     Location of Gain(Loss) on Derivatives    
     Realized Gain  (Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in  Income       
     Change in Unrealized gain (loss)  on Derivatives Recognized in   Income     
 
     Interest Rate Risk    
     Net realized gain (loss) on futures and options contracts
    and/or Change in unrealized gain (loss) on futures and options contracts    
     $  (78,839  )    
     $  (112,211  )  

The futures and options contracts open
at September 30, 2015 are indicative of the activity for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

(4) Agreements  

(a) Management Fee  

The Fund pays the Sponsor an annual
management fee, monthly in arrears, in an amount calculated as the greater of 0.15% of its average daily net assets, or
$75,000 effective February 20, 2016 ($56,250 prior to February 20, 2016) (the  Sponsor Fee ). The Sponsor Fee is
paid in consideration of the Sponsor s advisory services to the Fund. Additionally, Sit receives an annual fee, monthly
in arrears, for its services equal to 0.50% effective January 27, 2016 (0.35% prior to January 27, 2016) of the Fund s
average daily net assets. As of February 19, 2015, Sit has agreed to waive its license and service fee ( CTA
fee ) and the Sponsor has voluntarily agreed to correspondingly assume the remaining expenses of the Fund so that Fund
expenses do not exceed an annual rate of 1.50%, excluding brokerage commissions and interest expense, of the value of the
Fund s average daily net assets (the  Expense Cap ). The assumption of expenses and waiver of the CTA fee
are contractual on the part of the Sponsor and Sit, respectively, through February 1, 2018. 

The waiver of the CTA fees, pursuant
to the undertaking, amounted to $16,335 and $5,793 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
respectively. The Fund currently accrues its daily expenses up to the Expense Cap. At the end of each month, the accrued
amount is remitted to the Sponsor as the Sponsor has assumed, and is responsible for the payment of, the routine operational,
administrative and other ordinary expenses of the Fund in excess of the Expense Cap which aggregated $79,991 and $84,620 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

(b) The Administrator, Custodian, Fund Accountant and Transfer
Agent  

The Fund has appointed U.S. Bank, a national
banking association, with its principal office in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the custodian (the  Custodian ). Its affiliate,
U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, is the Fund accountant ( the Fund accountant ) of the Fund, transfer agent (the  Transfer
Agent ) for Fund shares and administrator for the Fund (the  Administrator ). It performs certain administrative
and accounting services for the Fund and prepares certain SEC, NFA and CFTC reports on behalf of the Fund. (U.S. Bank and U.S.
Bancorp Fund Services are referred to collectively hereinafter as  U.S. Bank ). 

Effective February 19, 2016, the Fund has
agreed to pay U.S. Bank 0.05% of assets under management ( AUM ), with a $50,000 minimum annual fee payable for its
administrative, accounting and transfer agent services and 0.01% of AUM, with an annual minimum of $4,800 for custody services.
For the first year of services, the Fund paid U.S. Bank 0.05% of AUM, with a $45,000 minimum annual fee payable for its administrative,
accounting and transfer agent services and 0.01% of AUM, with an annual minimum of $4,800 for custody services. The Fund paid U.S.
Bank $13,812 and $12,518 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

(c) The Distributor  

Effective December 1, 2015, ALPS Distributors,
Inc. (the  Distributor ) provides statutory and wholesaling distribution services to the Fund. The Fund pays an annual
fee for such distribution services and related administrative services equal to 0.02% of the Fund s average daily net assets,
with a minimum of $15,000 payable annually. This fee has two components, with a portion of the fee paid to ALPS Distributors, Inc.
for the statutory distribution services and a portion paid to the Sponsor for the related administrative services. Pursuant to
the Marketing Agent Agreement between the Sponsor, the Fund and the Distributor, the Distributor assists the Sponsor and the Fund
with certain functions and duties relating to distribution and marketing services to the Fund, including reviewing and approving
marketing materials and certain regulatory compliance matters. The Distributor also assists with the processing of creation and
redemption orders. 

Esposito Securities LLC ( Esposito )
provided statutory and wholesaling distribution services to the Fund through November 30, 2015. The Fund paid Esposito an annual
fee for such distribution services, equal to 0.02% of Fund average daily net assets, with a minimum of $15,000 payable annually.
Pursuant to the Distribution Services Agreement between the Sponsor, the Fund and Esposito, the former distributor assisted the
Sponsor and the Fund with certain functions and duties relating to distribution and marketing services to the Fund, including reviewing
and approving marketing materials and certain regulatory compliance matters. Esposito also assisted with the processing of creation
and redemption orders. 

The Fund incurred $3,811 and $3,770 in
distribution and related administrative services for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively,
as disclosed in the Statements of Operations. 

(d) The Commodity Broker  

SG Americas Securities, LLC (the  Commodity
Broker ), a Delaware limited liability company, serves as the Fund s clearing broker. In its capacity as clearing broker,
the Commodity Broker executes and clears the Fund s futures transactions and performs certain administrative services for
the Fund. 

The Fund pays respective brokerage commissions,
including applicable exchange fees, National Futures Association ( NFA ) fees, give up fees, pit brokerage fees
and other transaction related fees and expenses charged in connection with trading activities in CFTC regulated investments. Brokerage
commissions on futures contracts are recognized on a half-turn basis. 

The Sponsor does not expect brokerage commissions
and fees to exceed 0.126% of the net asset value of the Fund for execution and clearing services on behalf of the Fund, although
the actual amount of brokerage commissions and fees in any year or any part of any year may be greater. The effects of trading
spreads, financing costs associated with financial instruments, and costs relating to the purchase of U.S. Treasury Securities
or similar high credit quality short-term fixed-income or similar securities are not included in the foregoing analysis. The Fund
incurred $6,377 and $3,628 in brokerage commissions and fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
respectively, as disclosed in the Statements of Operations. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

(e) The Trustee  

Under the Amended and Restated Declaration
of Trust and Trust Agreement (the  Trust Agreement ), Wilmington Trust Company, the Trustee of the Fund (the  Trustee )
serves as the sole trustee of the Fund in the State of Delaware. The Trustee will accept service of legal process on the Fund in
the State of Delaware and will make certain filings under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. Under the Trust Agreement, the Sponsor
has the exclusive management and control of all aspects of the business of the Fund. The Trustee does not owe any other duties
to the Fund, the Sponsor or the Shareholders of the Fund. The Trustee has no duty or liability to supervise or monitor the performance
of the Sponsor, nor does the Trustee have any liability for the acts or omissions of the Sponsor. For the three months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Fund incurred $1,260 and $1,256, respectively, in trustee fees which is included in Other
Expenses in the Statements of Operations. 

(f) Routine Offering, Operational, Administrative and Other
Ordinary Expenses  

The Sponsor, in accordance with the
Fund s Expense Cap limitation pays all of the routine offering, operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses
of the Fund in excess of 1.50% (excluding brokerage commissions and interest expense) of the Fund s average daily net
assets, including, but not limited to, accounting and computer services, the fees and expenses of the Trustee, Administrator,
Custodian, Transfer Agent and Distributor, legal and accounting fees and expenses, tax return preparation expenses, filing
fees, and printing, mailing and duplication costs. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the
Fund incurred $151,707 and $118,864, respectively, in routine offering, operational, administrative or other ordinary
expenses. 

The CTA fee waiver by Sit and the assumption
of Fund expenses above the Expense Cap by the Sponsor, pursuant to the undertaking (as discussed in Note 4a), amounted to $16,335
and $79,991, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $5,793 and $84,620, respectively, for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. 

(g) Organizational and Offering Costs  

Expenses incurred in connection with organizing
the Fund and up to the offering of its Shares upon commencement of its investment operations on February 19, 2015, were paid by
the Sponsor and Sit without reimbursement. 

Accordingly, all such expenses are not reflected in the Statements of Operations. The
Fund will bear the costs of its continuous offering of Shares and ongoing offering expenses. Such ongoing offering costs will be
included as a portion of the Routine Offering, Operational, Administrative and Other Ordinary Expenses. These costs will include
registration fees for regulatory agencies and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated therewith. These costs
will be accounted for as a deferred charge and thereafter amortized to expense over twelve months on a straight-line basis or a
shorter period if warranted. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, and September 30, 2015, respectively, the Fund did not incur such expenses. 

(h) Extraordinary Fees and Expenses  

The Fund will pay all extraordinary fees
and expenses, if any. Extraordinary fees and expenses are fees and expenses which are nonrecurring and unusual in nature, such
as legal claims and liabilities, litigation costs or indemnification or other unanticipated expenses. Such extraordinary fees and
expenses, by their nature, are unpredictable in terms of timing and amount. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, and
September 30, 2015, respectively, the Fund did not incur such expenses. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

(5) Creations and Redemptions  

The Fund issues and redeems Shares from
time to time, but only in one or more Creation Baskets. A Creation Basket is a block of 50,000 Shares of the Fund. Baskets may
be created or redeemed only by Authorized Participants. 

Except when aggregated in Creation Baskets,
the Shares are not redeemable securities. Retail investors, therefore, generally will not be able to purchase or redeem Shares
directly from or with the Fund. Rather, most retail investors will purchase or sell Shares in the secondary market with the assistance
of a broker. Thus, some of the information contained in these Notes to Financial Statements   such as references to the Transaction
Fee imposed on creations and redemptions   is not relevant to retail investors. 

(a) Transaction Fees on Creation and Redemption Transactions  

In connection with orders to create and
redeem one or more Creation Baskets, an Authorized Participant is required to pay a transaction fee, or AP Transaction Fee, of
$500 per order, which goes directly to the Custodian. The AP Transaction Fees are paid by the Authorized Participants and not by
the Fund. 

(b) Share Transactions  

(6) Risk  

(a) Investment Related Risk  

The NAV of the Fund s shares relates
directly to the value of the U.S. treasuries, cash and cash equivalents held by the Fund and the portfolio s negative effective
duration established and maintained through the Fund s investment in Treasury Instruments. Fluctuations in the prices of
these assets could materially adversely affect the value and performance of an investment in the Fund s shares. Past performance
is not necessarily indicative of future results; all or substantially all of an investment in the Fund could be lost. 

Investments in debt securities typically
decrease in value when interest rates rise, however, the Fund attempts to maintain a portfolio with a negative effective duration
and therefore anticipates that an increase in interest rates may increase the Fund s value, and a decrease in rates may lower
the Fund s value. The NAV of the Fund s shares relates directly to the value of U.S. Treasuries and Treasury Instruments
held by the Fund which are materially impacted by interest rate movements. The magnitude of the impact on value from a change in
interest rates is often greater for longer-term fixed income than shorter-term securities. Interest rates have been near historic
lows since the market events of 2008 and may remain low. 

Interest rate movements are heavily influenced
by the action of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and other central banks. Their actions are based on judgments
and policies which involve numerous political and economic factors which are unpredictable. Recent interest rate and monetary policies
have been unprecedented and may continue to be so. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

The Fund attempts to track a portfolio
benchmark. The performance of the Fund may not closely track the performance of the benchmark portfolio for a variety of reasons.
For example, the Fund incurs operating expenses and portfolio transaction costs not incurred by the benchmark. The Fund is also
required to manage cash flows and may experience operational inefficiencies the benchmark does not. In addition, the Fund may not
be fully invested in the contents of its benchmark at all times or may hold securities not included in its benchmark. 

The Fund invests in Treasury Instruments
and U.S. treasuries with exposure to different maturity dates. Generally, the Fund s exposure to securities with maturities
of 2 and 5 years will be greater than its exposure to securities with maturities of 10 years. Interest rates do not change uniformly
for U.S. Treasuries of different maturities and therefore if interest rates rise, the investment performance of the Fund will be
impacted by the Fund s current maturity exposure which may be different from the expectations of the Sponsor and investors
in the Fund. At any time, the Fund s maturity exposure may not be optimal with respect to a movement in interest rates which
would negatively impact performance. 

(b) Liquidity Risk  

In certain circumstances, such as the disruption
of the orderly markets for the futures contracts or Financial Instruments in which the Fund invests, the Fund might not be able
to dispose of certain holdings quickly or at prices that represent what the market value may have been in an orderly market. Futures
and option positions cannot always be liquidated at the desired price. It is difficult to execute a trade at a specific price when
there is a relatively small volume of buy and sell orders in a market. A market disruption can also make it difficult to liquidate
a position. The large size of the positions that the Fund may acquire increases the risk of illiquidity both by making its positions
more difficult to liquidate and by potentially increasing losses while trying to do so. Such a situation may prevent the Fund from
limiting losses, realizing gains or achieving a high correlation with the Benchmark Portfolio. 

(7) Profit and Loss Allocations and
Distributions  

Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, income
and expenses are allocated  pro rata  among the Shareholders monthly based on their respective percentage interests as of
the close of the last trading day of the preceding month. Any losses allocated to the Sponsor which are in excess of the Sponsor s
capital balance are allocated to the Shareholders in accordance with their respective interest in the Fund as a percentage of total
Shareholders  capital. Distributions (other than redemption of units) may be made at the sole discretion of the Sponsor on
a  pro rata  basis in accordance with the respective interests of the Shareholders. 

(8) Indemnifications  

The Sponsor, either in its own capacity
or in its capacity as the Sponsor and on behalf of the Fund, has entered into various service agreements that contain a variety
of representations, or provide indemnification provisions related to certain risks service providers undertake in performing services
which are in the best interests of the Fund. As of September 30, 2016, the Fund had not received any claims or incurred any losses
pursuant to these agreements and expects the risk of such losses to be remote. 

(9) Termination  

The term of the Fund is perpetual unless
terminated earlier in certain circumstances as described in the Prospectus. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) (continued)  

(10) Net Asset Value and Financial Highlights  

The Fund is presenting the following net
asset value and financial highlights related to investment performance for a Share outstanding throughout the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The net investment income and total expense ratios are calculated using
average net assets. The net asset value presentation is calculated by dividing the Fund s net assets by the average daily
number of Shares outstanding. The net investment income (loss) and expense ratios have been annualized. The total return is based
on the change in net asset value and market value of the Shares during the period. An individual investor s return and ratios
may vary based on the timing of their transactions in Fund Shares. 

*      Percentages are annualized. 

**    Percentages
are not annualized. 

*** As of February 19, 2015 Fund expenses have been capped at
1.50% of average daily net assets, plus brokerage commissions and interest expense, as disclosed in Note 4. 

( 11)
New Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-07  Disclosure for
Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent) . The amendments in ASU
No. 2015-07 remove the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy investments measured using the NAV practical
expedient. The ASU also removes certain disclosure requirements for investments that qualify, but do not utilize, the NAV
practical expedient. The amendments in the ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Management has evaluated the impact these changes have on the Funds 
financial statements and related disclosures and determined they are not material. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

This information should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and notes included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report (the  Report ). The discussion
and analysis which follows may contain trend analysis and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial results. Words
such as  anticipate,   expect,   intend,   plan,   believe,   seek, 
 outlook  and  estimate,  as well as similar words and phrases, signify forward-looking statements. ETF
Managers Group Commodity Trust I s forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results and conditions, and important
factors, risks and uncertainties may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking
statements.  

You should not place undue reliance
on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the Federal securities laws, ETF Managers Capital, LLC undertakes
no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risks, uncertainties or other factors described
in this Report, as a result of new information, future events or changed circumstances or for any other reason after the date of
this Report.  

Overview  

The Trust is a Delaware statutory trust
formed on July 23, 2014. It is a series trust currently consisting of one series: Sit Rising Rate ETF (the  Fund  and
any future series will be a  Fund ). The Fund issues common units, called the  Shares,  representing fractional
undivided beneficial interests in the Fund. The Trust and the Fund operate pursuant to the Trust s Amended and Restated Declaration
of Trust and Trust Agreement (the  Trust Agreement ). 

The Sponsor has the power and authority
to establish and designate one or more series and to issue shares thereof, from time to time as it deems necessary or desirable.  The
Sponsor has exclusive power to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences as between the shares of any series as to
the right of redemption, special and relative rights as to dividends and other distributions and on liquidation, conversion rights,
and conditions under which the series shall have separate voting rights or no voting rights. The term for which the Trust is to
exist commenced on the date of the filing of the Certificate of Trust, and the Trust, the Fund, and any additional series created
in the future will exist in perpetuity, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement.  Separate
and distinct records shall be maintained for each Fund and the assets associated with a Fund shall be held in such separate and
distinct records (directly or indirectly, including a nominee or otherwise) and accounted for in such separate and distinct records
separately from the assets of any other series.  The Fund and each future series will be separate from all such series
in respect of the assets and liabilities allocated to the Fund and each separate series and will represent a separate investment
portfolio of the Trust. 

The sole Trustee of the Trust is Wilmington
Trust, N.A. (the  Trustee ), and the Trustee serves as the Trust s corporate trustee as required under the Delaware
Statutory Trust Act ( DSTA ).  The Trustee s principal offices are located at 1100 North Market Street,
Wilmington, Delaware 19890. The Trustee is unaffiliated with the Sponsor.  The rights and duties of the Trustee and the
Sponsor with respect to the offering of the Shares and Fund management and the shareholders are governed by the provisions of the
DSTA and by the Trust Agreement. 

On January 29, 2015, the initial Form S-1
for the Fund was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). On January 8, 2015, 4 Creation
Baskets for the Fund were issued representing 200,000 shares and $5,000,000. The Fund began trading on the New York Stock Exchange
( NYSE ) Arca on February 19, 2015. 

The Fund is designed and managed to track
the performance of a portfolio (the  Benchmark Portfolio ) consisting of exchange traded futures contracts and options
on futures on 2, 5 and 10-year U.S. Treasury securities ( Treasury Instruments ) weighted to achieve a targeted negative
10 year average effective portfolio duration (the  Benchmark Component Instruments ). 

The Investment Objective of the Fund  

The Fund s investment objective is
to profit from rising interest rates by tracking the performance of the Benchmark Portfolio consisting of exchange traded futures
contracts and options on futures on 2, 5 and 10-year U.S. Treasury securities weighted to achieve a targeted negative 10 year average
effective portfolio duration. The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing in the Benchmark Component Instruments
currently constituting the Benchmark Portfolio. 

The Benchmark Portfolio  

The Benchmark Portfolio is maintained by
Sit Fixed Income Advisors II, LLC ( Sit ), which also serves as the Fund s commodity trading advisor. The Benchmark
Portfolio will be rebalanced, reconstituted, or both, monthly (typically on the 15th of each month or on the next business day
if the 15th is a holiday, weekend, or other day on which the national exchanges are closed) to maintain a negative 10 year average
effective duration. The Benchmark Portfolio and the Fund will each maintain a short position in Treasury Instruments. The Fund
does not use futures contracts or options to obtain leveraged investment results. 

The Fund will not invest in swaps or other
over-the-counter derivative instruments. 

The Benchmark Component Instruments currently
constituting the Benchmark Portfolio as of September 30, 2016 include: 

The Benchmark Component Instruments currently
constituting the Benchmark Portfolio and anticipated rebalancing dates, as well as the daily holdings of the Fund, are available
on the Fund s website at  www.risingrateetf.com  . 

The weighting of the Treasury Instruments
constituting the Benchmark Component Instruments will be based on each maturity s duration contribution. The expected range
for the duration weighted percentage of the 2 year and 5 year maturity Treasury Instruments will be from 30% to 70%. The expected
range for the duration weighted percentage of the 10 year maturity Treasury Instruments will be from 5% to 25%. The relative weightings
of the Benchmark Component Instruments will be shifted between maturities when there are material changes in the shape of the yield
curve, for example, if the Federal Reserve began raising short term interest rates more than long term interest rates. In such
an instance, Sit, which maintains the Benchmark Portfolio, will increase the weightings of the 2 year and reduce the weighting
in the 10 year maturity Treasury Instruments. Conversely, Sit will do the opposite if the Federal Reserve began raising long term
interest rates more than short term interest rates. Reconstitution and rebalancing each will occur monthly, on the 15th, except
for as noted above or if there are radical changes in the yield curve such that effective duration is outside of a range from negative
nine to negative 11-year average effective duration, in which case Sit will adjust the maturities of the Treasury Instruments before
the next expected monthly reconstitution. 

The Sponsor anticipates that approximately
5% to 15% of the Fund s assets will be used as payment for or collateral for Treasury Instruments. In order to collateralize
its Treasury Instrument positions the Fund will hold such assets, from which it will post margin to its FCM, in an amount equal
to the margin required by the relevant exchange, and transfer to its FCM any additional amounts that may be separately required
by the FCM. When establishing positions in Treasury Instruments, the Fund will be required to deposit initial margin with a value
of approximately 3% to 10% of the value of each Treasury Instrument position at the time it is established. These margin requirements
are subject to change from time to time by the exchange or the FCM. On a daily basis, the Fund will be obligated to pay, or entitled
to receive, variation margin in an amount equal to the change in the daily settlement level of its Treasury Instruments positions.
Any assets not required to be posted as margin with the FCM will be held at the Fund s administrator in cash or cash equivalents
as discussed below. 

The Benchmark Portfolio will be invested
in Benchmark Component Instruments and rebalanced, as noted above, to maintain a negative average effective portfolio duration
of approximately 10 years. Duration is a measure of estimated price sensitivity relative to changes in interest rates. Portfolios
with longer durations are typically more sensitive to changes in interest rates. For example, if interest rates rise by 1%, the
market value of a security with an effective duration of 5 years would decrease by 5%, with all other factors being constant, and
likewise the market value of a security with an effective duration of negative 5 years would increase by 5%, with all other factors
being constant. Duration estimates are based on assumptions by Sit and are subject to a number of limitations. Duration is a more
accurate estimate of price sensitivity provided interest rate changes are small and occur equally in short-term and long-term securities.
Investments in debt securities typically decrease in value when interest rates rise. The risk is usually greater for longer-term
debt securities. 

The Fund will incur certain expenses in
connection with its operations. The Fund will hold cash or cash equivalents such as U.S. Treasuries or other high credit quality,
short-term fixed-income or similar securities for direct investment or as collateral for the Treasury Instruments and for other
liquidity purposes and to meet redemptions that may be necessary on an ongoing basis. These expenses and income from the cash and
cash equivalent holdings may cause imperfect correlation between changes in the Fund s NAV and changes in the Benchmark Portfolio,
because the Benchmark Portfolio does not reflect expenses or income. 

The Sponsor  

ETF Managers Capital, LLC is the
sponsor of the Trust and the Fund. The Sponsor is a Delaware limited liability company, formed on June 12, 2014. The
principal office is located at 30 Maple Street, Suite 2, Summit, NJ 07901. The Sponsor is registered as a commodity pool
operator ( CPO ) with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) and became a member of the
National Futures Association ( NFA ) on September 23, 2014. The Trust and the Fund operate pursuant to the Trust
Agreement. 

The Sponsor is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Exchange Traded Managers Group LLC ( ETFMG ), a limited liability company domiciled and headquartered in New Jersey.
The Sponsor maintains its main business office at 30 Maple Street, Suite 2, Summit, NJ 07901. 

Under the Trust Agreement, the Sponsor
has exclusive management and control of all aspects of the Trust s business. The Trustee has no duty or liability to supervise
the performance of the Sponsor, nor will the Trustee have any liability for the acts or omissions of the Sponsor. The shareholders
have no voice in the day to day management of the business and operations of the Fund and the Trust, other than certain limited
voting rights as set forth in the Trust Agreement. In the course of its management of the business and affairs of the Fund and
the Trust, the Sponsor may, in its sole and absolute discretion, appoint an affiliate or affiliates of the Sponsor as additional
sponsors and retain such persons, including affiliates of the Sponsor, as it deems necessary to effectuate and carry out the purposes,
business and objectives of the Trust. 

Results of Operations  

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE
FUND NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE
PERFORMANCE.   

The per Share market value of RISE and
its NAV tracked closely for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE
FUND NOR THE PRIOR BENCHMARK PORTFOLIO LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S
FUTURE PERFORMANCE.   

The graph above compares the return of
RISE with the benchmark portfolio returns for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The difference in the NAV price and the
benchmark value often results in the appearance of a NAV discount to the benchmark. The difference is related to the cumulative
impact on NAV of the Fund s expenses. 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE
FUND NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE
PERFORMANCE.   

The per Share market value of RISE and its
NAV tracked closely for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE
FUND NOR THE PRIOR BENCHMARK PORTFOLIO LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S
FUTURE PERFORMANCE.   

The graph above compares the return of
RISE with the benchmark portfolio returns for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The difference in the NAV price and
the benchmark value often results in the appearance of a NAV discount to the benchmark. The difference is related to
the cumulative impact on NAV of the Fund s expenses. 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

Fund Share Price Performance  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, the NYSE Arca market value of each Share decreased (-0.81%) from $22.34 per Share, representing the closing trade on
June 30, 2016, to $22.52 per Share, representing the closing price on September 30, 2016. The Share price high and low for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and related change from the closing Share price on June 30, 2016 was as follows: Shares traded
from a high of $22.79 per Share (+2.01%) on August 26, 2016 to a low of $22.17 per Share (-0.76%) on July 5, 2016. 

Fund Share Net Asset Performance  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, the net asset value of each Share increased (+1.03%) from $22.33 per Share, representing the closing net asset value per
Share on June 30, 2016, to $22.56 per Share. Gains in the futures and options contracts offset Fund expenses resulting in the overall
increase in the NAV per Share during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Net income for the three months ended September
30, 2016, was $159,234, resulting from net realized losses on futures and options contracts of $66,126, net unrealized gains on
futures and options contracts of $273,867, and the net investment loss of $48,507.  

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015  

Fund Share Price Performance  

During the three months ended September
30, 2015, the NYSE Arca market value of each Share decreased (-3.72%) from $24.43 per Share, representing the closing trade on
June 30, 2015, to $23.52 per Share, representing the closing price on September 30, 2015. The Share price high and low for the
three months ended September 30, 2015 and related change from the closing Share price on June 30, 2015 was as follows: Shares traded
from a high of $24.35 per Share (-0.34%) on July 20, 2015 to a low of $23.50 per Share (-3.81%) on September 29, 2015. 

Fund Share Net Asset Value Performance  

For the three months ended September 30,
2015, the net asset value of each Share decreased (-3.14%) from $24.21 per Share, representing the closing net asset value per
Share on June 30, 2015, to $23.48 per Share. Losses in the futures and options contracts and Fund expenses resulted in the overall
decrease in the NAV per Share during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net loss for the three months ended September
30, 2015, was $219,501 resulting from net realized losses on futures and options contracts of $78,839, net unrealized losses on
futures and options contracts of $112,211, and the net investment loss of $28,451. 

Calculating NAV  

The Fund s NAV is calculated by: 

Taking the current market value of its total assets; 

Subtracting any liabilities; and 

Dividing that total by the total number of outstanding
shares. 

The Administrator calculates the NAV of
the Fund once each NYSE Arca trading day. The NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:00 p.m. New York time. Trading
during the core trading session on the NYSE Arca typically closes at 4:00 p.m. New York time. The Administrator uses the CME closing
price (determined at the earlier of the close of the CME or 2:30 p.m. New York time) for the contracts traded on the CME, but calculates
or determines the value of all other Fund investments using market quotations, if available, or other information customarily used
to determine the fair value of such investments as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE Arca or 4:00 p.m. New York time, in
accordance with the current Administrative Agency Agreement among U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, the Fund and the Sponsor.  Other
information  customarily used in determining fair value includes information consisting of market data in the relevant market
supplied by one or more third parties including, without limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities,
spreads, correlations or other market data in the relevant market; or information of the types described above from internal sources
if that information is of the same type used by the Fund in the regular course of its business for the valuation of similar transactions.
The information may include costs of funding, to the extent costs of funding are not and would not be a component of the other
information being utilized. Third parties supplying quotations or market data may include, without limitation, dealers in the relevant
markets, end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, brokers and other sources of market information. 

In addition, in order to provide updated
information relating to the Fund for use by investors and market professionals, the NYSE Arca calculates and disseminates throughout
the core trading session on each trading day an updated indicative fund value. The indicative fund value is calculated by using
the prior day s closing NAV per share of the Fund as a base and updating that value throughout the trading day to reflect
changes in the most recently reported trade price for the futures and options held by the Fund traded on the CME. The indicative
fund value share basis disseminated during NYSE Arca core trading session hours should not be viewed as an actual real time update
of the NAV, because the NAV is calculated only once at the end of each trading day based upon the relevant end of day values of
the Fund s investments. 

The indicative fund value is disseminated
on a per share basis every 15 seconds during regular NYSE Arca core trading session hours of 9:30 a.m. New York time to 4:00 p.m.
New York time. The normal trading hours of the CME are 10:00 a.m. New York time to 2:30 p.m. New York time. This means that there
is a gap in time at the beginning and the end of each day during which the Fund s shares are traded on the NYSE Arca, but
real-time CME trading prices for contracts traded on the CME are not available. During such gaps in time the indicative fund value
will be calculated based on the end of day price of such contracts from the CME s immediately preceding trading session.
In addition, other investments and U.S. Treasuries held by the Fund will be valued by the Administrator, using rates and points
received from client-approved third party vendors (such as Reuters and WM Company) and advisor quotes. These investments will not
be included in the indicative fund value. 

The NYSE Arca disseminates the indicative
fund value through the facilities of CTA/CQ High Speed Lines. In addition, the indicative fund value is published on the NYSE Arca s
website and is available through on-line information services such as Bloomberg and Reuters. 

Dissemination of the indicative fund value
provides additional information that is not otherwise available to the public and is useful to investors and market professionals
in connection with the trading of the Fund shares on the NYSE Arca. Investors and market professionals are able throughout the
trading day to compare the market price of the Fund and the indicative fund value. If the market price of the Fund shares diverges
significantly from the indicative fund value, market professionals will have an incentive to execute arbitrage trades. For example,
if the Fund appears to be trading at a discount compared to the indicative fund value, a market professional could buy the Fund
shares on the NYSE Arca and take the opposite position in Treasury Instruments. Such arbitrage trades can tighten the tracking
between the market price of the Fund and the indicative fund value and thus can be beneficial to all market participants. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The Fund s critical accounting policies
are as follows: 

Preparation of the financial statements
and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires the application of appropriate
accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. The Fund s application of these policies involves judgments
and the use of estimates. Actual results may differ from the estimates used and such differences could be material. The Fund holds
a significant portion of its assets in futures contracts and a money market fund, which are held at fair value. 

The Fund calculates its net asset value
as of the NAV Calculation Time as described above. 

The values which are used by the Fund for
its Treasury Instruments are provided by its commodity broker who uses market prices when available. In addition, the Fund estimates
interest income on a daily basis using prevailing rates earned on its cash and cash equivalents. These estimates are adjusted to
the actual amount received on a monthly basis and the difference, if any, is not considered material. 

Credit Risk  

When the Fund enters into Benchmark Component
Instruments, it will be exposed to the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations. For purposes
of credit risk, the counterparty for the Benchmark Component Instruments traded on the CME and other futures exchanges is the clearinghouse
associated with those exchanges. In general, clearinghouses are backed by their members who may be required to share in the financial
burden resulting from the nonperformance of one of their members, which should significantly reduce credit risk. There can be no
assurance that any counterparty, clearinghouse, or their financial backers will satisfy their obligations to the Fund. 

The Sponsor will attempt to minimize certain
of these market and credit risks by normally: 

executing and clearing trades with creditworthy counterparties, as determined by the Sponsor;   

limiting the outstanding amounts due from counterparties of the Fund;   

not posting margin directly with a counterparty;   

limiting the amount of margin or premium posted at the FCM; and   

ensuring that deliverable contracts are not held to such a date when delivery of an underlying
asset could be called for.   

The Commodity Exchange Act ( CEA )
requires all FCMs, such as the Fund s clearing broker, to meet and maintain specified fitness and financial requirements,
to segregate customer funds from proprietary funds and account separately for all customers  funds and positions, and to
maintain specified books and records open to inspection by the staff of the CFTC. The CFTC has similar authority over introducing
brokers, or persons who solicit or accept orders for commodity interest trades but who do not accept margin deposits for the execution
of trades. The CEA authorizes the CFTC to regulate trading by FCMs and by their officers and directors, permits the CFTC to require
action by exchanges in the event of market emergencies, and establishes an administrative procedure under which customers may institute
complaints for damages arising from alleged violations of the CEA. The CEA also gives the states powers to enforce its provisions
and the regulations of the CFTC. 

On November 14, 2013, the CFTC published
final regulations that require enhanced customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital
and liquidity standards, customer disclosures and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford
greater assurances to market participants that customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided
with appropriate notice of the risks of futures trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring
and managing risks in a robust manner, the capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations
and the auditing and examination programs of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs
in a thorough manner. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The Fund does not anticipate making use
of borrowings or other lines of credit to meet its obligations. The Fund meets its liquidity needs in the normal course of business
from the proceeds of the sale of its investments or from the cash, cash equivalents and/or the collateralizing Treasury Securities
that it holds. The Fund s liquidity needs include: redeeming its shares, providing margin deposits for existing Benchmark
Component Instruments, the purchase of additional Benchmark Component Instruments, and paying expenses. 

The Fund generates cash primarily from
(i) the sale of Creation Baskets and (ii) interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and their investments in collateralizing Treasury
Securities. Generally, all of the net assets of the Fund are allocated to trading in Benchmark Component Instruments. Most of the
assets of the Fund are held in Treasury Instruments, cash and/or cash equivalents that could or are used as margin or collateral
for trading in Benchmark Component Instruments. The percentage that such assets bear to the total net assets will vary from period
to period as the market values of the Benchmark Component Instruments change. Interest earned on interest-bearing assets of the
Fund is paid to the Fund. 

The investments of the Fund in Benchmark
Component Instruments could be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations and other
reasons. Such conditions could prevent the Fund from promptly liquidating a position in Benchmark Component Instruments. 

Market Risk  

Trading in Benchmark Component Instruments
such as futures contracts will involve the Fund entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell specific amounts of instruments
at a specified date in the future. The gross or face amount of the contracts is expected to significantly exceed the future cash
requirements of the Fund as the Fund intends to close out any open positions prior to the contractual expiration date. As a result,
the Fund s market risk is the risk of loss arising from the decline in value of the contracts, not from the need to make
delivery under the contracts. The Fund considers the  fair value  of derivative instruments to be the unrealized gain
or loss on the contracts. The market risk associated with the commitment by the Fund to purchase a specific contract will be limited
to the aggregate face amount of the contracts held. 

The exposure of the Fund to market risk
will depend on a number of factors including the markets for the specific instrument, the volatility of interest rates and foreign
exchange rates, the liquidity of the instrument-specific market and the relationships among the contracts held by the Fund. 

Regulatory Environment   

The regulation of futures markets, futures
contracts, and futures exchanges has historically been comprehensive. The CFTC and the exchanges are authorized to take extraordinary
actions in the event of a market emergency including, for example, the retroactive implementation of speculative position limits,
increased margin requirements, the establishment of daily price limits and the suspension of trading. 

The regulation of commodity interest transactions
in the United States is a rapidly changing area of law and is subject to ongoing modification by governmental and judicial action.
Considerable regulatory attention has been focused on non-traditional investment pools that are publicly distributed in the United
States. There is a possibility of future regulatory changes within the United States altering, perhaps to a material extent, the
nature of an investment in the Fund, or the ability of the Fund to continue to implement its investment strategy. The effect of
any future regulatory change on the Fund is impossible to predict but could be substantial and adverse. 

The CFTC possesses exclusive jurisdiction
to regulate the activities of commodity pool operators and has adopted regulations with respect to the activities of those persons
and/or entities. Under the CEA, a registered CPO, such as the Sponsor, is required to make annual filings with the CFTC describing
its organization, capital structure, management and controlling persons. In addition, the CEA authorizes the CFTC to require and
review books and records of, and documents prepared by, registered CPOs. Pursuant to this authority, the CFTC requires CPOs to
keep accurate, current and orderly records for each pool that they operate. The CFTC may suspend the registration of a commodity
pool operator (1) if the CFTC finds that the operator s trading practices tend to disrupt orderly market conditions, (2)
if any controlling person of the operator is subject to an order of the CFTC denying such person trading privileges on any exchange,
and (3) in certain other circumstances. Suspension, restriction or termination of the Sponsor s registration as a commodity
pool operator would prevent it, until that registration were to be reinstated, from managing the Fund, and might result in the
termination of the Fund if a successor sponsor is not elected pursuant to the Trust Agreement. 

The Fund s investors are afforded
prescribed rights for reparations under the CEA. Investors may also be able to maintain a private right of action for violations
of the CEA. The CFTC has adopted rules implementing the reparation provisions of the CEA, which provide that any person may file
a complaint for a reparations award with the CFTC for violation of the CEA against a floor broker or an FCM, introducing broker,
commodity trading advisor, CPO, and their respective associated persons. 

Pursuant to authority in the CEA, the NFA
has been formed and registered with the CFTC as a registered futures association. At the present time, the NFA is the only self-regulatory
organization for commodity interest professionals, other than futures exchanges. The CFTC has delegated to the NFA responsibility
for the registration of CPOs and FCMs and their respective associated persons. The Sponsor and the Fund s clearing broker
are members of the NFA. As such, they will be subject to NFA standards relating to fair trade practices, financial condition and
consumer protection. The NFA also arbitrates disputes between members and their customers and conducts registration and fitness
screening of applicants for membership and audits of its existing members. Neither the Trust nor the Fund is required to become
a member of the NFA. 

The regulations of the CFTC and the NFA
prohibit any representation by a person registered with the CFTC or by any member of the NFA, that registration with the CFTC,
or membership in the NFA, in any respect indicates that the CFTC or the NFA has approved or endorsed that person or that person s
trading program or objectives. The registrations and memberships of the parties described in this summary must not be considered
as constituting any such approval or endorsement. Likewise, no futures exchange has given or will give any similar approval or
endorsement. 

Futures exchanges in the United States
are subject to varying degrees of regulation under the CEA depending on whether such exchange is a designated contract market,
exempt board of trade or electronic trading facility. Clearing organizations are also subject to the CEA and the rules and regulations
adopted thereunder as administered by the CFTC. The CFTC s function is to implement the CEA s objectives of preventing
price manipulation and excessive speculation and promoting orderly and efficient commodity interest markets. In addition, the various
exchanges and clearing organizations themselves exercise regulatory and supervisory authority over their member firms. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) was enacted in response to the economic crisis of 2008 and 2009 and it significantly
altered the regulatory regime to which the securities and commodities markets are subject. To date, the CFTC has issued proposed
versions of all of the rules it is required to promulgate under the Dodd-Frank Act, and it continues to issue proposed versions
of additional rules that it has authority to promulgate. The provisions of the new law include the requirement that position limits
be established on a wide range of commodity interests, including agricultural, energy, and metal-based commodity futures contracts,
options on such futures contracts and cleared and uncleared swaps that are economically equivalent to such futures contracts and
options; new registration and recordkeeping requirements for swap market participants; capital and margin requirements for  swap
dealers  and  major swap participants,  as determined by the new law and applicable regulations; and the mandatory
use of clearinghouse mechanisms for sufficiently standardized swap transactions that were historically entered into in the over-the-counter
market. 

In addition to the rules and regulations
imposed under the Dodd-Frank Act, certain participants that are European banks may also be subject to European Market Infrastructure
Regulation. These regulations have not yet been fully implemented. 

Current rules and regulations under the
Dodd-Frank Act require enhanced customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity
standards, customer disclosures and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater assurances
to market participants that customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate
notice of the risks of futures trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing
risks in a robust manner, the capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations and the auditing
and examination programs of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough
manner. 

The effect of future regulatory change
on the Fund, and the exact timing of such changes, is impossible to predict but it may be substantial and adverse. Specifically,
the new law, the rules that have been promulgated thereunder, and the rules that are expected to be promulgated may negatively
impact the ability of the Fund to meet its investment objectives, either through position limits or requirements imposed on it
and/or on their counterparties. In particular, new position limits imposed on the Fund or any counterparties may impact the ability
of the Fund to invest in a manner that most efficiently meets its investment objective. New requirements, including capital imposed
on the counterparties of the Fund may increase the cost of the Fund s investments and doing business. 

In addition, considerable regulatory attention
has recently been focused on non-traditional publicly distributed investment pools such as the Fund. Furthermore, various national
governments have expressed concern regarding the disruptive effects of speculative trading in certain commodity markets and the
need to regulate the derivatives markets in general. The effect of any future regulatory change on the Fund is impossible to predict,
but could be substantial and adverse. 

Management believes that as of September
30, 2016 it had fulfilled in a timely manner all Dodd-Frank reporting requirements, both historical and on-going, for the categories
under which the firm operates and is registered. 

Off Balance Sheet Financing  

As of September 30, 2016, neither the Trust
nor the Fund has any loan guarantees, credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than agreements
entered into in the normal course of business, which may include indemnification provisions relating to certain risks service providers
undertake in performing services which are in the best interests of the Fund. While the exposure of the Fund under these indemnification
provisions cannot be estimated, they are not expected to have a material impact on the financial position of the Fund. 

Redemption Basket Obligation  

Other than as necessary to meet the investment
objective of the Fund and pay the contractual obligations described below, the Fund will require liquidity to redeem Redemption
Baskets. The Fund intends to satisfy this obligation through the transfer of cash of the Fund (generated, if necessary, through
the sale of Treasury Instruments) in an amount proportionate to the number of Shares being redeemed. 

Contractual Obligations  

The Fund pays the Sponsor an annual management
fee, monthly in arrears, in an amount calculated as the greater of 0.15% of its average daily net assets, or $75,000 (the  Management
Fee ). The Management Fee is paid in consideration of the Sponsor s advisory services to the Fund. Additionally, Sit
receives an annual fee, monthly in arrears, for its services equal to 0.50% of the Fund s average daily net assets. As of
February 19, 2015, Sit has agreed to waive its license and services fee and the Sponsor has voluntarily agreed to correspondingly
assume the remaining expenses of the Fund so that Fund expenses do not exceed an annual rate of 1.50%, excluding brokerage commissions,
interest expense, and extraordinary expenses, of the value of the Fund s average daily net assets. The assumption of expenses
and waiver of the license and services fee are contractual on the part of the Sponsor and Sit, respectively, through February 1,
2018 (the  Expense Cap ). 

The Fund s ongoing fees, costs and
expenses of its operation, not subject to the Expense Cap include brokerage and other fees and commissions incurred in connection
with the trading activities of the Fund, and extraordinary expenses (including, but not limited to, legal claims and liabilities
and litigation costs and any indemnification related thereto). Expenses subject to the Expense Cap include (i) expenses incurred
in connection with registering additional Shares of the Fund or offering Shares of the Fund; (ii) the routine expenses associated
with the preparation and, if required, the printing and mailing of monthly, quarterly, annual and other reports required by applicable
U.S. federal and state regulatory authorities, Trust meetings and preparing, printing and mailing proxy statements to Shareholders;
(iii) the routine services of the Trustee, legal counsel and independent accountants; (iv) routine accounting, bookkeeping, custodial
and transfer agency services, whether performed by an outside service provider or by affiliates of the Sponsor; (v) postage and
insurance; (vi) costs and expenses associated with client relations and services; (vii) costs of preparation of all federal, state,
local and foreign tax returns and any taxes payable on the income, assets or operations of the Fund. 

While the Sponsor has agreed to pay registration
fees to the SEC and any other regulatory agency in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares offered through the Fund s
prospectus, the legal, printing, accounting and other expenses associated with such registration, and the initial fee of $7,500
for listing the Shares on the NYSE Arca, the Fund will be responsible for any registration fees and related expenses incurred in
connection with any future offer and sale of Shares of the Fund in excess of those offered through its prospectus. 

Any general expenses of the Trust will
be allocated among the Fund and any other series of the Trust as determined by the Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion.
The Trust is also responsible for extraordinary expenses, including, but not limited to, legal claims and liabilities and litigation
costs and any indemnification related thereto. The Trust and/or the Sponsor may be required to indemnify the Trustee, Distributor
or Administrator under certain circumstances. 

The parties cannot anticipate the amount
of payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods as the NAV and trading levels to meet investment
objectives for the Fund will not be known until a future date. These agreements are effective for a specific term agreed upon by
the parties with an option to renew, or, in some cases, are in effect for the duration of the Fund s existence. The parties
may terminate these agreements earlier for certain reasons listed in the agreements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk  

Not applicable to Smaller Reporting
Companies.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Trust and the Fund maintain disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in the Trust s periodic
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

The duly appointed officers of the Sponsor,
including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Trust s
and the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Trust
and the Fund have been effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Change in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes in the Trust s
or the Fund s internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s or the Fund s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

Although the Fund may, from time to time,
be involved in litigation arising out of its operations in the normal course of business or otherwise, the Fund is currently not
a party to any pending material legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

Not applicable to Smaller Reporting
Companies.   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds  

(a)    Not applicable.  

(c)    Not applicable  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

(a)    None.  

(b)    Not applicable.  

Item 6. Exhibits  

The following exhibits are filed as part
of this report as required under Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I
(Registrant)  

By:  
      ETF Managers Capital, LLC   

its Sponsor    

By:  
      /s/ Samuel Masucci III  

Name: Samuel Masucci III  

Title: Principal Executive Officer  

By:  
      /s/ John A. Flanagan  

Name:   
      John A. Flanagan  

Principal Financial Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104428_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Samuel Masucci III, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ETF
Managers Group Commodity Trust I; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Samuel Masucci III   

Name:    
      Samuel Masucci III   

Title:  
      Principal Executive Officer   

ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104428_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, John A. Flanagan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ETF
Managers Group Commodity Trust I; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ John A. Flanagan   

Name:    
      John A. Flanagan   

Title:  
      Principal Financial Officer   

ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104428_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I (the  Registrant )
and its Fund, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Samuel Masucci III, the Principal
Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November 14, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/ Samuel Masucci III   

Name:    
      Samuel Masucci III   

Title:  
      Principal Executive Officer   

ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104428_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-2

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I (the  Registrant )
and its Fund, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, John A. Flanagan, the Principal
Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November 14, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/ John A. Flanagan   

Name:    
      John A. Flanagan   

Title:  
      Principal Financial Officer   

ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 rise-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 rise-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 rise-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 rise-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 rise-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 rise-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

