<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_1470099_0001558370-16-008854_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9519413</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>243468</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>314531</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3392880</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3037326</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1554888</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-008854.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028144739
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-008854
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOBILEIRON, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001470099
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				260866846
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36471
		FILM NUMBER:		161958177

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		415 EAST MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-919-8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		415 EAST MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOBILE IRON, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110603

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mobile Iron, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090811

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-008854.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 mobl-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

mobl_Current folio_10Q_main

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

or 

For the transition period from              to 

Commission file number 001-36471 

MobileIron, Inc. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  

26-0866846  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

415 East Middlefield Road  
					 
						 Mountain View, California  

94043  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

(650) 919-8100 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes        No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer                        Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer      

Smaller reporting company      

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No     

At October 24, 2016, there were 87,912,106 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents   

INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q   

For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 

Page  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

5   

Item 1. Financial Statements :  

5   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

6   

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016    

7   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

8   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

9   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

28   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk    

46   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

46   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION      

46   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

46   

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

47   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

73   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

73   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    

73   

Item 5. Other Information    

73   

Item 6. Exhibits    

73   

Signatures    

74   

2 

Table of Contents   

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website address, press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. We also use the following social media channels as a means of disclosing information about the company, our services and other matters and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD: 

MobileIron Company Blog (  https://www.mobileiron.com/en/smartwork-blog  ) 

MobileIron Facebook Page (  https://www.facebook.com/mobileiron  ) 

MobileIron Twitter Account (  https://twitter.com/mobileiron  ); @mobileiron 

MobileIron LinkedIn Page (  https://www.linkedin.com/company/mobileiron  ) 

The information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these accounts and the blog, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. This list may be updated from time to time. The information we post through these channels is not a part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. These channels may be updated from time to time on MobileIron s investor relations website. 

3 

Table of Contents   

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as  believe,   may,   will,   might,   estimate,   continue,   anticipate,   intend,   could,   should,   would,   project,   potentially,   predict,   plan,   outlook,   target,   expect,   future  or similar expressions, or the negative or plural of these words or expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 

beliefs and objectives for future operations and growth;  

our business plan and our ability to effectively manage our expenses;  

our ability to timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology;  

our ability to innovate new products and bring them to market in a timely manner;  

our ability to expand internationally;  

our ability to attract new customers and further penetrate our existing customer base;  

our expectations concerning renewal rates for subscriptions and services by existing customers;  

our expectations concerning the mix of our sales of subscriptions and perpetual licenses;  

cost of revenue, including changes in costs associated with hardware, royalties, customer support and data center operations;  

operating expenses, including changes in research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses;  

our expectations concerning relationships with third parties, including channel and other partners;  

economic and industry trends or trend analysis;  

our expectations concerning the outcome of litigation; and  

the sufficiency of our existing cash and investments to meet our cash needs for at least the next 12 months.  

These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements.   These risks are not exhaustive.   These statements are within the meaning of the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements appear throughout this Form 10-Q and are statements regarding our intent, belief, or current expectations, primarily with respect to our business and related industry developments. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks faced by us and described in Part II, Item 1A, entitled  Risk Factors,  and in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements for any reason to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 

4 

Table of Contents   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   

MOBILEIRON, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

5 

Table of Contents   

MOBILEIRON, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

(In thousands, except per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

6 

Table of Contents   

MOBILEIRON, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

(In thousands, except share data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

7 

Table of Contents   

MOBILEIRON, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

(in thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

8 

Table of Contents   

MOBILEIRON, INC. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

(Unaudited) 

1.  Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies 

Description of Business 

MobileIron, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiaries collectively, the  Company ,  we ,  us  or  our , provides a purpose-built mobile IT platform that enables enterprises to manage and secure mobile applications, content and devices while providing their employees with device choice, privacy and a native user experience. We were incorporated in Delaware in July 2007 and are headquartered in Mountain View, California, with additional sales and support presence in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Australia. 

Basis of Presentation and Consolidation 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, for interim financial statements and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and include the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Certain information and footnote disclosures in this Form 10-Q normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of our balance sheet as of September 30, 2016,  our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that date but does not include all the footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related financial information should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2016. 

Foreign Currency Translation 

Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of all our international operations is the U.S. dollar. All monetary asset and liability accounts are translated into U.S. dollars at the period-end rate, nonmonetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical exchange rates, and revenue and expenses are translated at the weighted-average exchange rates in effect during the period. Translation adjustments are recorded as foreign currency gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of operations. We recognized a foreign currency loss of $117,000 and $64,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $164,000 and $321,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, in other expense net in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.   

9 

Table of Contents   

These estimates include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, stock-settled bonus expense, goodwill, intangible assets and accounting for income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash, money market funds and fixed income investments. Although we deposit our cash with multiple financial institutions, our deposits, at times, exceed federally insured limits. We invest in fixed income securities that are of high-credit quality. Substantially all of our money market funds, or $19.0 million, are held in two funds that are rated  AAA.  

We generally do not require collateral or other security in support of accounts receivable. Allowances are provided for individual accounts receivable when we become aware of a customer s inability to meet its financial obligations, such as in the case of bankruptcy, deterioration of the customer s operating results, or change in financial position. If circumstances related to customers change, estimates of the recoverability of receivables would be further adjusted. We also consider broader factors in evaluating the sufficiency of our allowances for doubtful accounts, including the length of time receivables are past due, significant one-time events and historical experience. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 we have an allowance for doubtful accounts of $400,000 and $628,000, respectively. 

One reseller accounted for 17% of total revenue (1% as an end customer) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and for 16% of total revenue (1% as an end customer) and 18% of total revenue (1%     as an end customer) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The same reseller accounted for 21%  and 14% of net accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

There were no other resellers or end-user customers that accounted for 10% or more as a percentage of our revenue or net accounts receivable for any period presented. 

Segments 

We have one reportable segment. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Revenue Recognition 

We derive revenue principally from software-related arrangements consisting of perpetual software licenses, post-contract customer support for such licenses, or PCS or software support, including when and if available updates, and professional services such as consulting and training services. We also offer our software as term-based licenses and cloud-based arrangements. In addition, we install our software on hardware appliances that we ship to customers. 

We begin to recognize revenue when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred or services have been provided, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collection of the related receivable is probable. If collection is not considered probable, revenue is recognized only upon collection. 

Signed agreements, including by electronic acceptance, are used as evidence of an arrangement. Delivery is considered to occur when we provide a customer with a link and credentials to download our software. Delivery of a hardware appliance (an  appliance ) is considered to occur when title and risk of loss has transferred to the customer, which typically occurs when appliances are delivered to a common carrier. Delivery of services occurs when performed. 

In our vendor specific objective evidence, or VSOE, analysis, we generally include stand-alone sales transactions completed during a rolling 12 month period unless a shorter period is appropriate due to changes in our pricing structure. 

10 

Table of Contents   

We typically enter into multiple-element arrangements with our customers in which a customer may purchase a combination of software on a perpetual or subscription license, PCS, and professional services. The professional services are not considered essential to the functionality of the software. All of these elements are considered separate units of accounting. Our standard agreements do not include rights for customers to cancel or terminate arrangements or to return software to obtain refunds. 

We use the residual method to recognize revenue when a perpetual license arrangement includes one or more elements to be delivered at a future date provided the following criteria are met: (i) VSOE of fair value does not exist for one or more of the delivered items but exists for all undelivered elements, (ii) all other applicable revenue recognition criteria are met and (iii) the fair value of all of the undelivered elements is less than the arrangement fee. VSOE of fair value is based on the normal pricing practices for those products and services when sold separately by us and contractual customer renewal rates for post-contract customer support services. Under the residual method, the fair value of the undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion of the arrangement fee is recognized as revenue in the period in which it was earned. If VSOE of fair value of one or more undelivered elements does not exist, then the revenue is deferred and recognized when delivery of those elements occurs, or when fair value can be established, or ratably over the PCS period if the only undelivered element is PCS we refer to these deferred revenue elements as the  Deferred Portion.  

Revenue from subscriptions to our on-premise term licenses, arrangements where perpetual and subscriptions to our on-premise term licenses are sold together, and subscriptions to our cloud service are recognized ratably over the contractual term for all periods presented and are included as a component of subscription revenue within our consolidated statements of operations. We refer to arrangements where perpetual and subscriptions to our on-premise term licenses are sold together as  Bundled Arrangements.  

Occasionally, we enter into multiple-element arrangements with our customers in which a customer may purchase a combination of software on a perpetual or term basis, PCS, professional services, and appliances. We generally provide the appliances and software upon the commencement of the arrangement and provide software-related elements throughout the support period. We account for appliance-bundled arrangements under the revised accounting standard related to multiple-element arrangements, Accounting Standard Update, or ASU, No. 2009-13,   Multiple Element Arrangements  , and determine the revenue to be recognized based on the standard s fair value hierarchy and then determine the value of each element in the arrangement based on the relative selling price of the arrangement. Amounts related to appliances are generally recognized upon delivery with the remaining consideration allocated to software and software-related elements, which are recognized as described elsewhere in this policy. 

Revenue from PCS is recognized ratably over the support term and is included as a component of software support and service revenue within the consolidated statements of operations. 

Revenue related to professional services is recognized upon delivery and is included as a component of software support and services revenue within the consolidated statements of operations. 

Appliance revenue was less than 10% of total revenue for all periods presented and is included as a component of perpetual license revenue within the consolidated statements of operations. 

Historically, sales made through resellers were fulfilled directly to the end users, and we recognized revenue when we delivered licenses to the end users and all other revenue recognition criteria were met. Over time, however, our business has evolved and some of our operators, system integrators and other resellers have requested that we deliver licenses to them. In those instances we recognize revenue at the time that we deliver to our resellers and all other revenue recognition criteria are met; such resellers have no rights of return or exchange. 

Shipping charges and sales tax billed to partners are excluded from revenue. 

Sales commissions and other incremental costs to acquire contracts are also expensed as incurred and are recorded in sales and marketing expense. 

11 

Table of Contents   

For all arrangements, any revenue that has been deferred and is expected to be recognized beyond one year is classified as long-term deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Cash Equivalents 

We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 cash and cash equivalents consist of cash deposited with banks, money market funds and investments that mature within three months of their purchase. 

Held-To-Maturity Investments 

We determine the appropriate classification of our fixed income investments at the time of purchase and reevaluate their classifications each reporting period. Investments are classified as held-to-maturity since the Company has positive intent and the ability to hold the securities to maturity. Held-to-maturity securities are stated at amortized cost. We recorded $115,000 and $83,000 of interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and recorded $320,000 and $223,000 of interest income for the nine months ended September  30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Comprehensive Loss 

Comprehensive loss includes all changes in equity (net assets) during a period from non-owner sources. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no differences between net loss and comprehensive loss. Therefore, the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss have been omitted. 

Net Loss per Share of Common Stock 

Basic net loss per common share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, without consideration for potentially dilutive securities. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares and potentially dilutive securities outstanding for the period determined using the treasury-stock and if-converted methods. For purposes of the diluted net loss per share calculation, unvested restricted stock and stock options are considered to be potentially dilutive securities. Because we have reported a net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the number of shares used to calculate diluted net loss per common share is the same as the number of shares used to calculate basic net loss per common share for those periods presented because the potentially dilutive shares would have been anti-dilutive if included in the calculation. 

Inventory 

We have appliances (industry standard hardware servers available from multiple vendors) that are available for customers to purchase, on which we will install our software prior to shipment. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market value. We value our inventory using the first-in, first-out method. Appropriate consideration is given to obsolescence, excessive levels, deterioration and other factors in evaluating carrying value such adjustments were not material for any period presented. The entire inventory is comprised of finished goods. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had inventory of $171,000 and $309,000, respectively, which is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Software Development Costs Incurred in Connection with Software to be Sold or Marketed 

The costs to develop new software products and enhancements to existing software products are expensed as incurred until technological feasibility has been established. We consider technological feasibility to have occurred when all planning, designing, coding and testing have been completed according to design specifications. Once technological feasibility is established, any additional costs would be capitalized. We believe our current process for developing software is essentially completed concurrent with the establishment of technological feasibility, and accordingly, no costs have been capitalized. 

12 

Table of Contents   

Internal Use Software 

We capitalize costs incurred during the application development stage related to our internally used software. Such costs are primarily incurred by third party vendors and consultants. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Amounts capitalized in all periods presented were not significant. 

All software development costs incurred in connection with our cloud offering, or SaaS are also sold or marketed to partners or end customers, therefore we start capitalizing costs when technological feasibility is achieved. No costs were capitalized in any periods presented as we believe that our current process for developing software is essentially completed concurrent with the establishment of technological feasibility. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives, determined to be three years for computers and equipment and software, five years for furniture and fixtures, and the lesser of the remaining lease term or estimated useful life for leasehold improvements. Expenditures for repairs and software support are charged to expense as incurred. Upon disposition, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected as operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

We record the excess of the acquisition purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired as goodwill. We perform an impairment test of our goodwill in the third quarter of our fiscal year, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment arise. We have a single reporting unit and consequently evaluate goodwill for impairment based on an evaluation of the fair value of the Company as a whole. We record purchased intangible assets at their respective estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Purchased intangible assets are being amortized using the straight-line method over their remaining estimated useful lives, which range from three to five years. We evaluate the remaining useful lives of intangible assets on a periodic basis to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining estimated amortization period. 

Long-Lived Assets with Finite Lives 

Long-lived assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. We evaluate the recoverability of each of our long-lived assets, including purchased intangible assets and property and equipment, by comparison of its carrying amount to the future undiscounted cash flows we expect the asset to generate. If we consider the asset to be impaired, we measure the amount of any impairment as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the impaired asset. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We use the estimated grant-date fair value method of accounting in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 718   Compensation Stock Compensation  . Fair value is determined using the Black-Scholes Model using various inputs, including our estimates of expected volatility, term and future dividends. We estimated the forfeiture rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 based on our historical experience for annual grant years where the majority of the vesting terms have been satisfied. For stock options, restricted stock units or restricted stock grants with no performance condition, we recognize compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the vesting term of four years.  

Research and Development 

Research and development, or R D, costs are charged to expense as incurred. 

13 

Table of Contents   

Advertising 

Advertising costs are expensed and included in sales and marketing expense when incurred. Advertising expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was not significant. 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,   Income Taxes  , under which deferred tax liabilities and assets are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

We use a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. A tax position is recognized when it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. The standard also provides guidance on derecognition of tax benefits, classification on the balance sheet, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, or other standard setting bodies and adopted by us as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments   Credit Losses   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments,     which introduces a model based on expected losses to estimate credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments. In addition, for available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, the losses will be recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Entities will apply the standard s provisions by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. We are evaluating the impact of the adoption on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and disclosures. 

In May 2014, the FASB, jointly with the International Accounting Standards Board, issued a comprehensive new standard on revenue recognition from contracts with customers. The standard s core principle is that a reporting entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In applying this new guidance to contracts within its scope, an entity will: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. Additionally, this new guidance will require significantly expanded disclosures about revenue recognition. As clarified by the FASB on July 9, 2015, provisions of this new standard are effective for annual reporting periods (including interim reporting periods within those annual periods) beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods (including interim reporting periods within those annual periods) beginning after December 15, 2016. Entities have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt this new guidance. We currently plan to adopt the new standard effective January 1, 2018. We anticipate this standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. While we are continuing to assess all potential impacts of the standard, we believe the most significant impact relates to our accounting for subscriptions to our on-premise term licenses, specifically, as under the new standard we expect to recognize revenue from subscriptions to our on-premise term licenses predominantly at the time of billing rather than ratably over the license term. Due to the   

14 

Table of Contents   

complexity of certain of our contracts, the revenue recognition treatment required under the new standard will be dependent on contract-specific terms.  

In February 2016, the FASB finalized the Accounting Standard Update, or ASU, 2016-02,  Leases . ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by most leases (leases with the term of 12 months or longer) and continue to recognize expenses on the income statements over the lease term. It will also require disclosure designed to give financial statement users information on the amount, timing, and uncertainly of cash flows arising from leases. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the effect of the standard on our consolidated financial statements and will adopt ASU 2016-02 effective January 1, 2019. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued new Accounting Standard Update, or ASU, 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements and classification in the statement of cash flows. Under the new standard, excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies are to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement and the excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies are considered discrete items in the reporting period they occur and are not included in the estimate of an entity s annual effective tax rate. Excess tax benefits will be classified along with other cash flows related to income taxes as an operating activity. The ASU allows an entity to elect as an accounting policy either to continue to estimate the total number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur. The ASU modifies the current exception to liability classification of an award when an employer uses a net-settlement feature to withhold shares to meet the employer s minimum statutory tax withholding requirement. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the effect of the standard on our consolidated financial statements and intend to adopt ASU 2016-09 effective January 1, 2017. 

2.      Significant Balance Sheet Components 

Property and Equipment    Property and equipment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Accrued Expenses    Accrued expenses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following (in thousands): 

15 

Table of Contents   

Deferred Revenue    Current and non-current deferred revenue at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following (in thousands): 

3.  Fair Value Measurement 

With the exception of our held-to-maturity fixed income investments, we report all financial assets and liabilities and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis in accordance with ASC 820. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and credit risk. 

ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes and prioritizes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level 2 Inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.  

Level 3 Inputs are unobservable inputs based on our own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. The inputs require significant management judgment or estimation.  

Our financial assets that are carried at fair value include cash and money market funds. We had no other financial liabilities, or nonfinancial assets and liabilities that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis, or that were measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

Our financial instruments measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows (in thousands): 

16 

Table of Contents   

4.      Investments 

Our portfolio of fixed income securities consists of commercial paper, corporate debt securities and securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies. All our investments in fixed income securities are classified as held-to-maturity. These investments are carried at amortized cost. 

Our investments in fixed income securities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

The following table summarizes the balance sheet classification of our investments: 

The gross amortized cost and estimated fair value of our held-to-maturity investments by contractual maturity are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because the issuers of the securities may have the right to prepay obligations without prepayment penalties. 

17 

Table of Contents   

We monitor our investment portfolio for impairment on a periodic basis. In order to determine whether a decline in fair value is other-than-temporary, we evaluate, among other factors: the duration and extent to which the fair value has been less than the carrying value  our financial condition and business outlook, including key operational and cash flow metrics, current market conditions and future trends in our industry  our relative competitive position within the industry  and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. A decline in the fair value of the security below amortized cost that is deemed other-than-temporary is charged to earnings, resulting in the establishment of a new cost basis for the affected securities. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had an insignificant amount of unrealized gains or losses, and we did not recognize any other-than-temporary impairments  .    

5.      Goodwill and Intangibles 

The following table reflects intangible assets subject to amortization as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

Amortization of the technology intangible assets was recorded in cost of revenue. The weighted average remaining life of our intangible assets on September 30, 2016 was 1.35 years. 

Estimated remaining intangible assets amortization expense for the next five fiscal years and thereafter is as follows (in thousands): 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying value of goodwill was as follows (in thousands): 

18 

Table of Contents   

6. Restructuring Charge 

In addition to our restructuring plans initiated in August 2015,     we initiated a reduction in our workforce during the three months ended September 30, 2016, to further align our cost structure with expected revenue growth and recorded all amounts associated with the restructuring plan as an expense. 

Restructuring costs, recorded in operating expenses, totaled $1.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The following table summarizes the restructuring activities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

The remaining restructuring balance of $110,000 at September 30, 2016, recorded in accrued expenses, is for severance expense that we expect to pay by March 31, 2017. 

7. Line of Credit 

We have a $20.0 million revolving line of credit with a financial institution that can be used to (a) borrow for working capital and general business requirements, (b) issue letters of credit, and (c) enter into foreign exchange contracts. Amounts borrowed accrue interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the prime rate. A default interest rate shall apply during an event of default at a rate per annum equal to 5% above the otherwise applicable interest rate. The line of credit is collateralized by substantially all of our assets, except intellectual property, and requires us to comply with working capital, net worth and other nonfinancial covenants, including limitations on indebtedness and restrictions on dividend distributions, among others, and the borrowing capacity is limited to eligible accounts receivable. We are required to maintain an adjusted quick ratio (defined as the ratio of current assets to current liabilities minus deferred revenue) of at least 1.25. 

In May 2015, we issued a letter of credit for $1.5 million as a security deposit for a new Mountain View headquarters lease thereby reducing the borrowing capacity under our line of credit to $18.5 million. 

In July 2015, we amended our revolving line of credit and extended its maturity date to August 2017. 

There were no other outstanding amounts under the line of credit at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015 and we were in compliance with all financial covenants. 

8.      Preferred Stock 

We were authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of convertible preferred stock as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. No shares of convertible preferred stock were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

9.      Common Stock 

We were authorized to issue 300,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. The holders of   

19 

Table of Contents   

common stock are also entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available therefore, when and if declared by the board of directors, subject to the approval and priority rights of holders of all classes of preferred stock outstanding. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we reserved shares of common stock for issuance as follows: 

10.      Share Based Awards 

2008 Plan 

The 2008 Stock Plan, or 2008 Plan, which expired on June 12, 2014, provided for the grant of incentive and nonstatutory stock options to employees, nonemployee directors and consultants of the Company. Options granted under the 2008 Plan generally become exercisable within three to four years following the date of grant and expire 10 years from the date of grant. When options are subject to our repurchase right, we may buy back any unvested shares at their original exercise price in the event of an employee s termination prior to full vesting. 

Our 2008 Plan was terminated following the date our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, became effective. Any outstanding stock awards under our 2008 Plan will continue to be governed by the terms of our 2008 Plan and applicable award agreements. 

Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 

Our Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, or the Plan, is the successor to and continuation of our 2008 Plan. Our board of directors adopted our 2014 Plan on April 17, 2014, and our stockholders subsequently approved the 2014 Plan on May 27, 2014, and it became effective on the date that our registration statement was declared effective by the SEC. Our stockholders approved additional amendments to the 2014 Plan on June 23, 2016. These amendments, among other things,   set limits on the total value of compensation that may be paid to any of our non-employee directors during any one calendar year.  

Our 2014 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, or ISOs, within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, or the Code, to our employees and our parent and subsidiary corporations  employees, and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, or NSOs, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance-based stock awards, and other forms of equity compensation to our employees, directors and consultants. Additionally, our 2014 Plan provides for the grant of performance cash awards to our employees, directors and consultants. 

The initial number of shares of our common stock available to be issued under our 2014 Plan was 8,142,857, which number of shares will be increased by any shares subject to stock options or other stock awards granted under the 2008 Plan that would have otherwise returned to our 2008 Plan (such as upon the expiration or termination of a stock award prior to vesting), not to exceed 16,312,202. 

20 

Table of Contents   

The number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our 2014 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year through and including January 1, 2024, by 5% of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares determined by our board of directors. On January 1, 2016, we increased the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2014 Plan by 4,066,933 shares, which was 5% of the total number of capital stock outstanding at December 31, 2015. 

Amended and Restated 2015 Inducement Plan     

On December 20, 2015, our board of directors adopted our 2015 Inducement Plan, or the Inducement Plan, to reserve 1,600,000 shares of our common stock to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals that were not previously   employees or directors of the Company. The terms and conditions of the Plan are substantially similar to our stockholder-approved 2014 Plan. On January 5, 2016 our board of directors approved the amendment and restatement of the Inducement Plan to increase the share reserve under the Inducement Plan to 1,970,000 shares of our common stock. As of September 30, 2016 there were 1,970,000 options and restricted stock units outstanding under the Inducement Plan.  

2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

The purpose of the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP, is to secure the services of new employees, to retain the services of existing employees and to provide incentives for such individuals to exert maximum efforts toward our success and that of our affiliates. The ESPP is intended to qualify as an  employee stock purchase plan  within the meaning of Section 423 of the Code. The ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase our common stock through payroll deductions, which may not exceed 15% of the employee s base compensation. Stock may be purchased under the plan at a price equal to 85% of the fair market value of our common stock on either the first day of the offering or the last day of the applicable purchase period, whichever is lower. 

The initial number of shares of our common stock initially reserved for issuance under our ESPP was 2,071,428 shares. The number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our ESPP will increase automatically each year, beginning on January 1, 2015 and continuing through and including January 1, 2024, by the lesser of (i) 1% of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year; (ii) 2,142,857 shares of common stock; or (iii) such lesser number as determined by our board of directors. Shares subject to purchase rights granted under our ESPP that terminate without having been exercised in full will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under our ESPP. On January 1, 2016, we increased the number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP by 813,386 shares, which was 1% of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2015. 

Restricted Stock Units 

In 2014 we began granting restricted stock units under our 2014 Plan. For stock-based compensation expense, we measure the value of the restricted stock units based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant. Our restricted stock unit grants are subject to service conditions and we expense the fair value of those shares on a straight-line basis over their vesting periods. 

21 

Table of Contents   

Our restricted stock unit activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

Bonus Plans 

In 2015, our board of directors approved the 2015 Executive Bonus Plan and 2015 Non-Executive Bonus Plan, or 2015 Bonus Plan, which provided for the issuance of shares of unrestricted common stock to employees based on meeting certain Company metrics.  

We issued 1,653,371 shares of unrestricted common stock in the first quarter of 2016 based on amounts earned under the 2015 Non-Executive Bonus Plan. No shares were issued under the 2015 Executive Bonus Plan. Shares issued from the 2015 Non-Executive Bonus Plan reduced the 2014 Plan shares available for issuance.  

In May 2016, our compensation committee approved the 2016 Executive Bonus Plan and 2016 Non-Executive Bonus Plan, or 2016 Bonus Plans, each effective as of January 1, 2016.  

We recorded stock-based compensation expense related to the 2015 and 2016 Bonus Plans over the service period of eligible employees based on forecasted performance relative to the Company metrics. To the extent that updated estimates of bonus expense differed from original estimates, the cumulative effect on current and prior periods of those changes was recorded in the period those estimates were revised.  

In the three months ended March 31, 2016, we recorded $924,000 of stock-based compensation expense under the 2015 Non-Executive Bonus Plan. We recorded $1.5 million and $5.1 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense from the 2016 Bonus Plans. 

22 

Table of Contents   

Stock Options 

Stock option activity under the 2008 Plan, 2014 Plan and Inducement Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

(1) 

Options expected to vest reflect an estimated forfeiture rate.     

Our stock-based compensation expense was recorded in the following cost and expense categories (in thousands): 

We used the Black-Scholes Model to estimate the fair value of our stock options granted to employees with the following assumptions: 

23 

Table of Contents   

We used the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of our Employee Stock Purchase Plan awards with the following assumptions: 

As required by Topic 718   Compensation Stock Compensation  , we estimate expected forfeitures and recognize compensation costs only for those equity awards expected to vest. 

Early Exercise of Common Stock 

No shares were issued from the early exercise of stock options during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Cash received from the early exercise of stock options is recorded in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets and reclassified to stockholders  equity as the options vest. The unvested shares are subject to our repurchase right at the original purchase price. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 there were 3,438 and 12,428 shares, respectively, legally outstanding, but not included within common stock outstanding for accounting purposes, as a result of the early exercise of common stock options. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the aggregate price of shares subject to repurchase recorded in accrued expenses totaled $15,000 and $48,000, respectively. 

11.      Employee Benefit Plan 

We maintain a defined contribution 401(k) plan. The plan covers all full-time U.S. employees over the age of 21. Each employee can contribute up to $18,000 annually (with a $6,000 catch up contribution limit for employees aged 50 or older). We have the option to provide matching contributions, but have not done so to date. 

12.      Commitments and Contingencies 

Operating Leases 

We lease our office facilities under noncancelable agreements expiring between 2016 and 2023.   

24 

Table of Contents   

Rent expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.7 million and $1.0 million respectively. Rent expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5.1 million and $3.2 million, respectively. The aggregate future minimum lease payments under our agreements are as follows (in thousands): 

Litigation 

On May 1, 2015, a purported stockholder class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers, captioned Panjwani v. MobileIron, Inc., et al. The action was purportedly brought on behalf of a putative class of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company s securities between February 13, 2015 and April 22, 2015. It asserted claims for violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.The complaint sought, among other things, compensatory damages and attorney s fees and costs on behalf of the putative class.  An amended complaint was filed on September 28, 2015. On February 22, 2016, the District Court issued an order granting MobileIron s motion to dismiss the amended complaint and on March 15, 2016 the Court dismissed the case. MobileIron paid no money to the plaintiffs or their attorneys in connection with the dismissal of the action. 

On August 5, 2015, August 21, 2015 and August 24, 2015, purported stockholder class action lawsuits were filed in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County against the Company, certain of its officers, directors, underwriters and investors, captioned Schneider v. MobileIron, Inc., et al., Kerley v. MobileIron, Inc., et al. and Steinberg v. MobileIron, Inc., et al, which were subsequently consolidated under the case caption In re MobileIron Shareholder Litigation. The actions are purportedly brought on behalf of a putative class of all persons who purchased the Company s securities issued pursuant or traceable to the Company s registration statement and the June 12, 2014 initial public offering. The lawsuits assert claims for violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933. The complaint seeks among other things, compensatory damages and attorney s fees and costs on behalf of the putative class. On April 12, 2016, Plaintiffs filed a corrected consolidated complaint, which no longer names the underwriters or investors as defendants. On August 8, 2016 the Company filed a demurrer to the corrected consolidated complaint.  The court overruled the demurrer on October 4, 2016. The Company intends to defend this litigation vigorously. 

We continually evaluate uncertainties associated with litigation and record a charge equal to at least the minimum estimated liability for a loss contingency when both of the following conditions are met: (i) information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (ii) the loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is possible and a range of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we disclose the range of the possible loss in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We evaluate, on a quarterly basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, if any, and the matters and related ranges of possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there being and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. Until the final resolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss, and such amounts could be material. An estimate of a reasonably possible loss (or a range of loss) cannot be made in our lawsuits at this time. 

Indemnification 

Under the indemnification provisions of our standard sales related contracts, we agree to defend and/or settle claims brought by third parties against our customers alleging that the customer s use of our software infringes the third   

25 

Table of Contents   

party s intellectual property right, such as a patent right. These indemnification obligations are typically not subject to limitation; however if it is commercially impractical for us to either procure the right for the customer to continue to use our software or modify our software so that it s not infringing, we typically can terminate the customer agreement and refund the customer a portion of the license fees paid, prorated over the three year period from initial delivery. We also on occasion indemnify our customers for other types of third party claims. In addition, we indemnify our officers, directors, and certain key employees while they are serving in such capacities in good faith. Through September 30, 2016, we have not received any material written claim for indemnification.   

13.      Segment Information 

We conduct business globally. Our chief operating decision maker (Chief Executive Officer) reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis accompanied by information about revenue by geographic region for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. We have one business activity, and there are no segment managers who are held accountable for operations, operating results and plans for levels, components or types of products or services below the consolidated unit level. Accordingly, we are considered to be in a single reportable segment and operating unit structure. 

Revenue by geographic region based on the billing address was as follows: 

We recognized revenue of $5.4 million, or 13% of total revenue from customers with a billing address in Germany for the three months ended September 30, 2016. No other country,  outside of the United States exceeded 10% of the total revenue in the three months ended September 30, 2015. We recognized revenue of $15.1 million, or 13%, and $11.1 million, or 11%, of total revenue from customers with a billing address in Germany for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. No other country, outside of the United States, exceeded 10% of the total revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

$1.4 million or 23% and 22%, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, of our net Property and Equipment was attributable to our operations located in India. Substantially all other long-lived assets were attributable to operations in the United States. 

14.      Net Loss per Share 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands, except per share data): 

26 

Table of Contents   

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Because we have reported a net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the number of shares used to calculate diluted net loss per common share is the same as the number of shares used to calculate basic net loss per common share for those periods presented because the potentially dilutive shares would have been anti-dilutive if included in the calculation. 

The following potentially dilutive securities outstanding have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding because such securities have an antidilutive impact due to losses reported (in common stock equivalent shares): 

27 

Table of Contents   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2016. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, particularly in  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  and  Risk Factors.  The forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are made only as of the date hereof. 

Overview 

We invented a purpose-built mobile IT platform for enterprises to secure and manage mobile applications, or apps, content and devices while providing their employees with device choice, privacy and a native user experience. Customers use our platform as the technology foundation in their journey to become  Mobile First  organizations, embracing mobility as a primary computing platform for their employees. Mobile First organizations transform their businesses by giving their employees secure access to critical business applications and content on devices employees want with a native user experience they love. Our platform is extensible and fosters a growing ecosystem of application developers and technology partners who augment the functionality and add value to our platform, creating positive network effects for our customers, our ecosystem and our Company. 

Our mobile IT platform addresses the requirements across all phases of customers  journeys to become Mobile First organizations. It provides value to both end-users and IT departments. End-users get apps and content that they need to get their job done on the mobile device of their choice with the native device experience. Enterprise IT departments get a security and management platform that easily integrates into their existing IT or cloud infrastructure and allows them to protect and manage corporate data and apps, independent of the mobile device, for both corporate-owned, bring your own device, or BYOD, and mixed device ownership environments.  

Our business model is based on winning new customers, expanding sales within existing customers, upselling new products and renewing subscriptions and software support agreements. We win customers using a sales force that works closely with our channel partners, including resellers, service providers and system integrators.   We have experienced growth in our customer base, having sold our platform to over 12,500 customers since 2009,   including many of the largest and most complex global businesses embracing mobile technology. 

We derive revenue from sales of our software solutions to customers, which are sold either (i) on a perpetual license basis with annual software support when deployed on-  premise or (ii) on a subscription basis as a cloud service or when deployed on premise. 

Subscription revenue is an increasing portion of our revenue. When we sell our solutions on a subscription basis, we offer 12 months or longer terms and bill in advance, or certain service providers often operate under a monthly recurring charge, or MRC, model. In the MRC model, revenue and billings are based on active devices or users of the service provider s customer and are reported to us by the service provider on a monthly basis over time and billed by us one month in arrears. Thus, under the MRC model  , we receive no billings or revenue for MRC at the time the deal is booked, but instead the MRC is billed and revenue is recognized each month based on active usage. Unlike one-year term subscriptions, MRC is not reflected in deferred revenue. This important difference between MRC billings and perpetual and term subscription billings can lead to significant variability of billings in a given quarter depending on the type of billing model that the customer chooses and the overall mix of billing types for all customers within a quarter.     Over time, we may see variability in the MRC revenue and billings trends, as customers choose to switch between MRC and prepaid billing   models, or as a result of the timing   of operators usage reporting and other factors.  

Our total revenue was $41.6 million and $118.5 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, representing a growth rate of 9% and 11%, respectively, from each of the corresponding periods of 2015. 

28 

Table of Contents   

Revenue from subscription and perpetual licenses represented 38% and 27% of total revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30  , 2016, respectively  . The balance, constituting 35% of total revenue in each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, was software support and services revenue, which consists of revenue from agreements to provide software upgrades and updates, as well as technical support, to customers with perpetual software licenses. This represents a continuing mix shift in favor of subscription, and software support and services revenue, as we recognized 32% of our total revenue from subscriptions, 36% from perpetual licenses and 32% from software support and services in the three and nine months ended September 30,   2015, respectively  . Our MRC revenue comprised 14% and 16% of total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively,   compared to 14% of our total revenue for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Our perpetual license revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $11.3 million and $31.5 million, respectively, representing a decrease of $2.3 million and $6.6 million, or 17%, compared to the corresponding periods of 2015. The decline in perpetual license revenue was primarily due to a decrease in demand for our perpetual licenses and to a mix shift in favor of software licenses priced as subscriptions rather than perpetual licenses. 

Our subscription revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $15.6 million and $45.0 million, respectively, representing an increase of $3.3 million and $11.3 million, or 27% and 34%, compared to the corresponding periods of 2015. While we expect subscription revenue to increase as new and existing customers continue to purchase software subscription licenses, we also expect potential quarterly volatility in both billings and revenue as a result of mix changes between perpetual, term subscription and MRC deals. 

Our software support and services revenue   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was $14.7 million and $42.0 million, respectively, representing an increase of $2.6 million and $7.5 million, or 21% and 22%, compared to the corresponding periods of 2015. The growth rate of support and services revenue is primarily dependent on growth in our installed base of customers that purchase recurring software support. 

Our gross billings were $47.3 million and $126.8 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, representing an increase of $6.2 million and $10.3 million, or 15% and 9%, from the corresponding periods of 2015.   See  Key Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Information  for more information and a reconciliation of gross billings to total revenue. 

29 

Table of Contents   

We sell a significant portion of our products through our channel partners, including resellers, service providers and system integrators  .    Our sales force develops sales opportunities and works closely with our channel partners to sell our solutions. We have a high touch sales force focused on large organizations, inside sales teams focused on mid-sized enterprises and sales teams that work with service providers that focus on smaller businesses. We prioritize our internal sales and marketing efforts on large organizations because we believe that they represent the largest potential opportunity. 

We believe that our market opportunity is large, and sales to customers outside of the United States will remain a significant opportunity for future growth. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 51% of our total revenue was generated from customers located outside of the United States, primarily those located in Europe. International market trends that may affect sales of our products and services include heightened concerns and legal requirements relating to data security and privacy, the importance of execution on our international channel partner strategy, the importance of recruiting and retaining sufficient international personnel, the effect of exchange rates, and political and financial market instability, including as a result of the   recent United Kingdom referendum resulting in a majority of U.K. voters voting to exit the European Union  . 

Over the past year, we have increased our expenditures to support the development and expansion of our business, and have continued to incur losses.   We have incurred net losses of $84.5 million, $61.9 million and $32.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and $57.0 million and $70.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As a result of this, we do not expect to be profitable for the foreseeable future under our current operating plan. Future profitability is dependent on revenue growth, which may be challenging for a number of reasons including possible continued mix shift towards subscription licensing, increasing and entrenched competition, changes in our pricing model,   our ability to continue to develop and evolve our products   or any failure to capitalize on market opportunities. In addition, we will need to increase operating efficiency, which may be challenging given our operational complexity. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We believe that there have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies from those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2016.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For discussion on recent accounting pronouncements, see  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  under Note 1  Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies  included in Item 1,  Financial Statements  of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Key Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Information 

To supplement our financial results presented on a U.S. GAAP basis, we provide investors with certain non-GAAP financial measures, including gross billings, recurring billings, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating loss, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude stock-based compensation, restructuring charges, and the amortization of intangible assets. 

Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, we stopped reporting non-GAAP revenue as reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP revenue became immaterial. 

30 

Table of Contents   

Stock-based compensation expenses 

In our non-GAAP financial measures, we have excluded the effect of stock-based compensation expenses. Stock-based compensation expenses will recur in future periods. 

Amortization of intangible assets 

In our non-GAAP financial measures, we have excluded the effect of the amortization of intangible assets. Amortization of intangible assets is significantly affected by the timing and size of our acquisitions. Amortization of intangible assets will recur in future periods. 

Restructuring Charges 

In our non-GAAP financial measures, we have excluded the effect of the severance and other expenses related to our reduction in workforce. Restructuring charges may recur in the future; however, the timing and amounts are difficult to predict. 

Non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating loss, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net loss, and non-GAAP net loss per share 

We believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, and restructuring charges from various non-GAAP financial metrics such as gross profit, gross margin, operating loss, operating margin, net loss, and net loss per share provides useful measures for management and investors. Stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, and restructuring charges have been and can continue to be inconsistent in amount from period to period. We believe the inclusion of these items makes it difficult to compare periods and understand the growth and performance of our business. In addition, we evaluate our business performance and compensate management based in part on these non-GAAP measures. There are limitations in using non-GAAP financial measures because the non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by our competitors and exclude expenses that may have a material impact on our reported financial results. Further, stock-based compensation expense has been and will continue to be for the foreseeable future a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of the compensation provided to our employees. Similarly, amortization of intangible assets has been and will continue to be a recurring expense. 

31 

Table of Contents   

Gross and recurring billings, recurring revenue and free cash flow 

Our non-GAAP financial measures also include:   gross billings  , which we define as total revenue plus the change in deferred revenue in a period;   recurring billings  , which we define as total revenue less perpetual license, hardware, and professional services revenue plus the change in deferred revenue for subscription and software support arrangements in a period, adjusted for nonrecurring perpetual license billings;   recurring revenue  , which we define as total revenue less perpetual license, hardware, professional services and perpetual amounts recorded as subscription or software support revenue in multiple elements arrangements; and   free cash flow  , which we define as cash used in operating activities less the amount of property and equipment purchased. We consider   gross billings   to be a useful metric for management and investors because subscription billings, excluding MRC, and software support and services billings drive deferred revenue, which is an important indicator of future revenue. Similarly, we consider   recurring billings   and recurring revenue to be useful metrics because they are important indicators of the portion of our business that we would expect to recur each year. There are a number of limitations related to the use of   gross, recurring billings and recurring revenue  . First,   gross and recurring billings   include amounts that have not yet been recognized as revenue. Second, our calculation of   gross and recurring billings   may be different from other companies that report similar financial measures. Third,   recurring revenue   excludes perpetual license amounts recognized from multiple elements arrangements that we record as subscription or software support revenue in our GAAP statements of operations, and these perpetual license amounts are based on invoice value, not fair value, although we believe invoice value approximates the fair value of the element.   Fourth, in the MRC model, revenue and billings are based on active devices or users of the service provider s customer and are billed to us by the service provider on a monthly basis over time and one month in arrears. Thus, under the MRC model  , we receive no billings or revenue for MRC at the time the deal is booked, but instead the MRC is billed and revenue is recognized each month based on active usage. Unlike term subscriptions, MRC is not reflected in deferred revenue. This important difference between MRC billings and perpetual and term subscription billings can lead to significant variability of billings in a given quarter depending on the type of billing model that the customer chooses and the overall mix of billing types for all customers within a quarter. We compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding revenue and evaluating   gross and recurring billings and recurring revenue    together with revenue calculated in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that information regarding   free cash flow   provides investors with an important perspective on the cash available to invest in our business and fund ongoing operations. However, our calculation of free cash flow may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. 

We believe these non-GAAP financial measures are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business, and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business using certain of these non-GAAP measures. 

32 

Table of Contents   

We monitor the following non-GAAP financial measures: 

33 

Table of Contents   

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

The following table reconciles the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to each of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed above. 

(1) 

Our deferred revenue consists of amounts that have been invoiced, but that have not yet been recognized as revenue as of the period end, including subscription, software support and service revenue paid for in advance by the customer that is recognized ratably over the contractual service period.      

34 

Table of Contents   

(2) 

Includes nonrecurring perpetual license billings that consists of the Deferred Portion arising from undelivered elements of perpetual license arrangements and billings classified under Bundled Arrangements. See  Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition  for a description of Deferred Portion and Bundled Arrangements.     

(3) 

Perpetual amounts recorded as subscription or software revenue in multiple elements arrangements, where undelivered elements do not have VSOE.     

Results of Operations 

Revenue 

Perpetual license revenue 

Perpetual license revenue primarily relates to revenue from on-premise perpetual licenses. From time to time, we enter into multiple element arrangements with customers in which a customer purchases our software with an appliance. Appliance revenues are also included in perpetual license revenue and constitute less than 10% of total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Subscription revenue 

Subscription revenue is generated from subscriptions to our on-premise term licenses, arrangements where perpetual and term license subscriptions are bundled together, and subscriptions to our cloud service. These revenues are recognized ratably over the subscription period or term. In addition, MRC revenue, which is revenue from month-to-month subscription arrangements that are typically sold through service providers and billed in arrears on a monthly basis based on active devices or users, is also a component of subscription revenue. Except for MRC, we typically bill subscriptions annually in advance. 

Software support and services revenue 

Software support and services revenue consists of recurring revenue from agreements to provide software upgrades and updates, as well as technical support, to customers with perpetual software licenses. Revenue related to software support is recognized ratably over the support term. Software support and services revenue also includes revenue from professional services, consisting of implementation consulting services and training of customer personnel. 

Cost of Revenue 

Perpetual license 

Our cost of perpetual license revenue consists of the cost of third-party software royalties, appliances and amortization of intangible assets. 

Subscription 

Our cost of subscription revenue primarily consists of costs associated with our data center operations for our cloud service, our global Customer Success organization and third-party software royalties. Cloud service data center costs primarily consist of third-party hosting facilities, telecommunications and information technology costs. Global Customer Success organization and data center operations costs primarily consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation, depreciation, recruiting, facilities and third-party data center costs. 

Software support and service 

Our software support and services cost of revenue primarily consists of costs associated with our global Customer Success organization, including our customer support, professional services, customer advocacy and training   

35 

Table of Contents   

teams. These costs consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation, depreciation, recruiting, facilities and information technology costs. 

Gross Margin 

Gross margin, or gross profit as a percentage of total revenue, has been and will continue to be affected by various factors, including mix between large and small customers, mix of products sold, mix between perpetual and subscription licenses, timing of revenue recognition and the extent to which we expand our global Customer Success organization and data center operations, including costs associated with third-party hosting facilities and stock-based compensation expense associated with grants of equity awards. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on the factors described above. 

Operating Expenses 

Personnel costs are the most significant component of operating expenses and consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation and, with regard to sales and marketing expense, sales commissions. While operating expenses, exclusive of stock-based compensation expense, may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue from period to period, we expect them to decrease over the long-term as a percentage of total revenue.   Stock-based compensation expense may fluctuate depending on the size and timing of restricted stock unit grants, option grants and stock-settled bonus plans, if any.    S  tock-based compensation expense was $26.7 million and $20.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs. Research and development expense also includes costs associated with contractors and consultants, equipment and software to support our development and quality assurance teams, facilities and information technology. While our research and development expense, exclusive of stock-based compensation expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue, we expect it to decrease over the long term as a percentage of total revenue. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including sales commissions. We expense commissions up-front at the time of the sale. Sales and marketing expense also includes third-party events, lead generation campaigns, promotional and other marketing activities, as well as travel, equipment and software, depreciation, consulting, information technology and facilities. While our sales and marketing expense, exclusive of stock-based compensation expense, as a percentage of total revenue may fluctuate, we expect it to decrease over the long term as a percentage of total revenue.  

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expense consists of personnel costs, travel, information technology, facilities and professional services fees. General and administrative personnel include our executive, finance, human resources and legal organizations. Professional services fees consist primarily of legal fees, and accounting and consulting costs. While our general and administrative expense, exclusive of stock-based compensation expense, as a percentage of total revenue may fluctuate, we expect it to decrease over the long term as a percentage of total revenue. 

Restructuring Charges 

Restructuring charges consist of severance and other costs associated with reducing our workforce to align our cost structure with our expected growth rate. 

36 

Table of Contents   

Amortization of Intangible Assets 

Amortization of intangible assets consists of amortization of technology assets from company acquisitions and asset purchases. 

Other Expense     Net 

Other expense, net consists primarily of the effect of exchange rates on our foreign currency-denominated asset and liability balances and interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents and fixed income securities. All translation adjustments are recorded as foreign currency gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of operations.  

Income Tax Expense 

Income tax expense consists primarily of income taxes in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business. We maintain a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets including net operating loss carry-forwards, research and development tax credits, capitalized research and development and other book versus tax differences. 

Consolidated Results of Operations 

The following tables summarize our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of our total revenue for those periods. The period-to-period comparison of results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. 

(1) 

Includes Stock-based compensation expense as follows:     

37 

Table of Contents   

38 

Table of Contents   

Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

Revenue 

39 

Table of Contents   

Perpetual license revenue decreased $2.3 million, or 17%, and $6.6 million, or 17%, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2015, primarily due to a slowdown in perpetual license orders and a shift in favor of software licenses priced as subscriptions.  

Subscription revenue increased $3.3 million, or 27%, and $11.3 million, or 34%, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2015, primarily due to increased sales of solutions sold under either a cloud-based delivery model or a subscription term license for our on-premise software products. The increase in subscription revenue also reflected an increase in MRC revenue to $6.0 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $5.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015. MRC revenue increased to $18.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $14.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Software support and services revenue increased $2.6 million, or 21%, and $7.5 million, or 22%, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2015, primarily as a result of an increased installed base of customers that purchase recurring software support. Professional services revenue increased from $515,000 to $780,000, in the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the corresponding period of 2015, as a result of the recognition of revenue from a number of professional services engagements that we completed in the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Professional services revenue increased from $2.2 million to $2.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of 2015.  

Revenue from international sales increased 11% and 16%, respectively, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding periods of 2015 due to an increase in the adoption of our products and a larger cumulative installed base of customers outside of the United States.  

Revenue from U.S. sales increased 8% and 7% in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2015 due to an increased customer base and a decrease in the effect from a shift in billing mix from perpetual to subscription licenses that started in 2015.   

Revenue from our largest reseller, AT T, was 17% of total revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to 16% and 18% of total revenue in the corresponding periods of the prior year. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of total revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

40 

Table of Contents   

Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 

Total cost of revenue increased $236,000, or 3%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period of the prior year. Perpetual license cost of revenue decreased $93,000 due to decreases in royalties and intangible assets amortization expense. Subscription cost of revenue increased $263,000, or 14%, due mainly to an increase in data center operations expense. Software support and services cost of revenue decreased $115,000, or 2%, due primarily to a decrease in Global Customer Success organization stock-based compensation expenses.  

Total cost of revenue increased $2.6 million, or 12%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period of the prior year. Perpetual license cost of revenue increased $169,000, or 9%, primarily due to an increase in sales of our hardware appliances, partially offset by a decrease in intangible assets amortization and inventory reserve expense. Subscription cost of revenue increased $818,000, or 15%, due to an increase in data center operations expense, royalties, Global Customer Success organization payroll-related expense and other third-party costs. Software support and services cost of revenue increased $1.3 million, or 11%, primarily due to an increase in Global Customer Success organization expense. 

41 

Table of Contents   

Operating Expenses 

Research and development expense decreased $730,000, or 4%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of 2015 primarily due to a decrease in personnel costs of $1.0 million. Stock-based compensation expense, part of personnel costs, decreased by $1.1 million primarily because of lower expense associated with stock option grants and our stock-settled bonus program. While we increased our development headcount to support continued investment in our product and service offerings, we hired more employees in India resulting in a modest increase in payroll costs. Partially offsetting the decreases, facilities and other infrastructure expense increased by $460,000, which reflects office rent increases in the U.S. and India. Professional fees decreased by $157,000 due to lower recruiting and other outside service costs. 

Research and development expense increased $5.8 million, or 13%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of 2015, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs of $3.3 million as we increased our development headcount to support continued investment in our product and service offerings. This includes an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $1.4 million, which was driven primarily by a stock-settled bonus accrual and restricted stock unit grants. Facilities and other infrastructure expense increased by $2.0 million to support the increased headcount in research and development and also reflects office rent increases in the U.S. and India. Professional fees increased by $490,000 to support product development initiatives. 

Sales and marketing expense decreased $1.9 million, or 7%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of 2015 primarily due to a decrease in personnel costs of $1.3 million and travel expenses of $460,000. Within personnel costs, salary-related expenses decreased by $1.0 million and stock-based compensation expense decreased by $279,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. The headcount reduction completed in the third quarter of 2015 and a more measured approach to hiring and replacing personnel since then is the primary reason for the salary-related expense decrease. The stock-based compensation expense decrease was driven primarily by lower expense associated with stock option grants and our stock-settled bonus program.  

Sales and marketing expense decreased $3.8 million, or 5%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of 2015, primarily due to decreases in personnel costs of $3.1 million related to   

42 

Table of Contents   

lower sales headcount. This includes an increase of $1.8 million for stock-based compensation expense, driven primarily by restricted stock unit grants and our stock-settled bonus program. The headcount reduction completed in the third quarter of 2015 and a more measured approach to hiring and replacing personnel since then is the primary reason for a salary-related expense decrease of $3.2 million, and commission plan structure changes were primarily responsible for a $1.2 million decrease in commission expense. Travel-related expense decreased $2.0 million, again due to cost reduction initiatives implemented in the third quarter of 2015. The decrease in payroll-related and travel expenses was partially offset by an increase in professional fees of $475,000 to support sales and an increase in third-party marketing-related expense of $733,000 as we devoted more resources to field marketing programs and events.  

General and administrative expense decreased $3.5 million, or 34%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of 2015 primarily due to a $3.8 million decrease in litigation legal fees due to our settlement of patent litigation in 2015. The decrease in litigation legal fees was partially offset by an increase in personnel costs of $315,000. This includes an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $295,000, which was driven primarily by the grant of restricted stock units and our stock-settled bonus program.  

General and administrative expense decreased $5.2 million, or 19%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of 2015, primarily due to an $8.4 million decrease in litigation legal fees due to our settlement of patent litigation in 2015 partially offset by an increase in personnel costs of $3.3 million. This includes an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $2.8 million, which was driven primarily by a stock-settled bonus accrual and restricted stock unit grants. Modest increases in hiring accounted for the remainder of the increase in personnel costs. In addition, professional fees decreased $447,000 due to lower recruiting expense, and facilities and infrastructure expenses increased by $246,000. 

Restructuring charges were $1.1 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  ($181,000 in cost of revenue and $871,000 in operating expenses) and $1.0 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.   The restructuring charges resulted from workforce reductions designed to align our spending with our expected growth rate. 

Other (Income) Expense Net 

Other (income) expense net was primarily comprised of interest income and gains or losses from foreign currency transactions and the translation of foreign-denominated balances to the U.S. dollar. We recorded $115,000 of interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $83,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Interest income was $320,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $223,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We also recorded $117,000 and $64,000 of foreign currency losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $164,000 and $321,000 of foreign currency losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Income Tax Expense 

43 

Table of Contents   

Income tax expense was $298,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $183,000 in the corresponding period of 2015. Income tax expense was $672,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $460,000 in the corresponding period of 2015. The increase in income tax expense was due to an increase in foreign income taxes on profits realized by our foreign subsidiaries as we expanded internationally, most significantly in India. We have a full valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $38.1 million. Substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents are held in the United States. At September 30, 2016, we had short-term investments of $41.6 million and long-term investments of $700,000. 

In addition, we have a revolving line of credit with a financial institution with potential borrowing capacity of $18.5 million that expires in August 2017. We are required to maintain an adjusted quick ratio (defined as the ratio of current assets to current liabilities minus deferred revenue) of at least 1.25. At September 30, 2016, we had no borrowings outstanding under this revolving loan facility and we were in compliance with our loan covenants. 

We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and services offerings, the continuing market acceptance of our products, any future acquisition and similar transactions, and the proportion of our perpetual versus subscription sales. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Our primary source of cash from operating activities has been from cash collections from our customers. We expect cash inflows from operating activities to be affected by increases in sales and timing of collections. Our primary use of cash from operating activities has been for personnel costs.  

44 

Table of Contents   

In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used $20.2 million of cash for operating activities compared to $40.8 million in the corresponding period of the prior year. We incurred a net loss of $57.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a net loss of $70.1 million in the corresponding period of 2015 as we decreased our operating expenses 2% to $151.7 million and increased our cost of revenue 12% to $23.2 million relative to the corresponding period of 2015. The net loss included non-cash charges of $29.7 million, primarily due to stock-based compensation and depreciation expense, compared to $23.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Changes in operating assets and liabilities, as sources of cash, consisted of a $970,000 decrease in accounts receivable and an $8.3 million increase in deferred revenue, that were partially offset by an unfavorable change in other working capital items of $2.2 million.  

In the corresponding period of 2015,   we used $40.8 million of cash for operating activities primarily as a result of the expansion of our sales organization, investment in marketing programs, and the addition of headcount in research and development, customer success, data center operations and our general and administrative departments. We incurred a net loss of $70.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net loss included non-cash charges of $23.4 million, primarily due to stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions, as sources of cash, consisted of a $10.2 million increase in deferred revenue, a $443,000 decrease in accounts receivable and a $1.9 million favorable change in accounts payable that were partially offset by an unfavorable change in other working capital items of $6.6 million. 

Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 

Our investing activities have consisted of purchases of property and equipment and purchases of investment securities, offset by maturities of the investment securities. We expect to continue to make purchases of property and equipment to support the growth of our business. 

Cash provided by investing activities was $7.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to cash used in investing activities of $27.2 million in the corresponding period of 2015. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received $70.7 million from maturities of investment securities and invested $61.4 million in new investment securities, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 where we received $21.9 million from maturities of our investments and invested $46.7 million in new investment securities. Purchases of property and equipment were $2.3 million and $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In both periods, we purchased equipment to expand our data centers and infrastructure to support growth, and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 also included purchases to fit out new office facilities.  

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Our financing activities have historically consisted of proceeds from the issuance of convertible preferred stock and common stock, the exercise of stock options, our ESPP and borrowings and repayments under our revolving line of credit. 

In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our financing activities provided $4.1 million of cash. We received $814,000 from the exercise of stock options and $3.2 million from ESPP contributions. 

In the nine months ended September 30, 2015,   our financing activities provided $8.4 million of cash. We received $4.4 million from the exercise of stock options and $4.0 million from ESPP contributions. 

Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements or relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which are typically established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 

45 

Table of Contents   

Segment Information 

We have one primary business activity and operate in one reportable segment. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Management believes that there have been no material changes to our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to those disclosed in   Part II, Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on February 23, 2016  . 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

On May 1, 2015, a purported stockholder class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers, captioned Panjwani v. MobileIron, Inc., et al. The action was purportedly brought on behalf of a putative class of all persons who purchased or otherwise   

46 

Table of Contents   

acquired the Company s securities between February 13, 2015 and April 22, 2015. It asserted claims for violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.The complaint sought, among other things, compensatory damages and attorney s fees and costs on behalf of the putative class.  An amended complaint was filed on September 28, 2015.  On February 22, 2016, the District Court issued an order granting MobileIron s motion to dismiss the amended complaint and on March 15, 2016 the Court dismissed the case. MobileIron paid no money to the plaintiffs or their attorneys in connection with the dismissal of the action. 

On August 5, 2015, August 21, 2015 and August 24, 2015, purported stockholder class action lawsuits were filed in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County against the Company, certain of its officers, directors, underwriters and investors, captioned Schneider v. MobileIron, Inc., et al., Kerley v. MobileIron, Inc., et al. and Steinberg v. MobileIron, Inc., et al, which were subsequently consolidated under the case caption In re MobileIron Shareholder Litigation. The actions are purportedly brought on behalf of a putative class of all persons who purchased the Company s securities issued pursuant or traceable to the Company s registration statement and the June 12, 2014 initial public offering. The lawsuits assert claims for violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933. The complaint seeks among other things, compensatory damages and attorney s fees and costs on behalf of the putative class. On April 12, 2016, Plaintiffs filed a corrected consolidated complaint, which no longer names the underwriters or investors as defendants. On August 8, 2016 the Company filed a demurrer to the corrected consolidated complaint.  The court overruled the demurrer on October 4, 2016.  The Company intends to defend this litigation vigorously. 

We continually evaluate uncertainties associated with litigation and record a charge equal to at least the minimum estimated liability for a loss contingency when both of the following conditions are met: (i) information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (ii) the loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is possible and a range of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we disclose the range of the possible loss in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We evaluate, on a quarterly basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, if any, and the matters and related ranges of possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there being and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. Until the final resolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss, and such amounts could be material. An estimate of a reasonably possible loss (or a range of loss) cannot be made in our lawsuits at this time. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

You should carefully consider the following risk factors, in addition to the other information contained in this report on Form 10-Q, including the section of this report titled  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and our financial statements and related notes. If any of the events described in the following risk factors and the risks described elsewhere in this report occurs, our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. This report on Form 10-Q also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of factors that are described below and elsewhere in this report  . 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future financial results and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 

Although we were incorporated in 2007, we did not commercially release the MobileIron platform until 2009, and we did not release our mobile application containerization and mobile content management solutions until 2012. As a result of our limited operating history, our ability to forecast our future operating results is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. We have encountered and expect to continue to encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing markets. If our assumptions regarding these uncertainties are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our markets, or if we do not manage or address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations,   

47 

Table of Contents   

and our business could suffer. Any success that we may experience in the future will depend, in large part, on our ability to, among other things: 

retain and expand our customer base on a cost-effective basis;  

increase revenues from existing customers as they add users or devices;  

increase revenues from existing customers as they purchase additional solutions;  

successfully compete in our markets;  

continue to add features and functionality to our solutions to meet customer demand;  

gain market traction with our MobileIron cloud platform and our mobile apps and content management solutions;  

continue to invest in research and development;  

scale our engineering and internal business operations in an efficient and cost-effective manner;  

scale our global Customer Success organization to make our customers successful in their mobile IT deployments;  

continue to expand our solutions across mobile operating systems and device platforms;  

hire, integrate and retain professional and technical talent;  

make our service provider partners successful in their deployments of our solutions and technology;  

successfully expand our business domestically and internationally; and  

successfully protect our intellectual property and defend against intellectual property infringement claims.  

We have had net losses each year since our inception and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 

We have incurred net losses each year since our inception, including net losses of $84.5 million, $61.9 million and $32.5 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and had a net loss of $14.6 million and $57.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, our accumulated deficit was $332.2 million.   Our revenue growth has slowed over recent periods, and we may not be able to sustain or increase our growth or achieve or sustain profitability in the future. Revenue growth has slowed, and may additionally slow or revenue may decline, for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to   our customers  and/or prospective customers  failure to widely deploy mobile apps within their businesses,   increasing and entrenched competition, changes in pricing model, customers  failure to renew or expand their deployments of our software, product and billing model mix shift, a decrease in size or growth of the mobile IT market, or any failure to capitalize on market opportunities. In addition over the past year, we have increased our expenditures to support the development and expansion of our business. We plan to continue to invest for future growth, in part by making additional investments in research and development, and as a result, we do not expect to be profitable for the foreseeable future. In addition, we will need to increase operating efficiency, which may be challenging given our operational complexity, the expenses outlined above, and expenses associated with being a public company. As a result of these increased expenditures, we will have to generate and sustain increased revenues to achieve future profitability. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including without limitation the other risks and uncertainties described in   this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2016  . Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future   

48 

Table of Contents   

periods. If these losses exceed our expectations or our revenue growth expectations are not met in future periods, our financial performance will be harmed.    

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or our guidance. 

Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate significantly in the future. The timing and size of sales of our solutions makes our revenue highly variable and difficult to predict and can result in significant fluctuations in our revenue from period to period. Historically, a substantial portion of our revenue has been generated from sales of software solutions sold as perpetual licenses to large enterprise companies, which tend to close near the end of a given quarter. Further, our customers  and prospective customers  buying patterns and sales cycles can vary significantly from quarter to quarter and are not subject to an established pattern over the course of a quarter. Accordingly, at the beginning of a quarter, we have limited visibility into the level of sales that will be made in that quarter. If expected revenue at the end of any quarter is reduced or delayed for any reason, we may not be able to reduce our costs sufficiently to compensate for an unexpected shortfall in revenue, and even a small shortfall in revenue could disproportionately and adversely affect our operating margin, operating results or other key metrics for a given quarter. 

Our operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of other factors, many of which are outside of our control, and any of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate. In addition to other risks listed in this  Risk Factors  section, factors that may affect our operating results include, but are not limited to: 

the inherent complexity, length and associated unpredictability of our sales cycles for our solutions;  

the extent to which our customers and prospective customers delay or defer purchase decisions in a quarter, particularly in the last few weeks of the quarter, which is when we typically complete a large portion of our sales for a quarter;  

our ability to develop and release in a timely manner new solutions, features and functionality that meet customer requirements;  

changes in pricing due to competitive pricing pressure or other factors;  

reductions and reprioritizations in customers  IT budgets and delays in the purchasing cycles of our customers and prospective customers;  

variation in sales channels or in mix of solutions sold, including the mix of solutions sold on a perpetual license versus a subscription or monthly recurring contract, or MRC, basis;  

the timing of recognizing revenue in any given quarter as a result of revenue recognition accounting rules, including the extent to which revenue from sales transactions in a given period may not be recognized until a future period or, conversely, the satisfaction of revenue recognition rules in a given period resulting in the recognition of revenue from transactions initiated in prior periods;  

changes in our mix of revenue as a result of our different deployment options and licensing models and the ensuing revenue recognition effects;  

the effect of litigation;  

changes in foreign currency exchange rates; and  

general economic conditions in our domestic and international markets.  

49 

Table of Contents   

The cumulative effects of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 

If our customers do not place significant follow-on orders to deploy our solutions widely throughout their companies, or if they do not renew with us or if they do not purchase additional solutions, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed. 

In order to increase our revenues we must continually grow our customer base and increase the depth and breadth of the deployments of our solutions with our existing customers. While customers may initially purchase a relatively modest number of licenses, it is important to our revenue growth that they later expand the use of our software on substantially more devices or for more users throughout their business. However, we have experienced a slowdown in perpetual license orders. We also need to upsell to sell additional solutions to the same customers. Our strategy also depends on our existing customers renewing their software support or subscription agreements with us. Because of the number of participants, consolidation in the mobile IT market and competing priorities within  customers  IT budgets, customers may delay making initial purchase orders or expanding orders as they take into account the evolving mobile IT landscape. Also, if we do not develop new solutions, features and functionality that meet our customers  needs, they may not place upsell orders or expand orders. The rate at which our customers purchase additional solutions depends on a number of factors, including the relative prioritization of the IT budget allocated to mobile projects versus other IT projects, perceived need for additional solutions, features or functionality, the reliability of our solutions and other competitive factors, such as pricing and competitors  offerings. If our efforts to sell additional licenses to our customers and to upsell additional solutions to our customers are not successful, our business may suffer. In addition, we have entered into enterprise license arrangements with certain large customers under which they pay an amount up front and in turn can deploy an unlimited number of devices in a certain period, which means that they do not have to pay for additional expand orders during that period. 

Further, existing customers that purchase our solutions have no contractual obligation to purchase additional solutions after the initial subscription or contract period, and given our limited operating history, we are unable to accurately predict our customer expansion or renewal rates. Our customers  expansion and   renewal rates     may   decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the level of their satisfaction with our solutions or our customer support, customer budgets and the pricing and breadth of our solutions compared with the solutions offered by our competitors, any of which may cause our revenue to grow more slowly than expected, if at all. 

For smaller or simpler deployments, the switching costs and time are relatively minor compared to traditional enterprise software deployments and a customer may decide not to renew with us and switch to a competitor s offerings. Accordingly, we must invest significant time and resources in providing ongoing value to our customers. If these efforts fail, or if our customers do not renew for other reasons, or if they renew on terms less favorable to us, our revenue may decline and our business will suffer  . 

We compete in rapidly evolving markets and must develop new solutions and enhancements to our existing solutions. If we fail to predict and respond rapidly to emerging technological trends and our customers  changing needs, we may not be able to remain competitive.   In addition, we   may not generate positive returns on our research and development investments, which may harm our operating results. 

Our markets are characterized by rapidly changing technology, changing customer needs, evolving operating system standards and frequent introductions of new offerings. To succeed, we must effectively anticipate, and adapt in a timely manner to, customer and multiple operating system requirements and continue to develop or acquire new solutions and features that meet market demands and technology trends.   Likewise, if our competitors introduce new offerings that compete with ours or incorporate features that are not available in our solutions, we may be required to reposition our solutions or introduce new solutions in response to such competitive pressure.   We may not have access to or have adequate notice of new operating system developments, and we may experience unanticipated delays in developing new solutions and cloud services or fail to meet customer expectations for such solutions. If we fail to timely develop and introduce new solutions or enhancements that respond adequately to new challenges in the mobile IT   

50 

Table of Contents   

market, our business could be adversely affected, especially if our competitors are able to more timely introduce solutions with such increased functionality. 

We have invested significant time and financial resources in the development of our platforms and infrastructure and believe that we must continue to dedicate substantial resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position.  Developing our products is expensive, and the investment in product development may not generate additional revenue in the near-term or at all. The research and development of new technologically advanced products is also a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate forecasts of technology, market trends and consumer needs. Our failure to successfully develop new and improved products, services and technologies may reduce our future growth and profitability and may adversely affect our business, results and financial condition. 

We have a primary back-end technology platform that can be used as a cloud service or deployed on premise and a second back-end platform that is purpose-built as a cloud-only large scale, multi-tenant platform. We must continually invest in both platforms, and the existence of two back-end technology platforms makes engineering more complex and expensive and may introduce compatibility challenges. We have made significant investments in the cloud-only platform and have not yet gained substantial market traction with the cloud-only platform. Should our MobileIron cloud-only platform fail to achieve substantial market traction, we would lose the value of our investment and our business and operating results may be harmed.    

Further, we may be required to commit significant resources to developing new solutions before knowing whether our investments will result in solutions that the market will accept. We are in the process of phasing out our older cloud-based product in favor of MobileIron Cloud, our newer and more scalable cloud-only platform. The failure to successfully market MobileIron Cloud as a replacement and improvement to our older cloud-based product or the failure of our customers and prospective customers to adopt MobileIron Cloud for any reason could result in a decline in our revenue. 

These risks are greater in the mobile IT market because our software is deployed on phones and tablets that run on different operating systems such as iOS, Android and Windows, and these multiple operating systems change frequently in response to consumer demand. As a result, we may need to release new software updates at a much greater pace than a traditional enterprise software company that supports only PCs. We may experience technical design, engineering, marketing and other difficulties that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or marketing of new solutions and enhancements on both of our technology platforms. As a result, we may not be successful in modifying our current solutions or introducing new ones in a timely or appropriately responsive manner, or at all. If we fail to address these changes successfully, our business and operating results could be materially harmed. 

Finally, all of our additional solutions require customers to use our MobileIron platform, whether deployed on-premise or through our cloud service. As such, virtually all of our revenue depends on the continued adoption and use of our MobileIron platform. If customers and prospective customers decided to stop using or purchasing the MobileIron platform, our product strategy would fail and our business would be harmed. 

An increasing portion of our sales has been generated from subscription, including MRC, licenses, which involves certain risks. 

An increasing portion of our sales has been generated from subscription, including MRC, licenses. This mix shift towards subscription licensing, presents a number of risks to us. For example, arrangements entered into on a subscription basis generally delay the timing of revenue recognition and often require the incurrence of up-front costs, which can be significant. Subscription revenues are recognized over the subscription period, which is typically 12 months. MRC revenue is recognized monthly on the basis of active users or devices and thus will fluctuate from month to month. We receive no revenue or billings on MRC at the time the deal is booked. As a result, even if customer demand increases, our revenues will not increase at the same rate as in prior periods, or may decline. Customers in a subscription arrangement may elect not to renew their contractual arrangement with us upon expiration, or they may attempt to renegotiate pricing or other contractual terms on terms that are less favorable to us. We recognize a substantial portion of our subscription revenues over the term of the subscription agreement; however, we incur upfront costs, such as sales commissions, related to acquiring such customers. Therefore, as we add customers in a particular year, our   

51 

Table of Contents   

immediate costs to acquire customers may increase significantly relative to revenues recognized in that same year, which could result in increased losses or decreased profits in that period. Service providers that operate on an MRC billing model typically report to us in arrears on a monthly basis the number of actual users or devices deployed, and then we generate invoices based on those reports. Therefore, invoicing and collection logistics often result in a longer collection cycle, which negatively affects our cash flow. In addition, under an MRC billing model, the service provider typically has the contractual and business relationship with the customer, and thus we typically depend more heavily on the service provider partner for both customer acquisition and support under this billing model. To the extent that service providers bundle our solution with their offerings and price aggressively, it could result in an increase in MRC billings. We may attempt to mitigate these risks by converting service providers or customers from MRC to perpetual or other licensing arrangements, which may reduce the long term value of the customer relationship.  

We are in a highly competitive market, and competitive pressures from existing and new companies may harm our business, revenues, growth rates and market share. In addition, there has been consolidation in our market, and a number of our current or potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater resources than we do. 

Our market is intensely competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors, consolidations and new market entrants. Our major competitors include Blackberry, Citrix, IBM, Microsoft and VMware. A number of our historical competitors have been purchased by large corporations. For example, AirWatch was acquired by VMware and Good Technology was acquired by Blackberry. These large corporations have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger and better established customer bases, more channel partners, and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources than we have. Consolidation is expected to continue in our industry. As a result of consolidation, our competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their solutions and services, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, take advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities more readily, and develop and expand their solution and service offerings and features more quickly than we can. In addition, certain of our competitors may be able to leverage their relationships with customers based on an installed base of solutions or to incorporate functionality into existing solutions to gain business in a manner that discourages customers from including us in competitive bidding processes, evaluating and/or purchasing our solutions, including through selling at zero or negative margins, through solution bundling or through enterprise license deals. Some potential customers, especially Forbes Global 2000 Leading Companies, have already made investments in, or may make investments in, substantial personnel and financial resources and established deep relationships with these much larger enterprise IT vendors, which may make them reluctant to evaluate our solutions or work with us regardless of solution performance or features. Potential customers may prefer to purchase a broad suite of solutions from a single provider, or may prefer to purchase mobile IT solutions from an existing supplier rather than a new supplier, regardless of performance or features. 

We expect competition to intensify in the future as new and existing competitors introduce new solutions into our market. In addition, some of our competitors have entered into partnerships or other strategic relationships to offer a more comprehensive solution than they individually had offered. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions in an evolving industry. This competition has resulted in the past and could in the future result in increased pricing pressure, reduced operating margins, increased sales and marketing expenses, and failure to increase, or the loss of, market share, any of which could harm our business, operating results or financial condition. Competitors  offerings may in the future have better performance, better features, lower prices and broader acceptance than our solutions, or embody new technologies, which could render our existing solutions obsolete or less attractive to customers, or be bundled with legacy enterprise security and management products as a  one-stop-shop  offering, which certain customers with large installed bases of those legacy products may prefer. If we fail to keep up with technological changes or to convince our customers and potential customers of the value of our solutions, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

52 

Table of Contents   

Changes in features and functionality by operating system providers and mobile device manufacturers could cause us to make short-term changes in engineering focus or product development or otherwise impair our product development efforts or strategy, increase our costs, and harm our business. 

Our platform depends on interoperability with operating systems, such as those provided by Apple, Google and Microsoft, as well as device manufacturers. Because mobile operating systems are released more frequently than legacy PC operating systems, and we typically have limited advance notice of changes in features and functionality of operating systems and mobile devices, we may be forced to divert resources from our preexisting product roadmap in order to accommodate these changes. As a result of this limited advance notice, we also have a short time to implement and test changes to our product to accommodate these new features, which increases the risk of product defects. In addition, if we fail to enable IT departments to support operating system upgrades upon release, our business and reputation could suffer. This could disrupt our product roadmap and cause us to delay introduction of planned solutions, features and functionality, which could harm our business.  

Operating system providers have included, and may continue to include, features and functionality in their operating systems that are comparable to certain of our solutions, features and/or functionality, thereby making our platform less valuable. The inclusion of, or the announcement of an intent to include, functionality perceived to be similar to that offered by our mobile IT solutions in mobile operating systems may have an adverse effect on our ability to market and sell our solutions. Even if the functionality offered by mobile operating system providers is more limited than our solutions, a significant number of potential customers may elect to accept such limited functionality in lieu of purchasing our solutions. Furthermore, some of the features and functionality in our solutions require interoperability with operating system APIs, and if operating system providers decide to restrict our access to their APIs, that functionality would be lost and our business could be impaired. Finally, we have entered into contractual arrangements with operating systems providers and/or mobile device manufactures, under which we are obligated to certain development priorities, which can further limit our engineering flexibility. 

A failure of our product strategy with regard to mobile application and content management could harm our business. 

Our product and business strategy is highly dependent on our existing and potential customers  continued adoption of our solutions, features and functionality for both mobile application and mobile content management. Slow adoption of customer-built mobile business applications for iOS, Android and Windows would slow the need for and adoption of our platform for mobile application management and security because if customers are not deploying business apps other than email they may be content to continue using more basic MDM offerings and not see the value in our more advanced mobile application management and data security capabilities. Customers  preference for mobile applications could also shift to browser-based applications that can run on any mobile device through a web browser, which would reduce the value of our mobile application containerization solution. In addition, operating system providers could act in ways that could harm our mobile content and apps product strategy. For example, Microsoft released Office 365 and is bundling certain mobile device management capabilities with Office 365 in an attempt to dissuade customers from using EMM solutions other than Microsoft. If this strategy succeeds, the value of our own mobile content management solution and the value of our ecosystem of collaboration and storage partners may diminish. If our product strategy around mobile apps and content management fails or is not as successful as we hope for these or other reasons, the value of our investment would be lost and our results of operations would be harmed. 

53 

Table of Contents   

We have experienced turnover, and the loss of key personnel or an inability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel may impair our ability to expand our business.  

Our success is substantially dependent upon the continued service and performance of our senior management team and key technical, marketing, sales and operations personnel, including our senior management. In 2015 and the first half of 2016, we had substantial changes in our executive team. The replacement of any members of our senior management team or other key personnel likely would involve significant time and costs and may harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our future success also depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract, integrate and retain highly skilled personnel, in particular engineers and sales personnel. Competition for highly skilled personnel is frequently intense, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area, where we have a substantial presence and need for highly skilled personnel, including, in particular, engineers. We must offer competitive compensation and opportunities for professional growth in order to attract and retain these highly skilled employees. Failure to successfully attract, integrate or retain qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs may negatively impact our growth. 

If we are not able to scale our business and manage our expenses, our operating results may suffer. 

We have significantly expanded our operations during the past few years. We have expanded, decreased and/or relocated specific functions over time in order to scale efficiently, including a July 2016 restructuring to improve our cost structure and help scale our business. Our need to scale our business has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our administrative and operational business processes, infrastructure, facilities and other resources. Our ability to manage our operations will require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources to improve internal business processes and systems, including investments in automation. Further international expansion may also be required for our continued business growth, and managing any international expansion will require additional resources and controls. If our operations infrastructure and business processes fail to keep pace with our business and customer requirements, customers may experience disruptions in service or support or we may not scale the business efficiently, which could adversely affect our reputation and adversely affect our revenues. There is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to develop and expand our infrastructure and business processes at the pace necessary to scale the business, and our failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our business. If we fail to efficiently expand our engineering, operations, cloud infrastructure, IT and financial organizations and systems, or if we fail to implement or maintain effective internal business processes, controls and procedures, our costs and expenses may increase more than we planned or we may fail to execute on our product roadmap or our business plan, any of which would likely seriously harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

A security breach of our cloud service infrastructure or a disruption of our cloud service availability for any reason could result in liabilities, lost business and reputational harm. 

In connection with providing our cloud service to customers, we obtain access to certain sensitive data, such as employees  names, registration credentials, mobile device ID, geolocation of last device check-in, business email addresses, mobile phone numbers, business contact information and the list of applications installed on the mobile devices. Any security breach of the systems used to provide the cloud service, whether through third-party action or employee error or malfeasance, could result in damage, loss, misuse or theft of such data. A breach could also give rise to litigation or require us to incur financial and operational expenses in connection with fulfillment of certain indemnity obligations to our cloud service customers and settling or defending claims made against us.  Techniques used to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access to information processing systems change frequently. In addition, they generally are not recognized until launched against a target. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative or mitigation measures in a timely manner. Because our software is designed to enable IT administrators to secure and manage sensitive data transmitted to or stored on employees  mobile devices, the publicity associated with an actual or perceived breach of our cloud service infrastructure would likely result in particular reputational damage, as well as loss of potential sales and existing customers. In addition, unexpected increases in demand at one customer may affect the overall service in unanticipated ways and may cause a disruption in service for other customers of this platform. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages and other performance problems with our cloud service. These problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, malicious code, denial of service or other security attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage and interruption or loss of critical third party hosting, power or   

54 

Table of Contents   

Internet connectivity services. If we sustain disruptions of our cloud services for any reason, our reputation, business and results of operations would be seriously harmed.  

Defects in our solutions could harm our business, including as a result of customer dissatisfaction, data breaches or other disruption, and subject us to substantial liability. 

Because the mobile IT market involves multiple operating platforms, we provide frequent incremental releases of solution updates and functional enhancements. Such new versions frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or released. We have often found defects in new releases of our solutions, and new errors in our existing solutions may be detected in the future. Defects in our solutions may also result in vulnerability to security attacks, which could result in claims by customers and users for losses that they sustain.  

Because our customers use our solutions for important aspects of their business, any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our solutions could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers  businesses. In certain instances, our customers have stopped using or failed to expand use of, our solutions as a result of defects, and this may happen in the future.  In addition, customers may delay or withhold payment to us, elect not to renew and make warranty claims or other claims against us. In addition, we rely on positive customer experience in order to sell additional products to other customers or sell to new customers. Defects or disruptions in our solution could result in reputational harm and loss of future sales. In addition, regardless of the party at fault, errors of these kinds divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our development efforts, damage our reputation and the reputation of our solutions, cause significant customer relations problems and can result in product liability claims.  

Security breaches and other disruptions of our information systems could significantly impair our operations, compromise our ability to conduct our business and deliver our products and services, and result in significant data losses, theft of our intellectual property, significant liability, damage to our reputation and loss of current and future business. 

We rely on our IT systems for almost all of our business operations, including internal operations, product development, sales and marketing, and communications with customers and other business partners. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of both our own sensitive information and our customers  data is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any cyber security attack could result in the damage, loss, theft or misappropriation of our proprietary information or our customers  data and/or cause interruptions of our internal business operations or the delivery of our solutions to customers. Because the techniques used by unauthorized persons to access or sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or readily detect or take remedial action against an attack. Further, if unauthorized access or sabotage remains undetected for an extended period of time, the effects of such breach could be exacerbated. We also depend on our employees to handle confidential data appropriately and deploy our information resources in a secure fashion that does not expose our network systems to security breaches and the loss of data. Any breach as a result of cyber criminals or employee malfeasance or error could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any future breaches of our systems. We have also outsourced a number of our business functions to third parties, and thus our business operations also depend, in part, on their cybersecurity measures. Any unauthorized access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, investigations by law enforcement or regulatory bodies, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, and could disrupt our operations and the solutions we provide to customers, and damage our reputation, which could adversely affect our business. 

Disruptions of the third-party data centers that host our cloud service could result in delays or outages of our cloud service and harm our business. 

We currently host our cloud service from third-party data center facilities operated by several different providers located around the world, such as Equinix and Amazon Web Services. Any damage to, or failure of, our cloud service that is hosted by these third parties, whether as a result of our actions, actions by the third-party data centers, actions by other third parties, or acts of God, could result in interruptions in our cloud service and/or the loss of data.   

55 

Table of Contents   

While the third-party hosting centers host the server infrastructure, we manage the cloud services through our site reliability engineering team and need to support version control, changes in cloud software parameters and the evolution of our solutions, all in a multi-OS environment. As we continue to add data centers and capacity in our existing data centers, we may move or transfer our data and our customers  data. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our service. In some cases, we have entered into contractual service level commitments to maintain uptime of at least 99.9% for our cloud services platform and if we or our third-party data center facilities fail to meet these service level commitments, we may have to issue service credits to these customers. Impairment of, or interruptions in, our cloud services may reduce our subscription revenues, subject us to claims and litigation, cause our customers to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our subscription renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. Our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable.  

We do not control, or in some cases have limited control over, the operation of the data center facilities we use, and they are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct, and to adverse events caused by operator error. We cannot rapidly switch to new data centers or move customers from one data center to another in the event of any adverse event. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster, an act of terrorism or other act of malfeasance, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our service and the loss of customer data and business.  

The prices of our solutions may decrease or we may change our licensing or subscription renewal programs or bundling arrangements, which may reduce our revenue and adversely impact our financial results. 

The prices for our solutions may decline for a variety of reasons, including competitive pricing pressures, discounts, a change in our mix of solutions toward subscription, enterprise-wide licensing arrangements, bundling of solutions, features and functionality by us or our competitors, potential changes in our pricing, anticipation of the introduction of new solutions, or promotional programs for customers or channel partners. Competition and consolidation continue to increase in the markets in which we participate, and we expect competition to further increase in the future, leading to increased pricing pressures. Larger competitors with more diverse product lines may reduce the price of solutions or services that compete with ours or may bundle their solutions with other solutions and services. Furthermore, we anticipate that the sales prices and gross profits for our solutions will decrease over product life cycles. If we are unable to increase sales to offset any decline in our prices, our business and results of operations would be harmed.  

We continually re-evaluate our licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including specific license models and terms and conditions. We have in the past implemented, and could in the future implement, new licensing programs and subscription renewal programs or bundling arrangements, including promotional programs or specified enhancements to our current and future solutions, enterprise licensing arrangements, discounted pricing and/or conversion of service providers or customers from one billing model to another. Depending on the nature of the change, such changes could result in deferring revenue recognition regardless of the date of the initial shipment or licensing of our solutions. Changes to our licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including the timing of the release of enhancements, upgrades, maintenance releases, the term of the contract, discounts, promotions and other factors, could impact the timing of the recognition of revenue for our solutions, related enhancements and services and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.  

Our ability to sell our solutions is highly dependent on the quality of our support, which is made complex by the requirements of mobile IT. Our failure to deliver high quality support would have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. 

Once our solutions are deployed, our customers depend on our support organization or that of our channel partners to resolve any issues relating to our solutions. Our failure to provide effective support has in the past, and could in the future, adversely affect our ability to sell our solutions or increase the number of licenses sold to existing customers. Our customer support is especially critical because the mobile IT market requires relatively frequent software releases. Mobile IT requires a complex set of features, functionality and controls, which makes support critical and   

56 

Table of Contents   

difficult. In addition, we target companies on the Forbes Global 2000 Leading Companies list, many of whom have complex networks and require higher levels of support than smaller customers. As customers deploy more licenses and purchase a broader array of our solutions, the complexity and difficulty of our support obligations increase. If we fail to meet the requirements of the larger customers, it may be more difficult to increase our deployments either within our existing Forbes Global 2000 Leading Companies list or other customers or with new Forbes Global 2000 Leading Companies list customers. We face additional challenges in supporting our non-U.S. customers, including the need to rely on channel partners to provide support. 

We rely substantially on channel partners for the sale and distribution of our solutions and, in some instances, for the support of our solutions. A loss of certain channel partners, a decrease in revenues from certain of these channel partners or any failure in our channel strategy could adversely affect our business.  

A substantial portion of our sales are through channel partners   either telecommunications carriers, which we call service providers, or other resellers -- and thus we depend on our channel partners and on our channel partner strategy for the vast majority of our revenue. Our international resellers often enter into agreements directly with our mutual customers to host the software and provide other value-added services, such as IT administration. 

Our service provider partners often provide support to our customers and enter into similar agreements directly with our mutual customers to host the software and/or provide other value-added services. Our agreements and operating relationships with our service provider partners are complex and require a significant commitment of internal time and resources. In addition, our service provider partners are large corporations with multiple strategic businesses and relationships, and thus our business may not be significant to them in the overall context of their much larger enterprise. Even if the service provider partner considers us to be an important strategic relationship, internal processes at these large partners are sometimes difficult and time-consuming to navigate. Thus, any loss of a major channel partner or failure of our channel strategy could adversely affect our business. AT T, as a reseller, is our largest service provider partner and was responsible for 16% of our total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

Our agreements with AT T and our other channel partners are non-exclusive and most of our channel partners have entered, and may continue to enter, into strategic relationships with our competitors. Our channel partners may terminate their respective relationships with us with limited or no notice and with limited or no penalty, pursue other partnerships or relationships, or attempt to develop or acquire solutions or services that compete with our solutions. If our channel partners do not effectively market and sell our solutions, if they choose to place greater emphasis on solutions of their own or those offered by our competitors, or if they fail to provide adequate support or otherwise meet the needs of our customers, our ability to grow our business and sell our solutions may be adversely affected. The loss of our channel partners, in particular AT T, the failure to recruit additional channel partners, or any reduction or delay in sales of our solutions by our channel partners could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We have made a variety of changes to our North American channel strategy which can cause confusion among our existing resellers. In addition, we have sold and may in the future sell directly to end-user customers, which may adversely affect our relationship with our channel partners. 

Our sales cycles for large enterprises are often long, unpredictable and expensive. As a result, our sales and revenue are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from period to period, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly. 

Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use and benefits of our solutions, including the technical capabilities of our solutions and the business value of our solutions. Many of our large customers have very complex IT systems, mobile environments and data privacy and security requirements. Accordingly, many of these customers undertake a significant evaluation process, which frequently involves not only our solutions, but also those of our competitors, and has resulted in lengthy sales cycles. We spend substantial time, money and effort on our sales activities without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. In addition, purchases of our solutions are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals, lengthy contract negotiations and unplanned administrative, processing and other delays. Moreover, the evolving nature of the mobile IT market may lead prospective customers to postpone their purchasing decisions pending adoption of technology by others or pending potential consolidation in the market. As a result of our lengthy sales cycle, it is difficult to predict whether and when a sale will be completed, and our   

57 

Table of Contents   

operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Even if sales are completed, the revenues we receive from these customers may not be sufficient to offset our upfront investments.  

We seek to sell our solutions to large enterprises. Sales to and support of these types of enterprises involve risks that could harm our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our growth strategy is dependent, in part, upon increasing sales of our solutions to large enterprises. Sales to large customers involve risks that may not be present (or that are present to a lesser extent) with sales to smaller entities. These risks include: 

more complicated network requirements, which result in more difficult and time-consuming implementation processes;  

more intense and time-consuming customer support practices;  

increased purchasing power and leverage held by large customers in negotiating contractual arrangements with us;  

more customer-favorable contractual terms, including penalties;  

longer sales cycles and the associated risk that substantial time and resources may be spent on a potential customer that ultimately elects not to purchase our solution or purchases fewer licenses than we had anticipated;  

closer relationships with, and dependence upon, large technology companies that offer competitive solutions;  

an RFP process that may favor incumbent or larger technology companies;  

increased reputational risk as a result of data breaches or other problems involving high profile customers; and  

more pressure for discounts.  

If we are unable to increase sales of our solutions to large enterprises while mitigating the risks associated with serving such customers, our business, financial position and results of operations may suffer. 

Our failure to comply with privacy laws and standards could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Personal privacy has become a significant issue in the United States and in many other countries where we offer our solutions. Many federal, state and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, disclosure and retention of personal information. In the United States, these include, for example, rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and state breach notification laws. 

Internationally, different jurisdictions have a variety of data security and privacy laws, with which we or our customers must comply, including the Data Protection Directive and the recently adopted Global Data Protection Regulation in the European Union and the Federal Data Protection Act in Germany. The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. For example, in October 2015, the European Court of Justice declared invalid the European Commission s decision creating the so-called Safe Harbor Framework, which we have relied on to transfer personal information from the European Union to the United States. The European Commission and the United States agreed in July 2016 on a new transatlantic data transfer framework, the EU-US Privacy Shield, which replaces the Safe Harbor Framework. Certification under the EU-US Privacy Shield is expected to begin in August 2016; however, legal challenges to the Privacy Shield have already been   

58 

Table of Contents   

raised. We are closely monitoring developments related to the Privacy Shield and requirements for transferring personal data outside of the EU.   

If any of our European customers or prospective customers decide not to purchase our software as a result of this regulatory uncertainty, our revenues could decline and our business could suffer. In addition to laws and regulations, privacy advocacy and industry groups or other private parties may propose new and different privacy standards. Because the interpretation and application of privacy and data protection laws and privacy standards are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws or privacy standards may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our solutions. Any inability to adequately address privacy concerns, even if unfounded, or to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, regulations and privacy standards, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales of our solutions and harm our business. 

Our failure to adequately protect personal information and to maintain the security of enterprise data could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Employee adoption of mobile initiatives depends on the credible and clear separation of enterprise applications and data and personal information on the device, as well as the privacy of such data. For our customers, it is also essential to maintain the security of enterprise data properly while retaining the native experience users expect. While we contractually obligate our customers to make the required disclosures and gain the required consents from their employees in order to comply with applicable law regarding the processing of personally identifiable information that the employer may access, we do not control whether they in fact do so, and in some jurisdictions such employee consent may not be enforceable. Any claim by an employee that his or her employer had not complied with applicable privacy laws in connection with the deployment and use of our software on the employee s mobile device could harm our reputation and business and subject us to liability, whether or not warranted. If our solutions fail to adequately separate personal information and to maintain the security of enterprise applications and data, the market perception of the effectiveness of our solutions could be harmed, employee adoption of mobile initiatives could be slowed, we could lose potential sales and existing customers, and we could incur significant liabilities. Privacy concerns, whether valid or not, may inhibit market adoption of our solutions, particularly in certain industries and foreign countries. Furthermore, the attention garnered by the National Security Agency s bulk intelligence collection programs may result in further concerns surrounding privacy and technology products.  

We may acquire other businesses which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results. 

As part of our business strategy, we may make investments in complementary companies, solutions or technologies. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete such acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals. In addition, if we are unsuccessful at integrating such acquisitions or developing the acquired technologies, the revenue and operating results of the combined company could be adversely affected. We have in the past and could in the future record impairment losses in connection with acquisitions. Further, the integration of an acquired company typically requires significant time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. We may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology or personnel or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges. We may have to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, each of which could adversely affect our financial condition or the value of our common stock. The sale of equity or issuance of debt to finance any such acquisitions could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. 

We have indemnity obligations under our contracts with our customers and channel partners, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The mobile industry has been characterized by substantial patent infringement lawsuits. In our agreements with customers and channel partners, we typically agree to indemnify them for losses related to, among other things, claims   

59 

Table of Contents   

by third parties of intellectual property infringement and sometimes data breaches resulting in the compromise of personal data. If any such indemnification obligations are triggered, we could face substantial liabilities or be forced to make changes to our solutions or terminate our customer agreements and refund monies. In addition, provisions regarding limitation of liability in our agreements with customers or channel partners may not be enforceable in some circumstances or jurisdictions or may not protect us from claims and related liabilities and costs. We maintain insurance to protect against certain types of claims associated with the use of our solutions, but our insurance may not adequately cover any such claims. In addition, even claims that ultimately are unsuccessful could result in expenditures of and divert management s time and other resources. Furthermore, any legal claims from customers and channel partners could result in reputational harm and the delay or loss of market acceptance of our solutions. 

A portion of our revenues are generated by sales to heavily regulated organizations and governmental entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 

Some of our customers are either in highly regulated industries or are governmental entities and may be required to comply with more stringent regulations in connection with the implementation and use of our solutions. Selling to these entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will successfully complete a sale or that the organization will deploy our solution at scale. Highly regulated and governmental entities often require contract terms that differ from our standard arrangements and impose compliance requirements that are complicated, require preferential pricing or  most favored nation  terms and conditions, or are otherwise time-consuming and expensive to satisfy. Government demand and payment for our solutions and services may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, particularly in light of U.S. budgetary challenges, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our solutions. The additional costs associated with providing our solutions to governmental entities and highly regulated customers could harm our margins. Moreover, changes in the underlying regulatory conditions that affect these types of customers could harm our ability to efficiently provide our solutions to them and to grow or maintain our customer base. 

If our solutions do not interoperate with our customers  IT infrastructure, sales of our solutions could be negatively affected. 

Our solutions need to interoperate with our customers  existing IT infrastructures, which have varied and complex specifications. As a result, we must attempt to ensure that our solutions interoperate effectively with these different, complex and varied back-end environments. To meet these requirements, we have and must continue to undertake development and testing efforts that require significant capital and employee resources. We may not accomplish these development efforts quickly or cost-effectively, or at all. If our solutions do not interoperate effectively, orders for our solutions could be delayed or cancelled, which would harm our revenues, gross margins and reputation, potentially resulting in the loss of existing and potential customers. The failure of our solutions to interoperate effectively within the enterprise environment may divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our development efforts and cause significant customer relations problems. In addition, if our customers are unable to implement our solutions successfully, they may not renew or expand their deployments of our solutions, customer perceptions of our solutions may be impaired and our reputation and brand may suffer.  

Although technical problems experienced by users may not be caused by our solutions, our business and reputation may be harmed if users perceive our solutions as the cause of a device failure. 

The ability of our solutions to operate effectively can be negatively impacted by many different elements unrelated to our solutions. For example, a user s experience may suffer from an incorrect setting in his or her mobile device, an issue relating to his or her employer s corporate network or an issue relating to the underlying mobile operating system, none of which we control. Even though technical problems experienced by users may not be caused by our solutions, users often perceive the underlying cause to be a result of poor performance of our solution. This perception, even if incorrect, could harm our business and reputation. 

60 

Table of Contents   

Our customers may exceed their licensed device or user count, and it is sometimes difficult to collect payments as a result of channel logistics, which could harm our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our customers license our solutions on either a per-device or per-user basis. Because we sell the vast majority of our solutions through channel partners, and in some cases multiple tiers of channel partners, the logistics of collecting payments for excess usage can sometimes be time-consuming. We may also encounter difficulty collecting accounts receivable and could be exposed to risks associated with uncollectible accounts receivable. Economic conditions may impact some of our customers  ability to pay their accounts payable. If we are unable to collect from our customers for their excess usage or otherwise or if we have to write down our accounts receivable, our revenues and operating results would suffer. 

If the market for our solutions shrinks or does not continue to develop as we expect, our growth prospects may be harmed  

The success of our business depends on the continued growth and proliferation of mobile IT infrastructure as an increasingly important computing platform for businesses. Our business plan assumes that the demand for mobile IT solutions and the deployment of business apps on mobile devices will increase. However, the mobile IT market may not develop as quickly as we expect, or at all, and businesses may not continue to elect to utilize mobile IT solutions as an advanced business platform. This market for our solutions may not develop for a variety of reasons, including that larger, more established companies will enter the market or that mobile operating system companies will offer substantially similar functionality or that companies may not deploy business apps at scale and thus may be satisfied with less advanced technologies. Accordingly, demand for our solutions may not continue to develop as we anticipate, or at all, and the growth of our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, because we derive substantially all of our revenue from the adoption and use of our platform, a decline or slowing growth in the mobile IT market would harm the results of our business operations more seriously than if we derived significant revenue from a variety of other products and services.  

Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, we cannot assure you our business will grow at similar rates, if at all. 

Growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates, which may not prove to be accurate. Forecasts relating to our market opportunity and the expected growth in the mobile IT market and other markets may prove to be inaccurate. Even if these markets experience the forecasted growth, we may not grow our business at similar rates, or at all. Our growth will be affected by many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. 

Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our revenue. 

We believe there are significant seasonal factors that may cause us to record higher revenue in some quarters compared with others. We believe this variability is largely due to our customers  budgetary and spending patterns, as many customers spend the unused portions of their discretionary budgets prior to the end of their fiscal years. For example, we have historically recorded our highest level of total revenue in our fourth quarter, which we believe corresponds to the fourth quarter of a majority of our customers. In addition, the type of budget (operating versus capital) available to a customer may affect its decision to purchase a perpetual license or a subscription license. In addition, our rapid growth rate in 2012 through 2014 may have made seasonal fluctuations more difficult to detect. As our rate of growth has slowed, seasonal or cyclical variations in our operations may become more pronounced, and our business, results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected. 

Prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns could materially adversely affect our business. 

Current or future economic downturns or uncertainty could adversely affect our business operations or financial results. Negative conditions in the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from financial and credit market fluctuations and terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, Asia Pacific or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in corporate spending on enterprise software in general and negatively affect the rate   

61 

Table of Contents   

of growth of our business. General worldwide economic conditions have experienced a significant downturn and continue to remain unstable. These conditions make it extremely difficult for our customers and us to forecast and plan future business activities accurately, and they could cause our customers to reevaluate their decision to purchase our products, which could delay and lengthen our sales cycles, or to deprioritize the portion of their IT budget focused on mobility. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry or geography. If the economic conditions of the general economy or industries in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business operations and financial results could be adversely affected. 

Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, floods and other natural catastrophic events, and to interruption by manmade problems such as network security breaches, computer viruses or terrorism. 

Our corporate headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or flood, occurring near our headquarters could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Despite the implementation of network security measures, our networks also may be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. In addition, natural disasters, acts of terrorism or war could cause disruptions in our or our customers  businesses or the economy as a whole. We also rely on information technology systems to communicate among our workforce and with third parties. Any disruption to our communications or systems, whether caused by a natural disaster or by manmade problems, such as power disruptions, could adversely affect our business. 

If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected. 

As a public company, we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) requires that we furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management s assessment needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified in our internal controls over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting until our first annual report required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, following the date we are no longer an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the JOBS Act. We currently continue to qualify as an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the JOBS Act, and our independent registered public accounting firm was not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2015. Implementation of internal controls over financial reporting can be time-consuming, costly and complicated. If we have a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, if we are unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 

If our estimates relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions or judgments that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results could fall below expectations of financial analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price. 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which   

62 

Table of Contents   

could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of financial analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, stock-based compensation and income taxes. 

Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets would result in a decrease in earnings. 

Current accounting rules require that goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no longer be amortized, but instead be tested for impairment at least annually. These rules also require that intangible assets with definite useful lives be amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, and reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Events and circumstances considered in determining whether the carrying value of amortizable intangible assets and goodwill may not be recoverable include, but are not limited to, significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic trends, or a significant decline in our stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. To the extent such evaluation indicates that the useful lives of intangible assets are different than originally estimated, the amortization period is reduced or extended and the quarterly amortization expense is increased or decreased. Any impairment charges or changes to the estimated amortization periods could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.    

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

We have been sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights and may be sued in the future.  

There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our success depends in part on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, our competitors or other third parties have claimed, and we expect they will continue in the future to claim, that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing such rights.  

For example, in December 2015, we and Good Technology announced the settlement of our three year mutual global patent litigation between us. The settlement included a narrow, non-material license agreement between us and Good Technology and a mutual dismissal of claims.    

In the future, we may receive additional claims that our solutions infringe or violate the claimant s intellectual property rights. However, we may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our solutions. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our solutions, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. If any of our customers are sued, we would in general be required to defend and/or settle the litigation on their behalf. In addition, if we are unable to obtain licenses or modify our solutions to make them non-infringing, we might have to refund a portion of perpetual license fees paid to us and terminate those agreements, which could further exhaust our resources. In addition, we may pay substantial settlement amounts or royalties on future solution sales to resolve claims or litigation, whether or not legitimately or successfully asserted against us. Even if we were to prevail in the actual or potential claims or litigation against us, any claim or litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Such disputes, with or without merit, could also cause potential customers to refrain from purchasing our solutions or otherwise cause us reputational harm.  

We have been sued by non-practicing entities, or NPEs, for patent infringement in the past and may be sued by NPEs in the future. While we have settled such litigation in the past, these lawsuits, with or without merit, require management attention and can be expensive. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed or we could be required to incur significant expenses to enforce our rights. 

Our ability to compete effectively is dependent in part upon our ability to protect our proprietary technology. We protect our proprietary information and technology through licensing agreements, third-party nondisclosure   

63 

Table of Contents   

agreements and other contractual provisions, as well as through patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in the United States and similar laws in other countries. There can be no assurance that these protections will be available in all cases or will be adequate to prevent our competitors from copying, reverse engineering or otherwise obtaining and using our technology, proprietary rights or solutions. The laws of some foreign countries, including countries in which our solutions are sold, may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. In addition, third parties may seek to challenge, invalidate or circumvent our patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, or applications for any of the foregoing. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology or design around our proprietary rights. In each case, our ability to compete could be significantly impaired.  

To prevent substantial unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, it may be necessary to prosecute actions for infringement and/or misappropriation of our proprietary rights against third parties. Any such action could result in significant costs and diversion of our resources and management s attention, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such action.  

Furthermore, many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights than we do. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property.  

Our use of open source software could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our solutions. 

Our solutions contain software modules licensed for use from third-party authors under open source licenses, including the GNU Public License, the GNU Lesser Public License, the Apache License and others. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Some open source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source software we use. If we combine our proprietary solutions with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain of the open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary solutions to the public or offer our solutions to users at no cost. This could allow our competitors to create similar solutions with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of sales for us.  

The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our solutions. In such event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our solutions, to re-engineer our solutions or to discontinue the sale of our solutions in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.  

Risks Related to Our International Operations 

Our international operations expose us to additional business risks, and failure to manage these risks may adversely affect our international revenue. 

We derive a significant portion of our revenues from customers outside the United States. For the year ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 50%, 45%, 44% and 51% of our revenue, respectively, was attributable to our international customers, primarily those located in EMEA. As of December 31, 2015, approximately 36% of our employees were located abroad. 

We expect that our international activities will be dynamic over the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue opportunities in international markets, which will require significant management attention and financial resources. Therefore, we are subject to risks associated with having worldwide operations.  

64 

Table of Contents   

We have a limited history of marketing, selling and supporting our solutions internationally. As a result, we must hire and train experienced personnel to staff and manage our foreign operations. To the extent that we experience difficulties in recruiting, training, managing and retaining an international staff, and specifically staff related to sales and engineering, we may experience difficulties in foreign markets. In addition, business practices in the international markets that we serve may differ from those in the United States and may require us to include non-standard terms in customer contracts, such as extended warranty terms. To the extent that we may enter into customer contracts in the future that include non-standard terms related to payment, warranties or performance obligations, our operating results may be adversely affected. International operations are subject to other inherent risks, and our future results could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including:  

difficulties in executing an international channel partners strategy;  

heightened concerns and legal requirements relating to data and privacy, as evidenced by the European Court of Justice s invalidation of the EU Safe Harbor framework in October 2015;  

burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws;  

unfavorable contractual terms or difficulties in negotiating contracts with foreign customers or channel partners as a result of varying and complex laws and contractual norms;  

difficulties in providing support and training to channel partners and customers in foreign countries and languages;  

heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results or result in fines and penalties;  

difficulties and costs of attracting and retaining employees and managing foreign operations  

import restrictions and the need to comply with export laws;  

difficulties in protecting intellectual property;  

difficulties in enforcing contracts and longer accounts receivable payment cycles;  

the effect of foreign exchange fluctuations on the competitiveness of our prices;  

potentially adverse tax consequences;  

the increased cost of terminating employees in some countries; and  

variability of foreign economic, political and labor conditions.  

As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and manage effectively these and other risks associated with our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and reduce our international sales, adversely affecting our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We rely on channel partners to sell our solutions in international markets, the loss of which could materially reduce our revenue. 

We sell our solutions in international markets almost entirely through channel partners. We believe that establishing and maintaining successful relationships with these channel partners is, and will continue to be, critical to our financial success. Recruiting and retaining qualified channel partners and training them to be knowledgeable about   

65 

Table of Contents   

our solutions requires significant time and resources. In some countries, we rely on a sole or very few channel partners and thus the loss of the channel partner could have a significant impact on our sales and support in those countries. To develop and expand our distribution channel, we must continue to scale and improve our processes and procedures that support our channel, including investment in systems and training. In particular, foreign-based service provider partners are large and complex businesses, and we may have difficulty negotiating and building successful business relationships with them. 

In addition, existing and future channel partners will only partner with us if we are able to provide them with competitive offerings on terms that are commercially reasonable to them. If we fail to maintain the quality of our solutions or to update and enhance them or to offer them at competitive discounts, existing and future channel partners may elect to partner with one or more of our competitors. In addition, the terms of our arrangements with our channel partners must be commercially reasonable for both parties. If we are unable to reach agreements that are beneficial to both parties, then our channel partner relationships will not succeed. In addition, international channel partners often rely on business models that favor our on premises product over our cloud product because in the former, the channel partner may host and manage the software for, and provide additional administrative, support, training and other services to, the mutual customer for additional fees. This situation could impede sales of our cloud product in certain international markets.  

If we fail to maintain relationships with our channel partners, fail to develop new relationships with other channel partners in new markets, fail to manage, train or incentivize existing channel partners effectively, or fail to provide channel partners with competitive solutions on terms acceptable to them, or if these partners are not successful in their sales efforts, our revenue may decrease and our operating results could suffer.  

We have no long-term contracts or minimum purchase commitments with any of our channel partners, and our contracts with channel partners do not prohibit them from offering solutions that compete with ours, including solutions they currently offer or may develop in the future and incorporate into their own systems. Some of our competitors may have stronger relationships with our channel partners than we do, and we have limited control, if any, as to whether those partners sell our solutions, rather than our competitors  solutions, or whether they devote resources to market and support our competitors  solutions, rather than our solutions. Our failure to establish and maintain successful relationships with channel partners could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws associated with our activities outside the United States could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

A significant portion of our revenues is and will continue to be from jurisdictions outside of the United States. As a result, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, which generally prohibits U.S. companies and their intermediaries from making payments to corrupt foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment, and requires companies to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately reflect the transactions of the company. The FCPA applies to companies, individual directors, officers, employees and agents. Under the FCPA, we may be held liable for actions taken by strategic or local partners or representatives. In addition, the government may seek to hold us liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies that we acquire. 

In many foreign countries, particularly in countries with developing economies, including many countries in which we operate, it may be a local custom that businesses operating in such countries engage in business practices that are prohibited by the FCPA or other similar laws and regulations. Although we have contractual provisions in our agreements with channel partners that require them to comply with the FCPA and similar laws, we have not engaged in formal FCPA training of our channel partners. Our channel partners could take actions in violation of our policies, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. Our development of infrastructure designed to identify FCPA matters and monitor compliance is at an early stage. If we or our intermediaries fail to comply with the requirements of the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws, governmental authorities in the U.S. or elsewhere could seek to impose civil and/or criminal penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows.  

66 

Table of Contents   

We are subject to export controls, and our customers and channel partners are subject to import controls. 

Certain of our solutions are subject to U.S. export controls and may be exported to certain countries outside the U.S. only by first obtaining an export license from the U.S. government, or by utilizing an existing export license exception, or after clearing U.S. government agency review. Obtaining the necessary export license or accomplishing a U.S. government review for a particular export may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain solutions to U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and persons. If we were to fail to comply with U.S. export law requirements, U.S. customs regulations, U.S. economic sanctions or other applicable U.S. laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines, incarceration for responsible employees and managers and the possible loss of export or import privileges. U.S. export controls, sanctions and regulations apply to our channel partners as well as to us. Any failure by our channel partners to comply with such laws, regulations or sanctions could have negative consequences, including reputational harm, government investigations and penalties.  

In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain encryption and other technology by requiring an import permit, authorization, pre-classification, import certification and/or an import license. Some countries have enacted laws that could limit our customers  ability to implement our solutions in those countries. 

Changes in our solutions or changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our solutions into international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our solutions globally or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our solutions to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. In addition, any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our solutions by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our solutions to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our solutions or limitation on our ability to export or sell our solutions would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 

In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an  ownership change  is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses, or NOLs, to offset future taxable income. Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs reflected on our balance sheet, even if we attain profitability. 

67 

Table of Contents   

The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be weak, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The trading price of our common stock has declined since our Initial Public Offering, and the shares are thinly traded. The trading price of our common stock depends on a number of factors, including those described in this  Risk Factors  section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance.     Since shares of our common stock were sold at our initial public offering, our stock price has ranged from as low as $2.58 to as high as $12.05 through September 30, 2016. Any fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock, because you might be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include the following: 

failure to meet quarterly guidance with regard to revenue, cash flow breakeven or other key metrics;  

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time;  

volatility in the market prices and trading volumes of high technology stocks;  

changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular;  

sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders;  

failure of financial analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;  

announcements by us or our competitors of new products or new or terminated significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments;  

the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC;  

rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry;  

actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our operating results;  

actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors  businesses or the competitive landscape generally;  

litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors;  

developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights;  

announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors;  

new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business;  

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles;  

any major change in our management;  

general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets; and  

other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism or responses to these events.  

68 

Table of Contents   

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of particular companies  securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. Litigation of this type has been instituted against us, and could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 

For example, on May 1, 2015, a purported stockholder class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers, captioned Panjwani v. MobileIron, Inc., et al. The action was purportedly brought on behalf of a putative class of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company s securities between February 13, 2015 and April 22, 2015. It asserted claims for violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.The complaint sought, among other things, compensatory damages and attorney s fees and costs on behalf of the putative class. An amended complaint was filed on September 28, 2015. On February 22, 2016, the District Court issued an order granting MobileIron s motion to dismiss the amended complaint and on March 15, 2016 the Court dismissed the case. MobileIron paid no money to the plaintiffs or their attorneys in connection with the dismissal of the action. 

On August 5, 2015, August 21, 2015 and August 24, 2015, purported stockholder class action lawsuits were filed in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County against the Company, certain of its officers, directors, underwriters and investors, captioned Schneider v. MobileIron, Inc., et al., Kerley v. MobileIron, Inc., et al. and Steinberg v. MobileIron, Inc., et al, which were subsequently consolidated under the case caption In re MobileIron Shareholder Litigation. The actions are purportedly brought on behalf of a putative class of all persons who purchased the Company s securities issued pursuant or traceable to the Company s registration statement and the June 12, 2014 initial public offering. The lawsuits assert claims for violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933. The complaint seeks among other things, compensatory damages and attorney s fees and costs on behalf of the putative class. On April 12, 2016, Plaintiffs filed a corrected consolidated complaint, which no longer names the underwriters or investors as defendants. On August 8, 2016 the Company filed a demurrer to the corrected consolidated complaint.  The court overruled the demurrer on October 4, 2016.  The Company intends to defend this litigation vigorously. 

If financial or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock price, our stock price would likely decline. Financial analysts have in the past ceased coverage of our stock or published adverse reports, and this may recur in the future. Any cessation of coverage or adverse reports would likely cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.  

Insiders continue to have substantial control over our company, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. 

Our directors, executive officers and each of our stockholders who own greater than 5% of our outstanding common stock and their affiliates, in the aggregate, own approximately 44%     of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of September 30, 2016. As a result, these stockholders, if acting together, will be able to influence or control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers, acquisitions or other extraordinary transactions. They may also have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. 

69 

Table of Contents   

We have in the past failed, and may in the future fail, to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future operating results, which has in the past caused, and would in the future cause, our stock price to decline. 

We have provided and may continue to provide guidance about our business and future operating results as part of our press releases, conference calls or otherwise. In developing this guidance, our management must make certain assumptions and judgments about our future performance. Our business results may vary significantly from such guidance due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and which could adversely affect our operations and operating results. Furthermore, if our publicly announced guidance of future operating results fails to meet expectations of securities analysts, investors or other interested parties, the price of our common stock would decline.  

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 

As a public company, we are or will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Stock Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations may further increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results.  

Being a public company has made it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These and other factors, including the decline in our stock price and the other risks described in this  Risk Factors  section, could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee. 

We are an  Emerging Growth Company,  and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to Emerging Growth Companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the JOBS Act enacted in April 2012, and, for as long as we continue to be an  emerging growth company,  we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies, but not to  emerging growth companies,  including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an  emerging growth company  until the earliest to occur of (i) the last day of the year in which we have more than $1.0 billion in annual revenue; (ii) the date we qualify as a  large accelerated filer,  with at least $700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; (iii) the date on which we have issued, in any three-year period, more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; and (iv) the last day of the year ending after the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. For the year ended December 31, 2015, we continued to qualify as an  emerging growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act.  

Our future capital needs are uncertain, and we may need to raise additional funds in the future. If we require additional funds in the future, those funds may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. 

We may need to raise substantial additional capital in the future to: 

fund our operations;  

70 

Table of Contents   

continue our research and development;  

develop and commercialize new solutions; or  

acquire companies, in-licensed solutions or intellectual property.  

Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

market acceptance of our solutions;  

the cost of our research and development activities;  

the cost of defending and resolving litigation or other legal disputes;   

the cost and timing of establishing additional sales, marketing and distribution capabilities;  

the cost and timing of establishing additional technical support capabilities;  

the effect of competing technological and market developments; and  

the market for different types of funding and overall economic conditions.  

We may require additional funds in the future, and we may not be able to obtain those funds on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. Any debt or additional equity financing that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders.  

If we do not have, or are not able to obtain, sufficient funds, we may have to delay development or commercialization of our solutions. If we are unable to raise adequate funds, we may have to liquidate some or all of our assets, or delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate some or all of our development programs. We also may have to reduce marketing, customer support or other resources devoted to our solutions or cease operations. Any of these actions could harm our operating results.  

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that these sales might occur, could reduce the price that our common stock might otherwise attain and may dilute your voting power and your ownership interest in us. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and may make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. Based on the total number of outstanding shares of our common stock as of September 30, 2016, we have   87,829,110   shares of common stock outstanding, excluding any potential exercises of our outstanding stock options and vesting of RSUs. 

In the future, we may issue additional shares of common stock, or securities with convertible features into our common stock, from time to time in connection with our employee equity plans, financings, acquisitions and investments or otherwise.  

In the fourth quarter of 2014 we began issuing restricted stock units, or RSUs, to employees, the majority of which vest quarterly over four years, and on February 22, 2016 our Compensation Committee approved the issuance of 1,653,371 shares of common stock under our 2015 Non-Executive Bonus Plan. No shares were issued under our 2015 Executive Bonus Plan. The issuance of shares of common stock under RSU or future bonus programs could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.  

71 

Table of Contents   

Certain provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our board of directors or current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following: 

our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors;  

our stockholders may not act by written consent or call special stockholders  meetings; as a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain actions other than at annual stockholders  meetings or special stockholders  meetings called by the board of directors, the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or the president;  

our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates;  

stockholders must provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders  meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company; and  

our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock; the ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us.  

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of our company.  

Our executive officers are entitled to accelerated vesting of their stock options pursuant to the terms of their employment arrangements under certain conditions following a change of control of the Company. In addition to the arrangements currently in place with some of our executive officers, we may enter into similar arrangements in the future with other officers. Such arrangements could delay or discourage a potential acquisition of the Company.  

Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles applicable to us. 

Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), the SEC, and other various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. For example, in May 2014, the FASB issued accounting standards update No. 2014-09 (Topic 606), Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. We will be   required   to implement this guidance in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2018. We have not yet determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting. Implementation of this new standard could have a significant effect on our financial results, and any difficulties in implementing these pronouncements could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations, which could result in regulatory discipline and harm investors  confidence in us. 

72 

Table of Contents   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not repurchase any of the shares subject to repurchase. 

The majority of restricted stock units are subject to vesting. The underlying shares of common stock are issued when the restricted stock units vest. The majority of participants choose to participate in automatic sales program to satisfy their applicable tax withholding requirements. We do not treat the shares sold pursuant to this automatic sales program as common stock repurchases (see   Note 10   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Through of September 30, 2016, we have used proceeds from our IPO to fund our operations, including hiring employees in all major functional areas. We maintain the remaining cash received from our IPO in cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments. As of September 30, 2016, no portion of the proceeds from our IPO have been paid by us directly or indirectly to any of our directors or officers (or their associates) or persons owning ten percent or more of any class of our equity securities or to any other affiliates, other than payments in the ordinary course of business to officers for salaries and bonuses, and payments to our directors for service on our Board of Directors or on committees of our Board of Directors. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information   

On October 25, 2016, Gaurav Garg, a member of our Board of Directors and Audit Committee, resigned from the Board, and Kenneth Klein, a current director of the Company, was appointed to the Audit Committee.   Mr. Garg s decision to resign was not the result of any disagreement with the Company.  

Item 6. Exhibits   

The exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference (as stated therein) as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

73 

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MOBILEIRON, INC.  

By:  

/s/ Barry Mainz  

Barry Mainz  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

By:  

/s/ Simon Biddiscombe  

Simon Biddiscombe  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer)  

Dated: October 28, 2016 

74 

Table of Contents   

EXHIBIT INDEX   

75 

Table of Contents   

EX 101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

EX 101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

EX 101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  

EX 101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  

EX 101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  

EX 101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  

(1) 

Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement.     

(2) 

The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed  filed  by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.     

76 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 mobl-20160930ex101623782.htm
 EX-10.1

Exhibit_101_CFO_comp

Exhibit 10.1 

October 25, 2016 

Simon Biddiscombe 

Re:  Amendment to Employment Offer Letter and Severance Benefit Plan Participation Notice between MobileIron, Inc. and Simon Biddiscombe, dated October 25, 2016 

Dear Simon,  

This letter serves to confirm that:  

1. 

Section 6(c) (Commuting Expenses) of your offer letter dated April 30, 2015 (the  Offer Letter ) shall be and hereby is amended to include the following sentence at the end of the section:   MobileIron will cover taxes associated with commute travel and lodging.      

2. 

The definition of  Constructive Termination  for the purpose of your Severance Benefit Plan Participation Notice dated May 10, 2016, as amended (the  Participation Notice ) shall be and hereby is amended to include the following additional subsection (iv) as an additional event or action that will constitute grounds for a  Constructive Termination  (subject to the other provisions of the definition of  Constructive Termination ):       

(iv)   a material reduction of Participant s duties, authority or responsibilities relative to Participant s duties, authority or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such reduction, provided that such a  reduction  will not be deemed to occur if Participant s duties, title, authority, and responsibilities with respect to the successor subsidiary or division of the parent entity following a Change in Control are substantially similar to Participant s duties, title, authority and responsibilities with respect to the business of the Company immediately prior to the Change in Control.  

As amended hereby, the Offer Letter and Participation Notice shall continue with full force and effect.   

Sincerely, 

/s/ Laurel Finch 

Laurel Finch  

VP, General Counsel 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

/s/ Simon Biddiscombe  

Simon Biddiscombe 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 mobl-20160930ex31183a25a.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit_311

Exhibit 31.1 

I, Barry Mainz, certify that:  

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of MobileIron, Inc.;  

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 28, 2016  

/s/ Barry Mainz  

Barry Mainz  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 mobl-20160930ex31272286d.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit_312

Exhibit 31.2 

I, Simon Biddiscombe, certify that:  

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of MobileIron, Inc.;  

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date October 28, 2016  

/s/ Simon Biddiscombe  

Simon Biddiscombe  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 mobl-20160930ex321cc9344.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit_321

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION  

Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), Barry Mainz, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of MobileIron, Inc. (the  Company ), and Simon Biddiscombe, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his or her knowledge:  

1.    The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and  

2.    The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Dated: October 28, 2016  

I  N    W  ITNESS    W  HEREOF  , the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 28th day of October, 2016.   

Imon   

/s/ Barry Mainz  

/s/ Simon Biddiscombe  

Barry Mainz  

Simon Biddiscombe  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of MobileIron, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mobl-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mobl-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mobl-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mobl-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mobl-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mobl-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

