<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161208_10-Q_edgar_data_1428336_0001428336-16-000065_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4290056</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138382</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>218898</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1505781</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1636961</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>695709</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001428336-16-000065.hdr.sgml : 20161208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161208161552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001428336-16-000065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEALTHEQUITY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001428336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36568
		FILM NUMBER:		162041575

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 WEST SCENIC POINTE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			DRAPER
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-727-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 WEST SCENIC POINTE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			DRAPER
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001428336-16-000065.txt : 20161208

10-Q
 1
 hqy-2016x10x3110q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

For the quarterly period ended   October 31, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from             to             
  Commission File Number: 001-36568 

HEALTHEQUITY, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                       Delaware 
      
    7389 
      
    52-2383166 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (Primary Standard Industrial 
  Classification Code Number) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

15 West Scenic Pointe Drive 
  Suite 100 
  Draper, Utah 84020 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
    
  (801) 727-1000 
  (Registrant's telephone Number, including Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted to its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
      
      Non-accelerated filer 
        (Do not  check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes       No     
    
  As of   November 30, 2016  , there were   59,367,940   shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Form 10-Q quarterly report 
    
  Table of contents 

Page 
      Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
      Item 1.  
     Financial statements  

Condensed consolidated balance sheets as of October 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016 (unaudited)  
    3 
        
     Condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    4 
        
     Condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    5 
        
     Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited)  
    6 
      Item 2.  
     Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  
    15 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk  
    29 
      Item 4.  
     Controls and procedures  
    30 
      Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 
      
      Item 1.  
     Legal proceedings  
    31 
      Item 1A.  
     Risk factors  
    31 
      Item 2.  
     Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds  
    32 
      Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    32 
        
     Signatures  
    33 
        
     Exhibit index  
    34 

-  2  - 

Part I. Financial information  
  Item 1. Financial statements 
    
  HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Condensed consolidated balance sheets (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -  3  - 

HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Condensed consolidated statements of operations and 
  comprehensive income (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -  4  - 

HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited)      

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -  5  - 

Table of Contents  
    
  HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
    
  Note 1.   Summary of business and significant accounting policies    

HealthEquity, Inc. was incorporated in the state of Delaware on September 18, 2002. The Company offers a full range of innovative solutions for managing health care accounts (Health Savings Accounts, Health Reimbursement Arrangements, and Flexible Spending Accounts) for health plans, insurance companies, and third-party administrators. 
  Principles of consolidation   The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of HealthEquity, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, HealthEquity Trust Company, HEQ Insurance Services, Inc., and HealthEquity Advisors, LLC (collectively referred to as the "Company").  
  During the year ended January 31, 2015, the Company and an unrelated company formed a limited partnership for investment in and the management of early stage companies in the healthcare industry. The Company has a   22%   ownership interest in such partnership accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The investment was approximately   $281,000   as of   October 31, 2016   and is included in other assets on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet.  
  During the year ended   January 31, 2016  , the Company purchased an approximate   2%   ownership interest in a limited partnership that engages in the development of technology-based financial healthcare products. The Company determined there was no significant influence and therefore the investment was accounted for using the cost method of accounting. The investment was   $500,000   as of   October 31, 2016   and is included in other assets on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
  All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
  Basis of presentation   The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements as of   October 31, 2016   and for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015   are unaudited and have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") regarding interim financial reporting. In the opinion of management, the interim data includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Therefore, these condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   January 31, 2016  .  The fiscal year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP.  
  As of   January 31, 2016  , the Company has revised the names of certain financial statement line items to more accurately describe the Company's operations. Amounts previously referred to as account fee revenue are now referred to as service revenue. Amounts previously referred to as custodial fee revenue are now referred to as custodial revenue. Amounts previously referred to as card fee revenue are now referred to as interchange revenue. Amounts previously referred to as account costs are now referred to as service costs. Amounts previously referred to as card costs are now referred to as interchange costs. Amounts previously referred to as other revenue are now included in the service revenue financial statement line item. Amounts previously referred to as other costs are now included in the service costs financial statement line item. 
  The Company has reclassified certain financial statement line items to conform with the newly revised financial statement line items.  
  Other expense   During the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  , the Company incurred   $595,000   of acquisition-related expenses. These expenses are included in other expense, net on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.  
  During the three months ended   October 31, 2016  , the Company incurred   $237,000   of expenses related to a secondary offering in which existing stockholders of the Company offered and sold   2,500,000   shares of common stock in an underwritten offering. These expenses are included in other expense, net on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.  
  
   -  6  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
    
  Note 1.   Summary of business and significant accounting policies (continued)    

Recent accounting pronouncements   On May 28, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. This ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in GAAP when it becomes effective. In July 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date to fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption beginning for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 31, 2016. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , which clarifies the guidance in determining revenue recognition as principal versus agent. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  , which provides guidance in accounting for immaterial performance obligations and shipping and handling. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,   which provides clarification on assessing the collectability criterion, presentation of sales taxes, measurement date for noncash consideration and completed contracts at transition. The foregoing amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and for interim reporting periods within such annual periods.The Company has not yet selected a transition method and is evaluating the effect that these recent pronouncements will have on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  , which simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that such costs be presented as a deduction from the corresponding debt liability. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15, Interest - Imputed Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements, which clarifies that entities may continue to defer and present debt issuance costs associated with a line-of-credit as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred costs ratably over the term of the arrangement. This ASU is effective for financial statements issued for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within the reporting periods and requires retrospective presentation; earlier adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this ASU with no impact on the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements as no amounts had been drawn under the Credit Agreement (See Note 7).  
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  , which simplifies balance sheet classifications of deferred taxes by requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Effective April 30, 2016, the Company early adopted ASU No. 2015-17 on a prospective basis, which resulted in the reclassification of the Company's current deferred tax asset between both non-current deferred tax asset and non-current deferred tax liability on its consolidated balance sheet. No prior periods were retrospectively adjusted.  
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities  . The amendments in this ASU revise an entity's accounting related to the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. This ASU also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. The Company is currently evaluating the timing of adoption and the potential effect of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases   (ASC 842), which sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure for both parties to a contract (i.e. lessees and lessors). ASC 842 supersedes the previous leases standard, ASC 840 leases. This ASU is effective for financial statements issued for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and requires a modified retrospective transition, and provides for certain practical expedients; early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the timing of adoption and the potential impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which amends ASC Topic 718,   Compensation - Stock Compensation  . This ASU simplifies several  
  
   -  7  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
    
  Note 1.   Summary of business and significant accounting policies (continued)    

aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including; the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period, with adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the timing of adoption and the potential effect of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2016, The FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments,   which requires financial assets measured at amortized cost be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the timing of adoption and the potential effect of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.  
  In August 2016, The FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows   (Topic 230), which provides guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the timing of adoption and the potential effect of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In October 2016, The FASB issued ASU 2016-16,   Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  , which updates the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim period within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the timing of adoption and the potential effect of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.  

Note 2.   Net income per share 
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share:  

For the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , approximately   702,000   and   817,000   shares, respectively, attributable to stock options were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
  For the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , approximately   1.9 million   and   726,000   shares, respectively, attributable to stock options were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
  
   -  8  - 

Table of Contents  
    
  HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
    
  Note 3.   Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of   October 31, 2016   consisted of the following:  

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of   January 31, 2016   consisted of the following: 

The following table summarizes the cost basis and fair value of the marketable securities by contractual maturity as of   October 31, 2016  : 

As of   October 31, 2016  , marketable securities with an unrealized loss position for more than twelve consecutive months were as follows:  
                                       
    Less than one year 

Greater than one year 
      
      (in thousands) 
    Fair value 

Unrealized losses 

Fair value 

Unrealized losses 
      
      Mutual funds 

15,081 

(198 
    ) 

-  9  - 

Table of Contents  
    
  HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
    
  Note 4.   Property and equipment    

Property and equipment consisted of the following as of   October 31, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  : 

Depreciation expense for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   was   $523,000   and   $1.4 million  , respectively, and   $389,000   and   $1.1 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  , respectively.  
   
  Note 5.   Intangible assets and goodwill 
  During the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  , the Company capitalized software development costs of   $2.0 million   and   $5.7 million  , respectively, and   $1.5 million   and   $4.0 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  , respectively, related to significant enhancements and upgrades to its proprietary system. 
  The gross carrying amount and associated accumulated amortization of intangible assets were as follows as of   October 31, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  : 

During the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  , the Company incurred and expensed a total of   $2.6 million   and   $6.9 million  , respectively, and   $2.0 million   and   $5.4 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  , respectively, in software development costs primarily related to the post-implementation and operation stages of its proprietary software.  
  Amortization expense for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   was   $2.9 million   and   $8.1 million  , respectively, and   $1.7 million   and   $4.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  There were   no   changes to the goodwill carrying value during the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  . 

Note 6.   Commitments and contingencies    
  The Company s principal commitments and contingencies consist of a processing services agreement with a vendor, and obligations for office space, data storage facilities, equipment and certain maintenance agreements under long-term, non-cancelable operating leases. These commitments as of   January 31, 2016   are disclosed in the Company s consolidated financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   January 31, 2016  , and did not change materially during the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  , except for the following:  
  On September 16, 2016, the Company entered into an amendment to its lease agreement, dated May 15, 2015, by and between the Company and its landlord to expand its current office space. The term of the lease commenced on  
  
   -  10  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
    
  Note 6.   Commitments and contingencies (continued) 

July 1, 2016 and will expire on March 31, 2027. The Company will be responsible for payment of taxes and operating expenses for its portion of the building, in addition to an annual base rent in the initial amount of approximately   $569,000  , with   2.5%   annual increases.  
  Lease expense for office space for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   was   $1.1 million   and   $2.3 million  , respectively, and   $556,000   and   $1.6 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  , respectively. Expense for other lease agreements for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   was   $93,000   and   $237,000  , respectively, and   $66,000   and   $182,000   for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  , respectively. 

Note 7.   Indebtedness 
    
  On September 30, 2015, the Company entered into a new credit facility (the "Credit Agreement"). The Credit Agreement provides for a secured revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of   $100.0 million   for a term of   five years  . The proceeds of borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes.   No   amounts have been drawn under the Credit Agreement as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest equal to, at the Company's option, a) an adjusted LIBOR rate or b) a customary base rate, in each case with an applicable spread to be determined based on the Company's leverage ratio as of the most recent fiscal quarter. The applicable spread for borrowing under the Credit Agreement ranges from   1.50%   to   2.00%   with respect to adjusted LIBOR rate borrowings and   0.50%   to   1.00%   with respect to customary base rate borrowings. Additionally, the Company pays a commitment fee ranging from   0.20%   to   0.30%   on the daily amount of the unused commitments under the Credit Agreement payable in arrears at the end of each fiscal quarter. 
  The Company's material subsidiaries are required to guarantee the obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement. The obligations of the Company and the guarantors under the Credit Agreement and the guarantees are secured by substantially all assets of the Company and the guarantors, subject to customary exclusions and exceptions. 
  The Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain a total leverage ratio of not more than   3.00   to   1.00   as of the end of each fiscal quarter and a minimum interest coverage ratio of at least   3.00   to   1.00   as of the end of each fiscal quarter. In addition, the Credit Agreement includes customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default. The restrictive covenants include customary restrictions on the Company's ability to incur additional indebtedness; make investments, loans or advances; grant or incur liens on assets; engage in mergers, consolidations, liquidations or dissolutions; engage in transactions with affiliates; and make dividend payments. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  In connection with the Credit Agreement, the Company incurred   $317,000   in financing costs, which are deferred and are being amortized using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method, over the life of the agreement.  

Note 8.   Income taxes 
    
  The Company follows FASB Accounting Standards Codification 740-270,   Income Taxes - Interim Reporting  , for the computation and presentation of its interim period tax provision. Accordingly, management estimated the effective annual tax rate and applied this rate to the year-to-date pre-tax book income to determine the interim provision for income taxes. For the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  , the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of   $2.8 million   and   $11.8 million  , respectively. The resulting effective tax rate was   31.6%   and   34.6%  , compared with an effective tax rate of   36.4%   and   36.6%   for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  . For the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  , the net impact of discrete tax items caused a   4.6%   and   1.2%   decrease to the effective tax rate primarily due to the recognition of research and development tax credits. For the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  , the net impact of discrete tax items was not material. The decrease in the effective tax rate from the same period last year is primarily due to recognition of a benefit for the federal  
  
   -  11  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
    
  Note 8.   Income taxes (continued) 

research and development credit. In the same period last year, the federal research and development credit had expired and was renewed in the three months ended   January 31, 2016  .  
  The Company s current income taxes payable has been reduced by tax benefits from employee and director stock option plan awards. The Company receives an income tax benefit calculated as the tax effect of the difference between the fair market value of the stock issued at the time of exercise and the exercise price. The Company recorded a benefit of   $16.1 million   during the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   for tax benefits related to stock option exercises that are expected to reduce cash taxes payable during the current fiscal year. Of this amount,   $915,000   was related to excess stock option benefits previously limited under FASB ASC 718-740-25-10,   Compensation-Stock Compensation  , during the year ended   January 31, 2016  . As of   October 31, 2016  , deferred tax assets attributable to excess stock option benefits totaled   $6.7 million  . Such benefit will not be recorded until the deduction reduces cash taxes payable.  
  As of   October 31, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  , the Company s total gross unrecognized tax benefit was   $601,000   and   $393,000  , respectively. As a result of Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-11, certain unrecognized tax benefits have been netted against their related deferred tax assets; therefore, no unrecognized tax benefit has been recorded as of   October 31, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  . If recognized,   $507,000   of the total gross unrecognized tax benefits would affect the Company's effective tax rate as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  The Company files income tax returns with U.S. federal and state taxing jurisdictions and is not currently under examination with any jurisdiction. The Company remains subject to examination by federal and various state taxing jurisdictions for tax years after 2005. 

Note 9.   Stock-based compensation 
    
  The following table shows a summary of stock-based compensation in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income during the periods presented: 

-  12  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
    
  Note 9.   Stock-based compensation (continued) 

Stock options 
  Stock option activity under the Company's equity incentive plans is as follows: 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the difference between the estimated fair value of common stock and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money stock options. 
  The key input assumptions that were utilized in the valuation of the stock options granted during the periods presented: 

The determination of the fair value of stock options on the date of grant using an option pricing model is affected by the Company's stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. Expected volatility is determined using weighted average volatility of publicly traded peer companies. The Company expects that it will begin using its own historical volatility in addition to the volatility of publicly traded peer companies, as its share price history grows over time. The risk-free interest rate is determined by using published zero coupon rates on treasury notes for each grant date given the expected term on the options. The dividend yield of zero is based on the fact that the Company expects to invest cash in operations. The Company uses the "simplified" method to estimate expected term as determined under Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110 due to the lack of sufficient option exercise history as a public company.  
  As of   October 31, 2016  , the weighted-average vesting period of non-vested awards expected to vest is approximately   2.3 years  ; the amount of compensation expense the Company expects to recognize for stock options vesting in future periods is approximately   $14.2 million  . 
  Restricted stock units 
  Pursuant to the amended and restated director compensation policy, each non-employee director may elect to receive restricted stock units (with quarterly vesting) in lieu of a cash retainer. The number of restricted stock units is determined by dividing the value of the cash retainer by the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. In addition, each non-employee director may elect to receive his or her equity awards in the form of restricted stock units or stock options. Restricted stock units are valued based on the current value of the Company's closing stock  
  
   -  13  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
  Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
    
  Note 9.   Stock-based compensation (continued) 

price on the date of grant less the present value of future expected dividends discounted at the risk-free interest rate. Pursuant to the amended and restated director compensation policy, during the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   the Company granted   11,003   restricted stock units with a weighted average grant date fair value per share of   $27.19  . During the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  ,   5,372   restricted stock units vested with a total grant date fair value of   $137,000  . 

Note 10.   Fair value 
    
  Fair value measurements are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Accounting standards specify a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company s market assumptions. These two types of inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy: 

Level 1 quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
                
    Level 2 inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; 
                
    Level 3 unobservable inputs based on the Company s own assumptions. 
       
  Level 1 instruments are valued based on publicly available daily net asset values. Level 1 instruments consist primarily of highly liquid mutual funds. 
    
  The following tables summarize the assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the level within the fair value hierarchy reflecting the valuation techniques utilized to determine fair value: 

-  14  - 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
    
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to,  anticipate,   believe,   can,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   plan,   project,   seek,   should,   target,   will,   would  and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning market opportunity, our future financial and operating results, investment strategy, sales and marketing strategy, management s plans, beliefs and objectives for future operations, technology and development, economic and industry trends or trend analysis, expectations about seasonality, opportunity for portfolio purchases and other acquisitions, use of non-GAAP financial measures, operating expenses, anticipated income tax rates, capital expenditures, cash flows and liquidity. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to us. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled  Risk factors  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016 and in our other reports filed with the SEC. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such events. 

Overview 
  We are a leader and an innovator in the high-growth category of technology-enabled services platforms that empower consumers to make healthcare saving and spending decisions. Our platform provides an ecosystem where consumers can access their tax-advantaged healthcare savings, compare treatment options and pricing, evaluate and pay healthcare bills, receive personalized benefit and clinical information, earn wellness incentives, and make educated investment choices to grow their tax-advantaged healthcare savings. 
  The core of our ecosystem is the health savings account, or HSA, a financial account through which consumers spend and save long-term for healthcare on a tax-advantaged basis. We refer to HSAs for which we serve as custodian as our HSA Members. We are the integrated HSA platform for 25 of the 50 largest health plans in the country, a number of which are among 31 Blue Cross and Blue Shield health plans in 29 states, and over 33,000 employer clients. Our customers include individuals, employers of all sizes and health plans. We refer to our individual customers as our members, all of our health plan customers as our Health Plan Partners and our employer customers with more than 1,000 employees as our Employer Partners. Our Health Plan Partners and Employer Partners collectively constitute our Network Partners. Through our Network Partners, we have the potential to reach over 72 million consumers, representing approximately 39% of the under-age 65 privately insured population in the United States. 
  Since our inception in 2002, we have been committed to developing technology solutions that empower healthcare consumers. In 2003, we began offering live 24/7/365 consumer support from health saving and spending experts. In 2005, we integrated HSAs with our first Health Plan Partner, and in 2006, we were authorized to act as an HSA custodian by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. In 2009, we integrated HSAs with multiple health plans of a single large employer, began delivering integrated wellness incentives through an HSA, and partnered with a private health insurance exchange as its preferred HSA partner. In 2011, we integrated HSAs, reimbursement arrangements, or RAs, and investment accounts on one website, and in 2013, our registered investment advisor subsidiary began delivering HSA-specific investment advice online. 
  We generate revenue primarily from three sources: service revenue (previously referred to as account fees), custodial revenue (previously referred to as custodial fees) and interchange revenue (previously referred to as card fees). We generate service revenue by providing monthly account services on our platform, primarily through multi- 
  
   -  15  - 

     Table of Contents  

year contracts with our Network Partners that are typically three to five years in duration. We generate custodial revenue from interest we earn on cash assets under management, or AUM, deposited with our FDIC-insured custodial depository bank partners and with our insurance company partner, and recordkeeping fees we earn from mutual funds in which our members invest on a self-directed basis. We also generate interchange revenue from interchange fees that we earn on payments that our members make using our physical and virtual payment cards. 

Key factors affecting our performance 
  We believe that our performance and future success are driven by a number of factors, including those identified below. Each of these factors presents both significant opportunities and significant risks to our future performance. See the section entitled  Risk factors  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016.   
  Structural change in U.S. private health insurance 
  Substantially all of our revenue is derived from healthcare-related saving and spending by consumers in the United States, which is impacted by changes affecting the broader healthcare industry in the U.S. The healthcare industry has changed significantly in recent years, and we expect that significant changes will continue to occur that will result in increased participation in high deductible health plans that are eligible to be coupled with HSAs, or HSA Plans, and other consumer-centric health plans. In particular, we believe that the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, or related healthcare regulation, over the remainder of this decade, continued growth in healthcare costs, and related factors will spur HSA Plan and HSA growth; however, the timing and impact of these and other developments in the healthcare industry are difficult to predict. 
  Attracting and penetrating network partners 
  We created our business model to take advantage of the changing dynamics of the U.S. private health insurance market. Our model is based on a business-to-business-to-consumer distribution strategy, meaning that we rely on our Network Partners to reach potential members to increase the number of our HSA Members. Our success depends in large part on our ability to further penetrate our existing Network Partners by adding new HSA Members from these partners and adding new Network Partners. 
  Our innovative technology platform 
  We believe that innovations incorporated in our technology that enable consumers to make healthcare saving and spending decisions differentiate us from our competitors and drive our growth in revenue, HSA Members, Network Partners and AUM. Similarly, these innovations underpin our ability to provide a differentiated consumer experience in a cost-effective manner. For example, we are currently undertaking a significant update of our proprietary platform s architecture, which will allow us to improve our transaction processing capabilities and related platform infrastructure to support continued account and transaction growth. We intend to continue to invest in our technology development to enhance our platform s capabilities and infrastructure. 
  Our  DEEP Purple  culture 
  The new healthcare consumer needs education and advice delivered by people as well as technology. We believe that our "DEEP Purple" culture which we define as driving excellence, ethics, and process while providing remarkable service, is a significant factor in our ability to attract and retain customers and to nimbly address opportunities in the rapidly changing healthcare sector. We make significant efforts to promote and foster DEEP Purple within our workforce. We invest in and intend to continue to invest in human capital through technology-enabled training, career development and advancement opportunities.  
  
   -  16  - 

     Table of Contents  

Interest rates 
  As a non-bank custodian, we contract with FDIC-insured custodial depository bank partners and an insurance company partner to hold cash AUM on behalf of our members, and we generate a significant portion of our total revenue from interest we receive based on interest rates offered to us by these partners.  The contract terms range from three to five years and have either fixed or variable interest rates.  As our AUM increases and existing agreements expire, we seek to enter into new contracts with FDIC-insured custodial depositary bank partners, the terms of which are impacted by the then-prevailing interest rate environment.  The diversification of deposits among bank partners and varied contract terms substantially reduce our exposure to short-term fluctuations in prevailing interest rates and mitigate the short-term impact of a sustained increase or decline in prevailing interest rates to our custodial revenue.  A sustained decline in prevailing interest rates may negatively affect our business by reducing the size of the interest rate yield, or yield, available to us and thus the size of the custodial revenue we can realize.  Conversely, a sustained increase in prevailing interest rates would present us with an opportunity to increase our yield.  An increase in our yield would increase our custodial revenue as a percentage of total revenue.  In addition, as our yield increases, we expect the spread to grow between the interest offered to us by our custodial depository bank partners and the interest we offer our members, thus increasing our profitability.  Changes in prevailing interest rates are driven by macroeconomic trends and government policies over which we have no control. 
  Our competition and industry 
  Our direct competitors are HSA custodians. These are primarily state or federally chartered banks and other financial institutions for which we believe technology-based healthcare services are not a core business. Certain of our direct competitors have chosen to exit the market despite increased demand for these services. This has created, and we believe will continue to create, opportunities for us to leverage our technology platform and capabilities to increase our market share. However, some of our direct competitors are in a position, should they choose, to devote more resources to the development, sale and support of their products and services than we have at our disposal. In addition, numerous indirect competitors, including benefits administration technology and service providers, partner with banks and other HSA custodians to compete with us. For example, our newly formed subsidiary, HealthEquity Trust Company, is regulated by the Wyoming Division of Banking. Our Health Plan Partners may also choose to offer technology-based healthcare services directly, as some health plans have done. Our success depends on our ability to predict and react quickly to these and other industry and competitive dynamics. 
  Regulatory environment 
  Federal law and regulations, including the Affordable Care Act, the Internal Revenue Code and IRS regulations, the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and Department of Labor regulations, and public health regulations that govern the provision of health insurance, play a pivotal role in determining our market opportunity. Privacy and data security-related laws such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, laws governing the provision of investment advice to consumers, such as the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or the Advisers Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, anti-money laundry laws, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, all play a similar role in determining our competitive landscape. In addition, state-level regulations also have significant implications for our business in some cases. Our ability to predict and react quickly to relevant legal and regulatory trends and to correctly interpret their market and competitive implications is important to our success. 
  Our acquisition strategy 
  We have a successful history of acquiring complementary assets and businesses that strengthen our platform. We seek to continue this growth strategy and are regularly engaged in evaluating different opportunities. We have developed an internal capability to source, evaluate and integrate acquisitions that have created value for shareholders. We believe the nature of our competitive landscape provides a significant acquisition opportunity. Many of our competitors view their HSA businesses as non-core functions. We believe they will look to divest these assets and, in certain cases, be limited from making acquisitions due to depository capital requirements. We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of complementary assets and businesses that we believe will strengthen our platform.  
   
  Key financial and operating metrics 
  Our management regularly reviews a number of key operating and financial metrics to evaluate our business, determine the allocation of our resources, make decisions regarding corporate strategies and evaluate forward-looking projections and trends affecting our business. We discuss certain of these key financial metrics, including  
  
   -  17  - 

     Table of Contents  

revenue, below in the section entitled  Key components of our results of operations.  In addition, we utilize other key metrics as described below.  
  HSA members 
  The following table sets forth our HSA Members as of the periods indicated: 

The number of our HSA Members is critical because our service revenue is driven by the amount we charge per HSA Member.  
  The number of our HSA Members increased by approximately 776,000, or 48%, from   October 31, 2015   to   October 31, 2016  , and by approximately 494,000, or 45%, from   October 31, 2014   to   October 31, 2015  .  
  The increase in the number of our HSA Members in these periods was driven by the addition of new Network Partners and further penetration into existing Network Partners. In addition, during the year ended   January 31, 2016  , we acquired the rights to be the custodian of the HSA portfolios acquired from The Bancorp Bank and M T Bank, consisting of approximately 160,000 and 35,000 HSA Members, respectively.  
  Assets under management 
  The following table sets forth our AUM as of the periods indicated: 

We define AUM as our custodial assets under management. Our AUM, which is our HSA Members' assets under management, consists of the following components: (1) cash AUM, which are deposits with our FDIC-insured custodial depository bank partners, (2) cash AUM invested in an annuity contract with our insurance company partner and (3) members' investments in mutual funds through our custodial investment fund partner. Measuring our AUM is important because our custodial revenue is determined by the applicable account yields and average daily cash AUM balances. 
  Our total AUM increased by   $1.6 billion  , or   59%  , from   October 31, 2015   to   October 31, 2016  . Our total AUM increased by $857.6 million, or 47%, from   October 31, 2014   to   October 31, 2015  . The increase in total AUM in these periods was driven by additional AUM from our existing HSA Members and new AUM from new HSA Members added during the fiscal year. In addition, during the year ended   January 31, 2016  , we acquired the rights to be the custodian of the HSA portfolios acquired from The Bancorp Bank and M T Bank, consisting of approximately $390.0 million and $63.0 million of AUM, respectively. 
  Adjusted EBITDA 
  The following table sets forth our Adjusted EBITDA: 

We define Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial metric, as adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and certain other non-operating items. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and analysts in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and our board of directors because it reflects operating profitability before  
  
   -  18  - 

     Table of Contents  

consideration of non-operating expenses and non-cash expenses, and serves as a basis for comparison against other companies in our industry. 
  Our Adjusted EBITDA increased by   $4.7 million  , or   47%  , from   $9.9 million   for the three months ended   October 31, 2015   to   $14.5 million   for the three months ended   October 31, 2016  . The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was driven by the overall growth of our business, including a $2.7 million, or 43%, increase in income from operations.  
  Our Adjusted EBITDA increased by   $19.2 million  , or   60%  , from   $31.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   to   $51.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  . The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was driven by the overall growth of our business, including a $13.2 million, or 61%, increase in income from operations.  
  Our use of Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and it should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP.  
  The following table presents a reconciliation of net income, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated:    

   Key components of our results of operations 
  Revenue 
  The following table sets forth our revenue for the periods indicated: 

We generate revenue from three primary sources: service revenue, custodial revenue and interchange revenue.  
  Service revenue.      We earn service revenue from the fees we charge our Network Partners, employer clients and individual members for the administration services we provide in connection with the HSAs and RAs we offer. Our fees are generally based on a fixed tiered structure fixed for the duration of our agreement with the relevant customer, which is typically three to five years, and are paid to us on a monthly basis. We recognize revenue on a monthly basis as services are rendered under our written service agreements.  
  Custodial revenue.      We earn custodial revenue from our AUM held in trust with our FDIC-insured custodial depository bank partners, our insurance company partner and our custodial investment partner. As a non-bank custodian, we deposit our cash AUM with our various bank partners pursuant to contracts that (i) have terms that range from three to five years, (ii) provide for a fixed or variable interest rate payable on the average daily cash balances deposited with the relevant bank partner, and (iii) have minimum and maximum required deposit balances. We earn custodial revenue on our cash AUM that is based on the interest rates offered to us by these bank partners. In addition, once a member s HSA cash balance reaches a certain threshold, the member is able to invest  
  
   -  19  - 

     Table of Contents  

his or her HSA assets in mutual funds through our custodial investment partner. We receive a recordkeeping fee related to such investment AUM. 
  Interchange revenue.      We earn interchange revenue each time one of our members uses one of our payment cards to make a qualified purchase. This revenue is collected each time a member  swipes  our payment card to pay a healthcare-related expense. We recognize interchange revenue monthly based on reports received from third parties, namely, the card-issuing bank and the card processor. 
  Cost of revenue 
  Cost of revenue includes costs related to servicing member accounts, managing customer and partner relationships and processing reimbursement claims. Expenditures include personnel-related costs, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, common expense allocations (such as office rent, supplies, and other overhead expenses), new member and participant supplies, and other operating costs related to servicing our members. Other components of cost of revenue include interest paid to members on cash AUM and interchange costs incurred in connection with processing card transactions for our members. 
  Service costs.      Service costs include the servicing costs described above. Additionally, for new accounts, we incur on-boarding costs associated with the new accounts, such as new member welcome kits, the cost associated with issuance of new payment cards and costs of marketing materials that we produce for our Network Partners.  
  Custodial costs.      Custodial costs are comprised of interest we pay to our HSA Members and fees we pay to banking consultants whom we use to help secure agreements with our FDIC-insured custodial depository banking partners. We pay interest to HSA Members on a tiered basis. The interest rates we pay to HSA Members can be changed at any time upon required notice, which is typically 30 days. 
  Interchange costs.      Interchange costs are comprised of costs we incur in connection with processing payment transactions initiated by our members. Due to the substantiation requirement on RA-linked payment card transactions, which is the requirement that we confirm each purchase involves a "qualified medical expense" as defined under applicable law, payment card costs are higher for RA card transactions. In addition to fixed per card fees, we are assessed additional transaction costs determined by the amount of the transaction. 
  Gross profit and gross margin 
  Our gross profit is our total revenue minus our total cost of revenue, and our gross margin is our gross profit expressed as a percentage of our total revenue. Our gross margin has been and will continue to be affected by a number of factors, including the amount we charge our partners and members, interest rates, how many services we deliver per account, and payment processing costs per account. We expect our annual gross margin to remain relatively steady over the near term, although our gross margin could fluctuate from period to period depending on the interplay of these factors. 
  Operating expenses 
  Sales and marketing.      Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for our sales and marketing staff, including sales commissions for our direct sales force, external agent/broker commission expenses, marketing expenses, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and common expense allocations. 
  We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to increase the size of our sales and marketing organization and expand into new markets. On an annual basis, we expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase slightly as a percentage of our total revenue over the near term. Our sales and marketing expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenue from period to period due to the seasonality of our total revenue and the timing and extent of our sales and marketing expenses. 
  Technology and development.      Technology and development expenses include personnel and related expenses for software engineering, information technology, and product development. Technology and development expenses also include outsourced software engineering services, the costs of operating our on-demand technology infrastructure, depreciation, amortization of capitalized software development costs, stock-based compensation, and common expense allocations. 
  We expect our technology and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future due to higher amortization costs related to our planned capital expenditures to improve the architecture of our proprietary system. On an annual basis, we expect our technology and development expenses to remain unchanged as a percentage of our total revenue. Our technology and development expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenue  
  
   -  20  - 

     Table of Contents  

from period to period due to the seasonality of our total revenue and the timing and extent of our technology and development expenses. 
  General and administrative.      General and administrative expenses include personnel and related expenses, and professional fees incurred by our executive, finance, legal, compliance, and people departments. They also include depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation and common expense allocations. 
  We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase for the foreseeable future due to the additional legal, compliance, accounting, insurance, investor relations and other public company costs that we incur as we continue to grow as a public company, as well as other costs associated with continuing to grow our business. Looking forward, on an annual basis we expect our general and administrative expenses to remain unchanged as a percentage of our total revenue over the near term. Our general and administrative expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenue from period to period due to the seasonality of our total revenue and the timing and extent of our general and administrative expenses. 
  Amortization of acquired intangible assets.      Amortization of acquired intangible assets results from our acquisition of HSA portfolios. We acquired these intangible member assets from third-party custodians. We amortize these assets over the assets  estimated useful life of 15 years. We evaluate these assets for impairment at least each year, or at a triggering event. Our amortization of acquired intangible assets will increase going forward due to the acquisition of the rights to be the custodian of HSA portfolios acquired from The Bancorp Bank and M T Bank, which occurred during the year ended   January 31, 2016  . The acquired HSA portfolios each will be amortized using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of 15 years.  
  Other expense, net 
  Other expense primarily consists of interest expense associated with our credit agreement, non-income-based taxes and acquisition-related expenses, offset by interest income on corporate cash and marketable securities.  
  Income tax provision  
  We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the United States based on a calendar tax year which differs from our fiscal year-end for financial reporting purposes. We use the asset and liability method to account for income taxes, under which current tax liabilities and assets are recognized for the estimated taxes payable or refundable on the tax returns for the current fiscal year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, net operating loss carryforwards, and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted statutory tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be realized or settled. As of   October 31, 2016  , we remain in a federal net deferred tax liability position. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Due to the positive evidence of historical profits coupled with forecasted profitability, no valuation allowance was required as of   October 31, 2016  . 

-  21  - 

Table of Contents  

Results of operations 
  The following table sets forth our results of operations for the specified periods. The period-to-period comparisons of results are not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. 

-  22  - 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the components of our results of operations for the periods indicated as a percent of our total revenue: 

Comparison of the three and   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015    
  Service revenue 
  The   $3.6 million   increase in service revenue for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015   was primarily due to an increase in the number of our HSA Members. The   $12.1 million   increase in service revenue for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   was primarily due to an increase in the number of our HSA Members. The number of our HSA Members increased by approximately 776,000, or 48%, from   October 31, 2015   to   October 31, 2016  . 
  The growth in the number of our HSA Members from   October 31, 2015   to   October 31, 2016   was due to a combination of growth from our new and existing Network Partners and the acquisition of the rights to be custodian of HSA portfolios acquired from The Bancorp Bank and M T Bank, during the year ended   January 31, 2016  .  
  Service revenue per HSA Member decreased for the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015   by approximately 17% and 15%, respectively. Our service fee tier structure incentivizes Network Partners to add HSA Members by charging a lower rate for more HSA Members. As Network Partners add more HSA Members, the account fee per HSA Member will continue to decrease. The decrease in service revenue per HSA Member was partially offset by increases in custodial revenue and interchange revenue per HSA Member.  
  
   -  23  - 

     Table of Contents  

Custodial revenue 
  The   $5.8 million   increase in custodial revenue for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015   was primarily due to an increase in average daily cash AUM of   $1.4 billion  , or   62%  , and a slight increase in the yield on average cash AUM from 1.55% for the three months ended   October 31, 2015   to 1.57% for the three months ended   October 31, 2016  . Custodial revenue increased for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   as a percentage of our total revenue compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015  , primarily due to our AUM growing faster than our HSA Members.  
  The   $17.0 million   increase in custodial revenue for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   was primarily due to an increase in average daily cash AUM of   $1.4 billion  , or   63%  , and a slight increase in the yield on average cash AUM from 1.56% for the nine months ended   October 31, 2015   to 1.57% for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  . 
  Custodial revenue per HSA Member increased for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   by approximately 10% and 9%, respectively, primarily due the increase in average daily cash AUM balances.  
  Interchange revenue 
  The   $3.4 million   increase in interchange revenue for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015   was due to an overall increase in the number of our HSA Members and payment activity. We also continued to see a trend toward more HSA spending through payment card transaction swipes and less by checks and ACH or electronic reimbursements, which increased our interchange revenue. In addition, we were able to obtain a higher portion of the available interchange rate due to our increased volume of spend on our platform. As a result of these efforts, interchange revenue per HSA Member increased for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the   three and nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   by approximately 4% and 6%, respectively.  
  The   $11.6 million   increase in interchange revenue for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   was due to an overall increase in the number of our HSA Members and payment activity.  
    
  Cost of revenue 
  The following table sets forth our cost of revenue for the periods indicated: 

Service costs 
  The   $3.3 million   increase in service costs for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015   was due to the higher volume of total accounts being serviced  .   The   $3.3 million   increase includes $1.7 million related to the hiring of additional personnel to implement and support our new Network Partners and HSA Members, activation and processing costs of $933,000 related to account and card activation as well as monthly processing of statements and other communications, other expenses of $384,000, depreciation and amortization of $162,000 and stock compensation expense of $158,000. Service costs per HSA Member decreased by 9% compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015   due to increased efficiency and scalability of our service offering.  
  The   $8.3 million   increase in service costs for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   was due to the higher volume of total accounts being serviced  .   The   $8.3 million   increase includes $4.5 million related to the hiring of additional personnel to implement and support our new Network Partners and HSA Members, activation and processing costs of $1.7 million related to account and card activation as well as monthly processing of statements and other communications, other expenses of $1.2 million, stock compensation expense of $518,000, and depreciation and amortization of $387,000. Service costs per HSA Member decreased by 12% compared to the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   due to increased efficiency and scalability of our service offering.  
  
   -  24  - 

     Table of Contents  

Custodial costs 
  The   $925,000   increase in custodial costs for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015   was due to an increase in average daily cash AUM which increased from   $2.3 billion   for the three months ended   October 31, 2015   to   $3.7 billion   for the three months ended   October 31, 2016  . Our custodial costs on average cash AUM remained unchanged at 0.27% for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and 2015. 
  The   $2.7 million   increase in custodial costs for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   was due to an increase in average daily cash AUM which increased from   $2.2 billion   for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   to   $3.6 billion   for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  . Our custodial costs on average cash AUM remained unchanged at 0.27% for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   and 2015. 
  Interchange costs 
  The   $382,000   and   $1.6 million   increase in interchange costs for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   was due to an overall increase in payment activity, which is attributable to the growth in HSA Members.  
  As we continue to add HSA Members, our cost of revenue will increase in aggregate dollar amount to support our Network Partners and members. Cost of revenue will continue to be affected by a number of different factors, including our ability to implement new technology in our Member Education Center as well as scaling our Network Partner implementation and account management functions. 
  Operating expenses 
  The following table sets forth our operating expenses for the periods indicated: 

Sales and marketing 
  The   $1.3 million   increase in sales and marketing expense for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015   primarily consisted of increased staffing and sales commissions of $819,000 and other expenses of $505,000. 
  The   $4.1 million   increase in sales and marketing expense for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   primarily consisted of increased staffing and sales commissions of $2.4 million and other expenses of $1.7 million. 
  We will continue to invest in sales and marketing by hiring additional personnel and promoting our brand through a variety of marketing and public relations activities. As a result, we expect our sales and marketing expense to increase in future periods. 
  Technology and development 
  The   $1.8 million   increase in technology and development expense for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015   resulted primarily from $773,000 in additional personnel expense. There were increases in amortization and depreciation of $478,000, software subscriptions and maintenance of $363,000, stock compensation of $197,000 and other expenses of $643,000, which were partially offset by an increase in capitalized engineering of $497,000, and redeployment of resources from technology and development to general and administrative of $166,000.  
  
   -  25  - 

     Table of Contents  

The   $3.9 million   increase in technology and development expense for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   resulted primarily from $2.5 million in additional personnel expense. There were increases in amortization and depreciation of $1.4 million, software subscriptions and maintenance of $759,000, other expenses of $958,000 and stock compensation of $612,000, which were partially offset by an increase in capitalized engineering of $1.7 million, and redeployment of resources from technology and development to general and administrative of $598,000.  
  We will continue to invest in our proprietary technology platform. The timing of development and enhancement projects, including whether they are capitalized or expensed, will significantly affect our technology and development expense both in dollar amount and as a percentage of revenue. 
  General and administrative 
  The   $1.7 million   increase in general and administrative expense for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 31, 2015   was primarily attributable to increased personnel of $703,000, professional fees of $503,000, stock compensation of $84,000, other expenses of $233,000, and redeployment of resources from technology and development to general and administrative of $166,000.  
  The   $4.7 million   increase in general and administrative expense for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   was primarily attributable to increased personnel of $1.7 million, professional fees of $963,000, stock compensation of $790,000, other expenses of $661,000, and redeployment of resources from technology and development to general and administrative of $598,000.  
  As we continue to grow, we expect our general and administrative expense to continue to increase in dollar amount as we expand general and administrative headcount to support our continued growth and the regulatory and compliance requirements of a public company. 
  Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
  The   $674,000   and   $2.0 million   increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   was attributable to the $34.2 million and $6.2 million acquisition of the rights to be the custodian of HSA portfolios acquired from The Bancorp Bank and M T Bank, during the year ended January 31, 2016. We expect the amortization of acquired intangible assets to increase in dollar amount compared to the year ago periods as a result. 
  Other expense, net 
  The change in other expense, net for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  , is primarily attributable to the timing of ongoing acquisition-related activity costs, non-income-based taxes, interest income and interest expense.  
  Income tax provision 
  Income tax provision for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   was   $2.8 million   and   $11.8 million  , respectively, compared to   $2.3 million   and   $7.8 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  . The increase in income tax provision for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   was primarily the result of an increase in federal and state income taxes driven by an increase in income before income taxes netted with the tax benefit on research and development credits claimed. 
  Our effective income tax rate for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   was   31.6%   and   34.6%  , compared to   36.4%   and   36.6%   for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  . The 4.8 and 2.0 percentage point decrease for the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   is primarily due to the recognition of research and development tax credits in the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  . During the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  , the federal research and development credit had expired and was renewed in the three months ended January 31, 2016. 
  
   -  26  - 

     Table of Contents  

Seasonality 
  Seasonal concentration of our growth combined with our recurring revenue model creates seasonal variation in our results of operations. A significant number of new and existing Network Partners brings new HSA Members beginning in January concurrent with the start of many employers  benefit plan years. Before we realize any revenue from these new HSA Members, we incur costs related to implementing and supporting our new Network Partners and new HSA Members. These costs of revenue relate to activating the account and the hiring of additional staff, including seasonal help to support our Member Education Center. These expenses begin to increase during our third fiscal quarter with the majority of expenses incurred in our fourth fiscal quarter. We also experience higher operating expenses in our fourth fiscal quarter due to sales commissions for new accounts activated in January. 

Liquidity and capital resources 
  Cash and marketable securities overview 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , our principal source of liquidity was our current cash and marketable securities balances, collections from our service, custodial and interchange revenue activities, and availability under our credit facility. We rely on cash provided by operating activities to meet our short-term liquidity requirements, which primarily relate to the payment of corporate payroll and other operating costs, and capital expenditures. 
  As of   October 31, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  , cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were   $165.7 million   and $123.8 million, respectively.  
  Capital resources 
  We have a  shelf  registration statement on Form S-3 on file with the SEC. This shelf registration statement, which includes a base prospectus, allows us at any time to offer any combination of securities described in the prospectus in one or more offerings. Unless otherwise specified in a prospectus supplement accompanying the base prospectus, we would use the net proceeds from the sale of any securities offered pursuant to the shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, working capital, sales and marketing activities, general and administrative matters and capital expenditures, and if opportunities arise, for the acquisition of, or investment in, assets, technologies, solutions or businesses that complement our business. Pending such uses, we may invest the net proceeds in interest-bearing securities. In addition, we may conduct concurrent or other financings at any time. 
  We have a secured credit facility of $100.0 million. The credit facility has a term of five years and expires on September 30, 2020. The credit facility contains covenants and events of default customary for facilities of this type. There were no borrowings under the facility as of   October 31, 2016  . We were in compliance with all covenants as of   October 31, 2016  .  
  Use of cash 
  Capital expenditures for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   and 2015 were $9.5 million and $6.6 million, respectively. We expect our capital expenditures to increase for the remainder of the year ending January 31, 2017 as we are devoting a significant amount of our capital expenditures to improve the architecture and functionality of our proprietary system. Costs to improve the architecture of our proprietary system include outsourced software engineering services, computer hardware, and personnel and related costs for software engineering. In addition, we plan to devote resources to leasehold improvements and furniture and fixtures for new office space adjacent to our headquarters in Draper, Utah, which we began occupying in August 2016.  
  We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. To the extent these current and anticipated future sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required, we may not be able to raise it on favorable terms, if at all.  
  
   -  27  - 

     Table of Contents  

The following table shows our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the stated periods: 

Cash flows provided by operating activities.       Net cash provided by operating activities during the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   resulted primarily from our net income of $22.3 million being adjusted for the following non-cash items: depreciation and amortization of $9.5 million, stock-based compensation of $6.4 million, and changes in accounts receivable, other long-term liabilities, accrued liabilities and amortization of deferred financing costs totaling $3.0 million. These items were offset by a decrease in accrued compensation of $3.1 million resulting from the payment of bonuses and commissions subsequent to year-end, an increase in other assets of $4.0 million, a decrease in accounts payable of $973,000, and a change in deferred taxes and inventories totaling $2.2 million.  
  Net cash provided by operating activities during the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   resulted primarily from our net income of $13.5 million being adjusted for the following non-cash items: depreciation and amortization of $5.7 million, stock-based compensation of $4.3 million, accrued liabilities of $568,000, and accounts payable of $415,000. These items were offset by changes in deferred taxes of $1.5 million, other assets of $1.4 million, accrued compensation of $1.4 million, accounts receivable of $868,000, and other long-term liabilities and inventories totaling $483,000. 
  Cash flows used in investing activities.       Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   was primarily the result of purchases of software and capitalized software development costs of $6.8 million. This compares to purchases of software and capitalized software development costs of $4.8 million for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015  . We continue to develop of our proprietary system and other software necessary to support our continued account growth. Our purchases of property and equipment increased from $1.9 million for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   to $2.7 million for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  , the increase was as a result of our new facilities at our company headquarters.  
  Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   was primarily the result of purchases of marketable securities of $40.2 million, the acquisition of an HSA portfolio of $33.8 million during the three months ended October 31, 2015, the $500,000 investment in a limited partnership that engages in the development of technology-based financial healthcare products, and purchases of software and capitalized software development costs of $4.8 million. 
  Cash flows provided by financing activities.       Cash flow provided by financing activities during the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016   resulted primarily from the proceeds associated with the exercise of stock options of $4.5 million and the associated tax benefits of $15.9 million.  
  Cash flow provided by financing activities during the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   resulted primarily from our follow-on offering where we received net proceeds of $23.5 million from the sale of 972,500 shares of our common stock, the exercise of stock options of $1.8 million and the associated tax benefits of $11.3 million. These items were offset by deferred financing costs paid in conjunction with the credit agreement entered into during the three months ended October 31, 2015. 
  Contractual obligations 
  Except for the lease amendment described below, there were no material changes, outside of the ordinary course of business, in our contractual obligations from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016.  
  
   -  28  - 

     Table of Contents  

On September 16, 2016, the Company entered into a second amendment to its lease agreement, dated May 15, 2015, by and between the Company and its landlord to expand its current office space. The term of the lease commenced on July 1, 2016 and will expire on March 31, 2027. The Company will be responsible for payment of taxes and operating expenses for its portion of the building, in addition to an annual base rent in the initial amount of approximately   $569,000  , with   2.5%   annual increases. The material terms of the lease amendment are described in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 21, 2016, which is incorporated here in by reference.  
  Off-balance sheet arrangements 
  During the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and 2015, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated organizations or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities, that would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 
  Critical accounting policies and significant management estimates 
  Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our critical accounting policies and estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and in Note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016. There have been no significant or material changes in our critical accounting policies during the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  , as compared to those disclosed in  Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations   Critical accounting policies and significant management estimates  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016. 
  Recent accounting pronouncements 
  See Note 1. Summary of business and significant accounting policies within the interim financial statements included in this Form 10-Q for further discussion.  

Item 3. Qualitative and quantitative disclosures about market risk 
  Concentration of market risk 
  We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from providing services to tax-advantaged healthcare account holders. A significant downturn in this market or changes in state and/or federal laws impacting the preferential tax treatment of healthcare accounts such as HSAs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. During the three and   nine   months ended   October 31, 2016  , and 2015, no one customer accounted for greater than 10% of our total revenue. 
  Concentration of credit risk 
  Financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in bank and other depository accounts, which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of   October 31, 2016   were   $165.7 million  , of which $750,000 was covered by federal depository insurance. We have not experienced any material losses in such accounts and believe we are not exposed to any significant credit risk with respect to our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Our accounts receivable balance as of   October 31, 2016   was   $14.1 million  . We have not experienced any significant write-offs to our accounts receivable and believe that we are not exposed to significant credit risk with respect to our accounts receivable. 
  
   -  29  - 

     Table of Contents  

Interest rate risk 
  Assets under management 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , we had cash AUM of approximately   $3.7 billion  . We have entered into depository agreements with financial institutions for our cash AUM. The contracted interest rates were negotiated at the time the depository agreements were executed. A significant reduction in prevailing market interest rates may make it difficult for us to continue to place custodial deposits at the current contracted rates.  
  Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 
  We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be unrestricted cash equivalents. Our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents are held in institutions in the U.S. and include deposits in a money market account that is unrestricted as to withdrawal or use. As of   October 31, 2016  , we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of   $125.3 million  . Due to the short-term nature of these instruments, we believe that we do not have any material exposure to changes in the fair value of our investment portfolio as a result of changes in interest rates.  
  As of   October 31, 2016  , we had marketable securities of   $40.4 million  . Marketable securities are recorded at their estimated fair value. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our marketable securities are exposed to market risk due to a fluctuation in interest rates, which may affect the fair market value of our marketable securities. However, because we classify our marketable securities as  available-for-sale,  no gains or losses are recognized in net income due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be other-than-temporary. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The term "disclosure controls and procedures," as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure the information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures included, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   -  30  - 

Part II Other Information 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  From time-to-time, we may be subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the normal course of our business activities. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we are not a party to any litigation whereby the outcome of such litigation, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial position or brand. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk factors 
  The risks described in  Risk factors,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016 could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There have been no material changes in such risks. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face - our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. 
  
   -  31  - 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  (a) Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities 
  None.  
  (b) Use of Proceeds from Public Offering of Common Stock 
  On August 5, 2014, we closed our initial public offering of 10,465,000 shares of common stock sold by us. The offer and sale of all of the shares in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-196645), which was declared effective by the SEC on July 30, 2014. JP Morgan   Chase Co. and Wells Fargo acted as the lead underwriters. The public offering price of the shares sold in the offering was $14.00 per share. The total gross proceeds from the offering to us were $146.5 million. After deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately $10.2 million and offering expenses payable by us of approximately $3.7 million, we received approximately $132.6 million. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus (dated July 30, 2014) filed with the SEC on August 1, 2014 pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act. We paid a previously declared cash dividend of $50.0 million on shares of our common stock outstanding on August 4, 2014. In addition, we paid a cash dividend of $347,000 on shares of our outstanding series D-3 redeemable convertible preferred stock accrued through the date of conversion of such shares into common stock, which occurred on August 4, 2014. Other than the foregoing dividends, we made no payments directly or indirectly to (i) any of our officers or directors or their associates, (ii) any persons owning 10% or more of any class of our equity securities, or (iii) any of our affiliates.  
  On May 11, 2015, we closed our public offering of 972,500 shares of common stock sold by us. The offer and sale of all of the shares in the public offering were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to registration statements on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-203190 and 333-203888), which became effective on May 5, 2015. Wells Fargo acted as the lead underwriter. The public offering price of the shares sold in the offering was $25.90 per share. Certain selling stockholders sold   3,455,000   shares of common stock in the offering, including   380,000   shares of common stock which were issued upon the exercise of outstanding options. The Company received net proceeds of approximately   $23.5 million   after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately   $1.0 million   and other offering expenses payable by the Company of approximately   $688,000  . The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders other than   $222,000   representing the exercise price of the options that were exercised by certain selling stockholders in connection with the offering. We paid all of the expenses related to the registration and offering of the shares sold by the selling stockholders, other than underwriting discounts and commissions relating to those shares. Other than these expenses, we made no payments directly or indirectly to (i) any of our officers or directors or their associates, (ii) any persons owning 10% or more of any class of our equity securities, or (iii) any of our affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our public offering as described in our final prospectus (dated May 5, 2015) filed with the SEC on May 6, 2015 pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act.  
  During the year ended January 31, 2016, the Company used funds received from the offerings to acquire the rights to be the custodian of HSA portfolios acquired from The Bancorp Bank and M T Bank, for approximately $34.2 million and $6.2 million, respectively. The remainder of the funds received have been invested in registered money market accounts and mutual funds. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
  The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Quarterly Report.  

-  32  - 

Table of Contents  

Signatures 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HEALTHEQUITY, INC. 
      Date: December 8, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Darcy Mott 
        
    Name: 
      
    Darcy Mott 
        
    Title: 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

-  33  - 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit Index 

Incorporate by reference 
      Exhibit 
  no. 
      
    Description 
    Form 
    File No. 
    Exhibit 
    Filing Date 
      10.1 
      
    First Amendment Lease, dated November 3, 2015, by and between the Company and BG Scenic Point Office 2, L.C. (the "Landlord") Agreement 

10.2 
      
    Second Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated September 16, 2016, by and between the Company and the Landlord.  

31.1+ 
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2+ 
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1*# 
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2*# 
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS   
      
    XBRL Instance document 

101.SCH   
      
    XBRL Taxonomy schema linkbase document 

101.CAL   
      
    XBRL Taxonomy calculation linkbase document 

101.DEF   
      
    XBRL Taxonomy definition linkbase document 

101.LAB   
      
    XBRL Taxonomy labels linkbase document 

101.PRE   
      
    XBRL Taxonomy presentation linkbase document 

+ 
      
    Filed herewith 
      * 
      
    Furnished herewith 
      # 
      
    These certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing the registrant makes under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. 

In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the information in these exhibits is furnished and deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.  

-  34  - 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 a1stamendmenttoamendedandr.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT 
  THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT (this    Amendment   ) is entered into of this 3rd day of November, 2015, by and between BG SCENIC POINT OFFICE 2, L.C., a Utah limited liability company (the    Landlord   ), and HEALTHEQUITY, INC., a Delaware corporation (the    Tenant   ).  
  RECITALS: 
  A.  Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Lease Agreement dated May 15, 2015 (the    Lease   ), pursuant to which Landlord leased to Tenant approximately 50,000 rentable square feet of space consisting of the entire second (2nd) and third (3rd) floors of the Building (as defined in the Lease) (the    Leased Premises   ).   
  B.        Pursuant to the Lease, Tenant was not required to commence paying rent on the portion of the Leased Premised constituting the Second Expansion Premises (as defined in the Lease) until the earlier to occur of (i) the date Tenant conducted business within the Second Expansion Premises, or (ii) three (3) weeks after the first (1   st   ) anniversary of the First Expansion Premises Rent Commencement Date (as defined in the Lease) (the    Second Expansion Premises Rent Commencement Date  "). 
  C.    Pursuant to the Lease, Tenant is not permitted to occupy the Second Expansion Premises except for the period which is three (3) weeks prior to the Second Expansion Premises Rent Commencement Date, except for storage and staging purposes.  
  D.    Tenant desires to occupy the Second Expansion Premises at the same time as Tenant occupies the First Expansion Premises and Landlord has agreed to permit Tenant to occupy the Second Expansion Premises on the terms set forth herein.   
  AGREEMENT: 
  NOW, THEREFORE, for the foregoing purposes, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows: 
  1.  Recitals; Defined Terms  .  The Recitals set forth above are incorporated herein and into the Lease by reference.  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have their meanings set forth in the Lease. 
    
  2.  Amendment to Section 2.2  . Section 2.2 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
    
   2.2        Commencement Date.       The term of this Lease shall commence on the date which is ninety (90) days after the Actual Turnover Condition Date (as defined in Exhibit  C ) has occurred with respect to the First Expansion Premises and the Second Expansion Premises (the    Commencement Date   ), which is estimated to be July 15, 2016.  
  3.  Amendment to Section 2.3  . Section 2.3 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
    
   2.3        Rent Commencement Date  .  Tenant s obligation to pay Basic Annual Rent and Additional Rent for the Leased Premises, subject to the provisions of Section 3.2, shall commence upon the Commencement Date.  
  
     1 

4.  Amendment to Section 3.1  . Section 3.1 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
    
   3.1        Basic Annual Rent  3.1        Basic Annual Rent.  Commencing on the Commencement Date, Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord as basic annual rent for the First Expansion Premises at such place as Landlord may designate, without prior demand therefore and without any deduction or set off whatsoever, except as expressly permitted herein, the sum of twenty and 13/100 dollars ($20.13) per rentable square foot per year for the First Expansion Premises.  Commencing on the Commencement Date and continuing for a period until the day before the first anniversary of the Commencement Date (the    Second Expansion Premises Early Occupancy Period   ), in addition to Basic Annual Rent payable in connection with the First Expansion Premises, Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord as Basic Annual Rent for the Second Expansion Premises at such place as Landlord may designate, without prior demand therefore and without any deduction or set off whatsoever, except as expressly permitted herein, the sum of ten and no/100 dollars ($10.00) per rentable square foot per year for the Second Expansion Premises payable in monthly installments of $20,833.33 (assuming a rentable square footage of 25,000 which shall be confirmed prior to occupancy).  It is expressly understood that the $10.00 per rentable square foot per year rental amount for the Second Expansion Premises is intended to be the only rental payment due from Tenant to Landlord for the Second Expansion Premises during the Second Expansion Premises Early Occupancy Period, and Tenant shall not be required to pay Tenant s Proportionate Share of  Common Areas Expenses for the Second Expansion Premises during the Second Expansion Premises Early Occupancy Period. Upon the first anniversary of the Commencement Date, in addition to Basic Annual Rent payable in connection with the First Expansion Premises, Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord as Basic Annual Rent for the Second Expansion Premises at such place as Landlord may designate, without prior demand therefore and without any deduction or set off whatsoever, except as expressly permitted herein, the Basic Annual Rent (as determined on a per rentable square foot basis) as Tenant is then paying Landlord with respect to the First Expansion Premises.  The amounts payable by Tenant hereunder are referred to herein as    Basic Annual Rent.     The Basic Annual Rent shall be due and payable in twelve (12) equal monthly installments to be paid in advance on or before the first day of each calendar month during the term of the Lease.  Commencing on the first anniversary of the Commencement Date and on each anniversary of the Commencement Date thereafter, Basic Annual Rent shall escalate using a two and one-half of one percent (2.5%) annually compounded rate (the    Escalation Rate   ). In the event the Commencement Date occurs on a day other than the first day of a calendar month, then rent shall be paid on such date for the initial fractional calendar month prorated on a per diem basis (based upon a thirty (30) day month).  
  5.  Amendment to Section 3.2  . Section 3.2 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
    
   3.2        Rent Abatement  .   
    (a)        Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement of Basic Annual Rent with respect to the First Expansion Premises in an amount equal to nine (9) full months of Basic Annual Rent payable with respect to the First Expansion Premises, which abatement shall be applied to the period commencing on the Commencement Date and until such abatement has been entirely applied, except that Tenant shall not be entitled to an abatement of a portion of the Basic Annual Rent in the amount equal to sixty-five cents ($0.65) per rentable square feet of the First Expansion Premises, which amount shall otherwise be paid as required by Section 3.1 above.   
  
     2 

(b)        Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement of Basic Annual Rent with respect to the Second Expansion Premises in an amount equal to seven (7) full months of Basic Annual Rent payable with respect to the Second Expansion Premises, which abatement shall be applied to the period commencing on the first anniversary of the Commencement Date and until such abatement has been entirely applied, except that Tenant shall not be entitled to an abatement of a portion of the Basic Annual Rent in the amount equal to sixty-seven cents ($0.67) per rentable square feet of the Second Expansion Premises, which amount shall otherwise be paid as required by Section 3.1 above.   
    
  6.  Amendment to Section 4.1(i)  . Section 4.1(i) of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
    
   (i)           Tenant s Proportionate Share    shall mean the percentage derived from the fraction, the numerator of which is the rentable square footage of the Leased Premises, the denominator of which is the rentable square footage of the Building. Upon the Commencement Date the Tenant s pro rata share is 66.667% Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Building does not have ninety-five percent (95%) occupancy during an entire calendar year, then the variable cost component of  Common Area Expenses  shall be equitably adjusted so that the total amount of Common Area Expenses equals the total amount which would have been paid or incurred by Landlord had the Building been ninety-five percent (95%) occupied for the entire calendar year. In no event shall Landlord be entitled to receive from Tenant and any other tenants in the Building an aggregate amount in excess of actual Common Area Expenses incurred by Landlord.  
  7.  Headings  .  The captions and headings of the various sections of this Amendment are for convenience only and are not to be construed as defining or as limiting in any way the scope or intent of the provisions hereof.  Wherever the context requires or permits, the singular shall include the plural, the plural shall include the singular, and the masculine, feminine and neuter shall be freely interchangeable. 
    
  8.  Entire Amendment  .  This Amendment contains all Amendments between the Landlord and Tenant with respect to the matters set forth herein, and no Amendment not contained herein shall be recognized by Landlord and Tenant.  In the event of any amendment or modification of this Amendment, the amendment or modification shall be in writing signed by Landlord and Tenant in order to be binding upon Landlord and Tenant.  This Amendment is only for the benefit of Landlord and Tenant, and no third party shall be entitled to rely on the provisions of this Amendment.  In the event of a conflict between the provisions of this Amendment and the Lease, the provisions of this Amendment shall control. 
    
  9.  Counterparts  .  This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original.  An executed counterpart of this Amendment transmitted by facsimile shall be equally as effective as a manually executed counterpart. 
    
  10.  Authority  .  Each individual executing this Amendment does thereby represent and warrant to each other person so signing (and to each other entity for which such other person may be signing) that he or she has been duly authorized to deliver this Amendment in the capacity and for the entity set forth where she or he signs. 
    
  {Signature Page Follows} 
  
     3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , Landlord and Tenant have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
           LANDLORD: 
    BG SCENIC POINT OFFICE 2 L.C.  , a Utah limited liability company 

By: 
    _______________________  Name:  Ray M. Beck Title:  Manager 

TENANT: 
    HEALTHEQUITY, INC.  , a Delaware corporation 

By:         
  Name:  __________________________ 
  Title:  ___________________________ 

4 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 a2ndamendmenttoleasehealth.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT 
  THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT (this    Amendment   ) is entered into on this 16th day of September, 2016, by and between BG SCENIC POINT OFFICE 2, L.C., a Utah limited liability company (the    Landlord   ), and HEALTHEQUITY, INC., a Delaware corporation (the    Tenant   ).  
  RECITALS: 
  A.  Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Lease Agreement dated May 15, 2015, which was amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated November 3, 2015 (as amended, collectively, the    Lease   ), pursuant to which Landlord leased to Tenant the second (2   nd   ) and third (3   rd   ) floors of the Building (as defined in the Lease) (the    Existing Leased Premises   ).   
  B.        Pursuant to Section 1.5 of the Lease, Landlord granted to Tenant a right of first refusal with respect to the first floor of the Building. 
  C.        Landlord presented to Tenant an offer to lease the first floor of the Building containing 23,206 square feet more particularly shown on Exhibit  A  attached hereto  (the    Third Expansion Premises   ) and Tenant has elected to exercise Tenant s rights of first refusal with respect to the Third Expansion Premises. 
  D.        Landlord and Tenant are entering into this Amendment for purposes of adding the Third Expansion Premises to the Existing Leased Premises and to set forth the rentable square feet and the useable square feet of the Leased Premises and desire to amend the Lease to reflect such agreements, among other things.  
  AGREEMENT: 
  NOW, THEREFORE, for the foregoing purposes, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows: 
  1.        Recitals; Defined Terms  .  The Recitals set forth above are incorporated herein and into the Lease by reference.  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have their meanings set forth in the Lease. 
  2.        Addition of Third Expansion Premises  .  The Third Expansion Premises is hereby added to and included in the definition of  Leased Premises  for all purposes under the Lease and all provisions of the Lease applicable to the Existing Leased Premises will apply to the Third Expansion Premises except as follows: 
  (a)        The Rentable Square Feet of the Third Expansion Premises is 23,206 Rentable Square Feet; 
  
     1 

(b)        The Tenant Improvement Allowance for the Third Expansion Premises is an amount equal to Fifty dollars ($50.00) per useable square foot of the Third Expansion Premises and shall be distributed to Tenant to pay for tenant improvements to the Third Expansion Premises in accordance with the procedure set forth in the Lease, including, without limitation, the requirements set forth in Exhibit  C  to the Lease; 
  (c)        Tenant shall, subject to the provisions of subsection 1(e) of this Amendment, commence paying Basic Annual Rent with respect to the Third Expansion Premises on February 1, 2017 (the    Third Expansion Premises Rent Commencement Date   ) at the rate specified in subsection 1(d) of this Amendment;  
  (d)        Basic Annual Rent with respect to the Third Expansion Premises is initially $24.50 per rentable square foot of the Third Expansion Premises.  Commencing on the first anniversary of the Third Expansion Premises Rent Commencement Date and on each anniversary of the Third Expansion Premises Rent Commencement Date thereafter, Basic Annual Rent for the Third Expansion Premises shall escalate using a two and one-half of one percent (2.5%) annually compounded rate;  
  (e)        Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement of Basic Annual Rent with respect to the Third Expansion Premises in an amount equal to seven (7) full months of Basic Annual Rent payable with respect to the Third Expansion Premises, which abatement shall be applied to the period commencing on the Third Expansion Premises Rent Commencement Date and until such abatement has been entirely applied; and 
  (f)        Notwithstanding the provisions of Article IV of the Lease to the contrary, with respect to the Third Expansion Premises only, Tenant shall be only obligated to pay for Tenant s Full Service Proportionate Share of the Common Area Expense Increase.  For purposes of this subsection (f): 
  (i)         Base Year  means the 2017 calendar year;  
  (ii)         Common Area Expense Increase  means the amount of the increase in Common Area Expenses in a particular calendar year over Common Area Expenses for the Base Year, excluding the costs of any utilities which are separately metered and paid directly by Tenant;  
  (iii)         Tenant s Full Service Proportionate Share  shall mean 30.942%;  
  (iv)         Third Expansion Premises Estimated Costs  means Landlord s estimate of Tenant s Full Service Proportionate Share of Common Area Expenses Increase for a particular calendar year, excluding costs of electricity and HVAC services, which will be separately metered and billed to Tenant. 
  The amounts payable by Tenant under this subsection (1)(f) are  Additional Rent  for all purposes under the Lease.  Except as expressly modified by this subsection 1(f), the provisions of Article IV of the Lease will apply to the Third Expansion Premises.  The Third  
  
     2 

Expansion Premises Estimated Costs shall be payable at the same time as  Estimated Costs  are payable with respect to the Existing Leased Premises.  Tenant shall continue to pay for Common Area Expenses with respect to the Existing Leased Premises as provided in Article IV of the Lease. 
  3.        Amendment to Square Feet Measurements  .  Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that (a) the Rentable Square Feet of the Building is 75,000 square feet, (b) the Rentable Square Feet of the Leased Premises is 75,000 square feet consisting of 25,897 square feet located within the First Expansion Premises, 25,897 square feet located in the Second Expansion Premises and 23,206 Rentable Square Feet located in the Third Expansion Premises, (c) the usable square feet of the Leased Premises is 68,114 square feet consisting of 23,514 useable square feet in the First Expansion Premises, 23,553 useable square feet located in the Second Expansion Premises, and 21,047 useable square feet located in the Third Expansion Premises.  All references in the Lease to rentable square feet of the Building and/or the Leased Premises shall be modified to correspond to the measurements set forth in this Section 2 of this Amendment.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Common Area Expenses for the First Expansion Premises and Second Expansion Premises is 69.058%.  Tenant shall be entitled, at no additional cost or expense, to additional parking for the Third Expansion Premises in accordance with the formula set forth in Section 20.3 of the Lease and additional access cards in accordance with Section 7.1(e) of the Lease. 
  4.        Amendment to Section 2.2  . Section 2.2 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
   2.2      Commencement Date      .  The term of this Lease commenced on July 1, 2016 and shall expire on March 31, 2027 (the date which is 129 full calendar months plus the partial calendar month, if any, occurring after the Commencement Date), and is subject to extension as expressly set forth in this Lease.  
  5.        Amendment to Section 6.1  . Section 6.1 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:  
   6.1   Use of Leased Premises  .  The Leased Premises shall be used and occupied by Tenant for general office purposes consistent with a Class  A  office building, any uses ancillary or incidental thereto, a call center or for a day care/education facility for children (the    Child Care Facility   ) primarily for Tenant s employees and their spouses, partners, significant others, children and other dependents.  The Child Care Facility may, subject to Tenant obtaining all approvals as required by applicable laws, include space typical of a day care including classrooms, outdoor fenced play area and equipment in an area to be mutually agreed between Landlord and Tenant, kitchen, and any other typical use associated with an education or day care facility.  No other uses will be permitted without the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed. Notwithstanding the above, Tenant acknowledges and agrees that, as between Tenant and Landlord, the use of the Leased Premises as a Child Care Facility is subject to the following: 
  
     3 

(a)      Tenant shall be responsible, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, for obtaining all required approvals from all applicable federal, state, county, municipal and other agencies or authorities, including, without limitation, any necessary approvals from the applicable health and/or fire departments, permits required in connection with any venting or other air-removal/circulation system, and any required fire-suppression systems, copies of such approvals shall be delivered to Landlord prior to Tenant s installation of any Alterations in the Leased Premises in connection with such Child Care Facility uses; 
  (b)    Tenant shall be responsible, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, for complying with all applicable governmental laws, ordinances, regulations, and requirements, now in force or which hereafter may be in force, of any lawful governmental body or authorities having jurisdiction over the Leased Premises, for the operation of the Child Care Facility, including, without limitation, all licensing and inspections required for the Child Care Facility; 
  (c)    If the use of the Leased Premises for the Child Care Facility requires any Alterations (specifically including, without limitation, in connection with the installation of any venting or other air-removal/circulation system or a grease trap), Tenant shall be solely responsible for all costs incurred in connection therewith, and such Alterations shall be subject to the provisions of Section 8.3 of the Lease; 
  (c)    Any taxes, assessments, charges or fees on equipment for Child Care Facilities, including, without limitation, any kitchen equipment or sales tax shall be paid by Tenant in addition to other amounts payable by Tenant hereunder; 
  (d)    Any uses for utilities which are in excess of normal operating uses for offices, including, without limitation, those relating to a kitchen, kitchen equipment and kitchen area, or supplemental heating or cooling requirements, may, at Landlord s option, be sub-metered and billed separately to Tenant and shall be paid by Tenant in addition to other amounts payable by Tenant hereunder; 
  (e)    Notwithstanding the provisions of Exhibit  I  to the contrary, utilities, janitorial, maintenance and waste removal for the Child Care Facility will exceed normal office usage. Tenant will pay additional charges above Basic Annual Rent (and in additional to reimbursement of Common Area Expenses) for the following: (i) kitchen electricity usage as defined in the Lease, (ii) waste and recycling removal beyond $.03 gross square foot annually, (iii) janitorial and cleaning services for the server and kitchen back of house areas, (iv) maintenance for all kitchen equipment, hoods, exhaust fans, make-up air units, grease trap, grease duct etc., (v) cleaning and inspections for grease trap, hoods, grease duct, fire suppression systems etc., (vi) permits and fees associated with ongoing kitchen operations including all health department permits, and sewer district inspections; and 
  
     4 

(f)    Tenant shall not be permitted to install any signage which is visible from the outside of the Building relating to the Child Care Facility, provided, however, a small sign with the name of the Child Care Facility may be permitted on the back side of the Building with the approval of Landlord, such approval to not be unreasonably withheld. 
  6.        Omnibus Amendment  .  Any and all other terms and provisions of the Lease are hereby amended and modified wherever necessary, and even though not specifically addressed herein, so as to conform to the amendments set forth in the preceding paragraphs. Except as expressly modified and amended hereby, all other terms and conditions of the Lease shall continue in full force and effect. 
  7.        Broker  .  Landlord and Tenant each represent to the other that it has had no dealings with any real estate broker, agent or finder in connection with the negotiation of this Amendment, except for Lora Munson of Coldwell Banker Commercial ( Broker ), and that they know of no other real estate broker, agent or finder who is entitled to a commission or finder s fee in connection with this Amendment.  Each party shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless the other party against all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, lawsuits, judgments, and costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) for any leasing commission, finder s fee, equivalent compensation alleged to be owing on account of the indemnifying parties  dealings with any real estate broker, agent or finder other than the Broker.  The terms of this Section 7 will survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term. 
  8.        Headings  .  The captions and headings of the various sections of this Amendment are for convenience only and are not to be construed as defining or as limiting in any way the scope or intent of the provisions hereof.  Wherever the context requires or permits, the singular shall include the plural, the plural shall include the singular, and the masculine, feminine and neuter shall be freely interchangeable. 
  9.        Entire Amendment  .  This Amendment contains all Amendments between the Landlord and Tenant with respect to the matters set forth herein, and no Amendment not contained herein shall be recognized by Landlord and Tenant.  In the event of any amendment or modification of this Amendment, the amendment or modification shall be in writing signed by Landlord and Tenant in order to be binding upon Landlord and Tenant.  This Amendment is only for the benefit of Landlord and Tenant, and no third party shall be entitled to rely on the provisions of this Amendment.  In the event of a conflict between the provisions of this Amendment and the Lease, the provisions of this Amendment shall control.  
  10.        Counterparts  .  This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original.  An executed counterpart of this Amendment transmitted by facsimile shall be equally as effective as a manually executed counterpart. 
  11.        Authority  .  Each individual executing this Amendment does thereby represent and warrant to each other person so signing (and to each other entity for which such other person may  
  
     5 

be signing) that he or she has been duly authorized to deliver this Amendment in the capacity and for the entity set forth where she or he signs. 
  {Signature Page Follows} 
  
     6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , Landlord and Tenant have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
           LANDLORD: 
    BG SCENIC POINT OFFICE 2 L.C.  , a Utah limited liability company, by its manager 
       
  The Boyer Company, L.C., a Utah limited liability company 

By: 
    _______________________  Name:   Title:  Manager 

TENANT: 
    HEALTHEQUITY, INC.  , a Delaware corporation 

By:         
  Name:  __________________________ 
  Title:  ___________________________ 
  
     7 

Exhibit  A  
    
  Depiction of Third Expansion Premises 

8 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit3112016-10x31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 - 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
  Pursuant to 
  Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
  as Adopted Pursuant to 
  Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Jon Kessler, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of HealthEquity, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   December 8, 2016    

By: 
      
    /s/ Jon Kessler 
      Name: 
      
        Jon Kessler 
      Title: 
      
    Chief Executive Officer  
   (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit3122016-10x31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 - 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
  pursuant to 
  Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
  as adopted pursuant to 
  Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Darcy Mott, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of HealthEquity, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   December 8, 2016    

By: 
      
    /s/ Darcy Mott 
      Name: 
      
    Darcy Mott 
      Title: 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit3212016-10x31.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 - 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Jon Kessler, the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of HealthEquity, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that, to my knowledge: 
            2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Date:   December 8, 2016    

By:  
      
    /s/ Jon Kessler 
      Name: 
      
    Jon Kessler 
      Title: 
      
    Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit3222016-10x31.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 - 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Darcy Mott, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of HealthEquity, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that, to my knowledge: 
            2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date:   December 8, 2016    

By: 
      
    /s/ Darcy Mott 
      Name: 
      
    Darcy Mott 
      Title: 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 hqy-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 hqy-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 hqy-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 hqy-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 hqy-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 hqy-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

