<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1433564_0001510963-16-000080_6.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>123475</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>33106</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>53649</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001510963-16-000080.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115122041
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001510963-16-000080
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sino-American Net Media Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001433564
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53682
		FILM NUMBER:		161998679

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9911 VALLEY BLVD.
		CITY:			EL MONTE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91731
		BUSINESS PHONE:		626-807-2198

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9911 VALLEY BLVD.
		CITY:			EL MONTE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91731

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sino-American Investment Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100820

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Empire Asia Resources Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080428

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001510963-16-000080.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 sinomarch2016.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

[X] Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

For the period ended:  March 31, 2016 . 

[ ] Transition Report pursuant to 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number:  000-53682  

SINO-AMERICAN NET MEDIA CORP.  

 __________________________________________________ 

 (Exact name of Small Business Issuer as specified
in its charter) 

Delaware
                                          To be
applied   

 --------------------------------                 ---------------------------------- 

 (State or other jurisdiction
of              (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

 incorporation
or organization) 

227 West Valley Blvd., #298-C, San Gabriel,
CA 91776 48331   

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Postal
or Zip Code) 

Issuer's telephone number, including area code: 626-807-2198;
Fax: 626-279-1271 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange
Act: Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share 

Indicated by check whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. Yes [ ] No [x] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes[ ] No[ x ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one): 

Large accelerated filer [ ]                                      Accelerated filer
[ ] 

Non-accelerated filer [ ] (Do not                               Small reporting
company [x] 

 check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [x] No [ ] 

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 31,340,000 shares of common stock with par value of $0.0001 per share
outstanding as of  September 30, 2016. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

                    TO
QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

                    FOR
QUARTER ENDED March 31, 2016  

Part
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Page      

 Item 1. Financial Statements    

              Balance
Sheets                                             4             

Statement
Of Operations                                    5      

Statement
of Cash Flows                                    6    

Condensed
Notes to Financial Statement                     7 

Item 2. Management's Discussion And Analysis Of Financial 

         Condition And
Results Of Operation                              11             

Item 3  Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosure About Market
Risk       15 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures                                         15 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings                                               15   

Item 2. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
     15 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities                              
  15 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures                                         16 

Item 5. Other Information                                               16                    

Item 6. Exhibits                                                        16 

Part
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

   Item
1. Financial Statements   

Sino-American
Net Media Corp    

       Balance
Sheet   

   As
of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015   

Sino-American
Net Media Corp  Statements of Income (Loss)     

                                                         For
Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 and 2015    

Sino-American Net Media Corp  

                               Statement of Cash Flows  

                        Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 and 2015  

SINO-AMERICAN NET MEDIA CORP INC  

                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

                                           March 31, 2016  

1. ORGANIZATIONS AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Sino-American Net Media Corp (the  Company ) was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 9, 2009 and has been inactive since inception. The Company intends to serve
as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic or
foreign business. 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Accounting  

The accompanying audited financial statements and related
notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S.
GAAP ) for annual financial information, and with the rules and regulations of SEC to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation
S-X. 

 The Company selected its year-end on December 31. 

Development Stage Company  

The Company is a development stage company as defined by section
915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.  The Company has recognized no revenue since inception, and is still
devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business and its planned principal operations have not commenced.
All losses accumulated since inception, have been considered as part of the Company s development stage activities. 

Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with
maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph
820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (U.S. GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair
value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs
to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority
to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.
The three levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
as of the reporting date. 

Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1,
which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally unobservable inputs and not corroborated by
market data. 

The Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring or a non-recurring basis, consequently, the Company did not have any fair value adjustments for financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value at March 31, 2016, nor gains or losses are reported in the statement of operations
that are attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to those assets and liabilities still held at the reporting
date for the period from February 9, 2009 (inception) through March 31, 2016. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company will apply paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification for revenue recognition.  The Company will recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable and
earned.  The Company will consider revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i)
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer,
(iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.   

Income Taxes  

The Company will account for income taxes under Section 740-10-30
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that
will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the
extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ( Section 740-10-25 ). Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits
claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.  Under Section 740-10-25,
the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position
will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits
recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater
than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance
on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased
disclosures.  The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to
the provisions of Section 740-10-25. 

Net Loss Per Common Share  

Net loss per common share is computed pursuant to section
260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted
average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net
loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during each period.
 There were no potentially dilutive shares outstanding as of March 31, 2016. 

3. GOING CONCERN 

The accompanying financial statements are presented on a going
concern basis. The Company had minimal operations during the period from February 9, 2009(date of inception) to March 31, 2016 and
has not established any source of revenue to cover its operating costs. The Company will engage in very limited activities without
incurring any liabilities that must be satisfied in cash until a source of funding is secured. The Company will offer no cash consideration
and seek equity lines as a means of financing its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain revenue producing contracts or
financing  

or if the revenue or financing it does obtain is insufficient to cover any operating losses it may incur, it may substantially
curtail or terminate its operations or seek other business opportunities through strategic alliances, acquisitions or other arrangements
that may dilute the interests of existing stockholders. 

4. WARRANTS AND OPTIONS 

There are no warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional
shares of common stocks. 

5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

None 

6. INCOME TAXES 

As
of March 31, 2016 

Deferred tax assets: 

      Net operating losses carry
forwards           $ 3,134 

      Other                                           
 0 

Valuation allowance         
                  3,134 

      Net deferred tax assets                   
  $    0 

Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient
future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be available to
reduce taxable income. As the achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain, the Company recorded a valuation allowance. 

7. NET OPERATING LOSSES 

As of March 31, 2016, the Company has a net operating loss carryforward
of $ 3,134 including $0 generated in this year. Net operating loss carryforward expires twenty years from the date the loss was
incurred. 

8. STOCK TRANSACTIONS 

Upon formation, the Board of Directors issued 31,340,000 shares
of common stock for $3,134 in services to the founding shareholder of the Company to fund organizational start-up costs. 

On August 13, 2010, Zhong Fang purchased 99 % of the Company's
shares of common stock from the founder in a private sale at the price of $59,990. 

The aggregate number of shares issued and outstanding has been
unchanged since the company s inception. 

9. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The stockholders' equity section of the Company contains the following
classes of capital stock as of this date of reporting: 

Common stock, $ 0.0001 par value: 250,000,000 shares authorized;
31,340,000 shares issued and outstanding. 

Item 2. Management's Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition
And Results Of Operation   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS:  

This Form 10-Q includes  forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are based on our current goals, plans,
expectations, assumptions, estimates and predictions about the Company. When used in this Form 10-Q, the words  plan ,
 believes,   continues,   expects,   anticipates,   estimates,   intends ,
 should,   would,   could,  or  may,  and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that
may cause the actual results, events or growths to be materially different from any future results, events or growths expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
expectations include, but are not limited to, Chinese government policy or rule changes, market conditions, competition and the
ability to successfully complete financing. 

Plan of Operation: 

Sino-American Net Media Corp (the  Company ) was organized
on February 9, 2009, as a blank check or shell company under the Laws of the State of Delaware. The Company does not currently
engage in any business activities that provide cash flow. From inception, the primary activity of the Company has been directed
towards organizational efforts, compliance matters and locating potential merger or acquisition candidates. 

The Company has registered its Common Stock on a Form 10 registration
statement filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) and Rule 12(g) thereof. The Company files with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission periodic reports under Rule 13(a) of the Exchange Act, including quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and annual reports on Form 10-K. 

The Company was formed to engage in a merger with or acquisition
of an unidentified private company, which desires to become a reporting (public) company whose securities are qualified for trading
in the United States secondary market. The Company meets the definition of a blank check company contained in Section 7(b)(3) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

The Company believes that there are perceived benefits to being
a reporting company with a class of publicly-traded securities which may be attractive to foreign and domestic private companies. 

These benefits are commonly thought to include: 

1. the ability to use registered shares to make acquisition of
assets or businesses; 

2. increased visibility in the financial community; 

3. the facilitation of borrowing from financial institutions; 

4. improved trading efficiency; 

5. shareholder liquidity; 

6. greater ease in subsequently raising capital; 

7. compensation of key employees through options for stock for
which there is a public market; 

8. enhanced corporate image; and, 

9. a presence in the United States capital market. 

A private company, which may be interested in a business combination
with the Company, may include the following: 

1. a company for which a primary purpose of becoming public is
the use of its securities for the acquisition of assets or businesses; 

2. a company which is unable to find an underwriter of its securities
or is unable to find an underwriter of securities on terms acceptable to it; 

3. a company which wishes to become public with less dilution
of its Common Stock than would occur normally upon an underwriting; 

4. a company which believes that it will be able to obtain investment
capital on more favorable terms after it has become public; 

5. a foreign company which may wish an initial entry into the
United States securities market; 

6. a special situation company, such as a company seeking a public
market to satisfy redemption requirements under a qualified Employee Stock Option Plan; and, 

7. a company seeking one or more of the other benefits believed
to attach to a public company. 

The Company is authorized to enter into a definitive agreement
with a wide variety of private businesses without limitation as to their industry or revenues. It is not possible at this time
to predict with which private company, if any, the Company will enter into a definitive agreement or what will be the industry,
operating history, revenues, future prospects or other characteristics of that company. 

As of the date hereof, management of the Company has not made
any final decision for a business combination with any private corporations, partnerships or sole proprietorships. When any such
agreement is reached or other material fact occurs, the Company will file notice of such agreement or fact with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on Form 8-K. Persons reading this Form 10-Q are advised to see if the Company has subsequently filed a
Form 8-K. 

There is presently no trading market for the Company's common
stock and no market may ever exist for the Company's common stock. The Company plans to apply for a corporate CUSIP # for its common
stock and to assist broker-dealers in complying with Rule 15c2-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, so that such
brokers can trade the Company's common stock in the Over-The-Counter Electronic Bulletin Board (the  OTC Bulletin Board 
or  OTCBB ) after the Company is no longer classified as a  blank check  or shell company, as defined by
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. There can be no assurance to investors that any broker-dealer will actually file the
materials required in order for such OTC Bulletin Board trading to proceed. 

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted a rule
(Rule 419) which defines a blank-check company as (i) a development stage company, that is (ii) offering penny stock, as defined
by Rule 3a51-1, and (iii) that has no specific business plan or purpose or has indicated that its business plan is engage in a
merger or acquisition with an unidentified company or companies. 

BUSINESS COMBINATION 

The Company will attempt to locate and negotiate with a business
entity for the combination of that target company with the Company. The combination will normally take the form of a merger, stock-for-stock
exchange or stock-for-assets exchange (the  business combination ). In most instances the target company will wish to
structure the business combination to be within the definition of a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. No assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in locating or negotiating
with any target business. 

The Company has not restricted its search for any specific kind
of businesses, and it may acquire a business, which is in its preliminary or development stage, which is already in operation,
or in essentially any stage of its business life. It is impossible to predict the status of any business in which the Company may
become engaged, in that such business may need to seek additional capital, may desire to have its shares publicly traded, or may
seek other perceived advantages which the Company may offer. 

In implementing a structure for a particular business acquisition,
the Company may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture, or licensing agreement with another corporation
or entity. 

It is anticipated that any securities issued in any such business
combination would be issued in reliance upon exemption from registration under applicable federal and state securities laws. In
some circumstances, however, as a negotiated element of its transaction, the Company may agree to register all or a part of such
securities immediately after the transaction is consummated or at specified times thereafter. If such registration occurs, it will
be undertaken by the surviving entity after the Company has entered into an agreement for a business combination or has consummated
a business combination. The issuance of additional securities and their potential sale into any trading market which may develop
in the Company's securities may depress the market value of the Company's securities in the future if such a market develops, of
which there is no assurance. 

The Company will participate in a business combination only after
the negotiation and execution of appropriate agreements. Negotiations with a target company will likely focus on the percentage
of the Company, which the target company shareholders would acquire in exchange for their shareholdings. 

Although the terms of such agreements cannot be predicted, generally
such agreements will require certain representations and warranties of the parties thereto, will specify certain events of default,
will detail the terms of closing and the conditions which must be satisfied by the parties prior to and after such closing and
will include miscellaneous other terms. Any merger or acquisition effected by the Company can be expected to have a significant
dilution effect on the percentage of shares held by the Company's shareholders at such time. 

OPERATIONAL RESULTS 

The Company has no current operating history and does not have
any revenues or earnings from operations. The Company has no assets or financial resources. We will, in all likelihood, sustain
operating expenses without corresponding revenues, at least until the consummation of a business combination. This may result in
the Company incurring a net operating loss that will increase continuously until the Company can consummate a business combination
with a profitable business opportunity. There is no assurance that we can identify such a business opportunity and consummate such
a business combination. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

On March 31, 2016, the Company had no cash and no other assets.
We are dependent upon our officers to meet any minimum costs that may occur. Mr. Zhong Fang the sole officer and director of the
Company, has agreed to provide the necessary  

funds, without interest, for the Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; provided that he is still an officer and director of the Company when the obligation is incurred. All advances
are interest-free. 

Item 3. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosure About market Risk 

None. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange act of
1934, as amended) as of the end of period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective. There has been no change in
our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Other Information. 

During the change of control, Mr. Zhong Fang was appointed as
the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Even though appointments have been made, the sole
officer and director, Mr. Zhong Fang, is not compensated for his time. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 2. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

None 

Item 6. Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-k 

Exhibit                                                         Filed             _ References In______   

   No                  Description______________________        _ herewith          _  Form
Exhibit Filing Date    

8-K Current Report (Company Name Change)                                             Filed on 02/08/2012 

31 Section 302 Certification of CEO   CFO                         X 

32 Section 906 Certification of CEO   CFO                         X 

Signature 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Sino-American Net Media Corp. 

Dated: November 10, 2016
                                                                                By:
/s/ Zhong Fang 

                                                                                                          ------------------------ 

Zhong Fang (Principal Executive Officer) 

                                                                                                         (Principal Financial Officer) 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name
               Title
       Date  

/        s/_ Zhong
Fang         CEO   CFO    November 10 , 2016  

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Zhong Fang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10Q of Sino-American
Investment Holdings Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. As the registrant's certifying officer I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure control and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. As the registrant's certifying officer I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10,  2016
                                                                                                                                                    By:
/s/ Zhong Fang 

                                                                                                                                                                                   ------------------------------- 

                                                                                                                                                                                   Zhong Fang, CEO and CFO 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 e32.htm

Exhibit
32  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Annual Report of Sino-American Investment Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the
period ended   March 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), the undersigned, Chief Executive Officer   Chief Financial Officer, certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge:  

1.
The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Date:
November 10,  2016                                           
/s/ Zhong Fang  

                                                                                       -------------------------------  

                                                                                           Zhong
Fang, CEO   CFO  

</EX-32>

