<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-Q_edgar_data_89800_0000089800-16-000039_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6450532</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>130717</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>334164</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2253717</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2766376</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>847630</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000089800-16-000039.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161026100933
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000089800-16-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SHERWIN WILLIAMS CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000089800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-BUILDING MATERIALS, HARDWARE, GARDEN SUPPLY [5200]
		IRS NUMBER:				340526850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04851
		FILM NUMBER:		161951721

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 PROSPECT AVE NW
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44115
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2165662200

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000089800-16-000039.txt : 20161026

10-Q
 1
 shw-2016930_10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D. C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the Period Ended   September 30, 2016     
  or 

For the transition period from                  to                
  Commission file number 1-04851 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(216) 566-2000 
  (Registrant s telephone number including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one:) 
                       Large accelerated filer 
    x 
      
    Accelerated filer 
    o 

Non-accelerated filer 
    o 
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes    o      No    x 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date. 
  Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value     92,907,741   shares as of   September 30, 2016  . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 
   
  THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  Thousands of dollars, except per share data  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
  Thousands of dollars 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
  Thousands of dollars 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
  Periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 
   
  NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION  
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. 
  Except for the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 (see Note 11), there have been no significant changes in critical accounting policies since   December 31, 2015  . Accounting estimates were revised as necessary during the first   nine months   of   2016   based on new information and changes in facts and circumstances. Certain amounts in the   2015   condensed consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the   2016   presentation. 
  The Company primarily uses the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method of valuing inventory. An actual valuation of inventory under the LIFO method can be made only at the end of each year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time. Accordingly, interim LIFO calculations are based on management s estimates of expected year-end inventory levels and costs are subject to the final year-end LIFO inventory valuation. In addition, interim inventory levels include management s estimates of annual inventory losses due to shrinkage and other factors. The final year-end valuation of inventory is based on an annual physical inventory count performed during the fourth quarter. For further information on inventory valuations and other matters, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  The consolidated results for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . 
   
  NOTE 2 IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company early adopted, as permitted, ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which simplifies various provisions related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. Excess tax benefits for share-based payments are no longer recognized in other capital on the balance sheet and now will be recognized in the income tax provision on the income statement. In addition, excess tax benefits for share-based payments are now included in Net operating cash rather than Net financing cash. The changes have been applied prospectively in accordance with the ASU and prior periods have not been adjusted. Refer to Note 11 for additional information. 
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2015-03, "Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs," which requires companies to present debt issuance costs associated with a debt liability as a deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability on the balance sheet rather than being capitalized as an asset. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases,  which consists of a comprehensive lease accounting standard. Under the new standard, assets and liabilities arising from most leases will be recognized on the balance sheet. Leases will be classified as either operating or financing, and the lease classification will determine whether expense is recognized on a straight line basis (operating leases) or based on an effective interest method (financing leases). The new standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  A modified retrospective transition approach is required with certain practical expedients available.  The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,  which amends the guidance for certain aspects of recognition, measurement and disclosure of financial instruments. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 31, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the standard. 
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, "Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes," which eliminates the requirement for separate presentation of current and non-current portions of deferred tax. All deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities will be presented as non-current on the balance sheet. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods  
  
   5 

beginning after December 15, 2016. Either retrospective or prospective presentation can be used. The Company will adopt ASU No. 2015-17 as required. The ASU will not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which consists of a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The issuance of ASU No. 2015-14 in August 2015 delays the effective date of the standard to interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Either full retrospective adoption or modified retrospective adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the standard. 
   
  NOTE 3 DIVIDENDS 
  Dividends paid on common stock during each of the first   three   quarters of   2016   and   2015   were   $.84   per common share and   $.67   per common share, respectively. 
   
  NOTE 4 CHANGES IN CUMULATIVE OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  The following tables summarize the changes in Cumulative other comprehensive loss for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(1)    Net of taxes of   $(509)   for unrealized net   gains   on available-for-sale securities and   $60,093   for unrealized net   losses   on cash flow hedges. 
    
   (2)    Net of taxes of   $10   for pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments and   $(61)   for realized   losses   on the sale of available-for-sale securities. 
  
   6 

(3)    Net of taxes of   $966   for unrealized net losses on available-for-sale securities. 
   (4)    Net of taxes of   $(593)   for pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments and   $(303)   for realized losses on the sale of available-for-sale securities. 
   
  NOTE 5 PRODUCT WARRANTIES 
  Changes in the Company s accrual for product warranty claims during the first   nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , including customer satisfaction settlements, were as follows: 

For further details on the Company s accrual for product warranty claims, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

7 

NOTE 6 EXIT OR DISPOSAL ACTIVITIES 
  Liabilities associated with exit or disposal activities are recognized as incurred in accordance with the Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations Topic of the ASC. Qualified exit costs primarily include post-closure rent expenses, incremental post-closure costs and costs of employee terminations. Adjustments may be made to liabilities accrued for qualified exit costs if information becomes available upon which more accurate amounts can be reasonably estimated. Concurrently, property, plant and equipment is tested for impairment in accordance with the Property, Plant and Equipment Topic of the ASC, and if impairment exists, the carrying value of the related assets is reduced to estimated fair value. Additional impairment may be recorded for subsequent revisions in estimated fair value. 
  In the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  ,   fourteen   stores in the Paint Stores Group,   eight   branches in the Global Finishes Group and   one   facility in the Consumer Group were closed due to lower demand or redundancy. 
  The following table summarizes the activity and remaining liabilities associated with qualified exit costs at   September 30, 2016  : 

For further details on the Company s exit or disposal activities, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

8 

NOTE 7     HEALTH CARE, PENSION AND OTHER BENEFITS 
  Shown below are the components of the Company s net periodic benefit cost (credit) for domestic defined benefit pension plans, foreign defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefits other than pensions: 

The settlement charge recognized in the first quarter of 2016 relates to the wind up of an acquired Canada plan. For further details on the Company s health care, pension and other benefits, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  NOTE 8 OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 
  The Company initially provides for estimated costs of environmental-related activities relating to its past operations and third party sites for which commitments or clean-up plans have been developed and when such costs can be reasonably estimated based on industry standards and professional judgment. These estimated costs are determined based on currently available facts regarding each site. If the best estimate of costs can only be identified as a range and no specific amount within that range can be determined more likely than any other amount within the range, the minimum of the range is provided. At   September 30, 2016  , the unaccrued maximum of the estimated range of possible outcomes is   $81.5 million   higher than the minimum. 
  The Company continuously assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated and as additional accounting guidelines are issued. Actual costs incurred may vary from these estimates due to the inherent uncertainties involved including, among others, the number and financial condition of parties involved with respect to any given site, the volumetric contribution which may be attributed to the Company relative to that attributed to other parties, the nature and magnitude of the wastes involved, the various technologies that can be used for remediation and the determination of acceptable remediation with respect to a particular site. 
  Included in Other long-term liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were accruals for extended environmental-related activities of   $143.9 million   and   $126.4 million  , respectively. Estimated costs of current investigation and remediation activities of   $22.5 million   and   $16.9 million   are included in Other accruals at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Three   of the Company s currently and formerly owned manufacturing sites account for the majority of the accrual for environmental-related activities and the unaccrued maximum of the estimated range of possible outcomes at   September 30,  
  
   9 

2016  . At   September 30, 2016  ,   $127.9 million  , or   76.9 percent   of the total accrual, related directly to these   three   sites. In the aggregate unaccrued maximum of   $81.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  ,   $60.9 million  , or   74.8 percent  , related to the   three   manufacturing sites. While environmental investigations and remedial actions are in different stages at these sites, additional investigations, remedial actions and monitoring will likely be required at each site. 
  Management cannot presently estimate the ultimate potential loss contingencies related to these sites or other less significant sites until such time as a substantial portion of the investigation at the sites is completed and remedial action plans are developed. In the event any future loss contingency significantly exceeds the current amount accrued, the recording of the ultimate liability may result in a material impact on net income for the annual or interim period during which the additional costs are accrued. Management does not believe that any potential liability ultimately attributed to the Company for its environmental-related matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, liquidity, or cash flow due to the extended period of time during which environmental investigation and remediation takes place. An estimate of the potential impact on the Company s operations cannot be made due to the aforementioned uncertainties. 
  Management expects these contingent environmental-related liabilities to be resolved over an extended period of time. Management is unable to provide a more specific time frame due to the indefinite amount of time to conduct investigation activities at any site, the indefinite amount of time to obtain environmental agency approval, as necessary, with respect to investigation and remediation activities, and the indefinite amount of time necessary to conduct remediation activities. 
  For further details on the Company s Other long-term liabilities, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  NOTE 9   LITIGATION 
  In the course of its business, the Company is subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to, litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury, environmental, intellectual property, commercial, contractual and antitrust claims that are inherently subject to many uncertainties regarding the possibility of a loss to the Company. These uncertainties will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur confirming the incurrence of a liability or the reduction of a liability. In accordance with the Contingencies Topic of the ASC, the Company accrues for these contingencies by a charge to income when it is both probable that one or more future events will occur confirming the fact of a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In the event that the Company s loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the additional liability may result in a material impact on the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such additional liability is accrued. In those cases where no accrual is recorded because it is not probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of any such loss cannot be reasonably estimated, any potential liability ultimately determined to be attributable to the Company may result in a material impact on the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued. In those cases where no accrual is recorded or exposure to loss exists in excess of the amount accrued, the Contingencies Topic of the ASC requires disclosure of the contingency when there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or additional loss may have been incurred. 
  Lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation.   The Company s past operations included the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. The Company, along with other companies, is and has been a defendant in a number of legal proceedings, including individual personal injury actions, purported class actions, and actions brought by various counties, cities, school districts and other government-related entities, arising from the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. The plaintiffs  claims have been based upon various legal theories, including negligence, strict liability, breach of warranty, negligent misrepresentations and omissions, fraudulent misrepresentations and omissions, concert of action, civil conspiracy, violations of unfair trade practice and consumer protection laws, enterprise liability, market share liability, public nuisance, unjust enrichment and other theories. The plaintiffs seek various damages and relief, including personal injury and property damage, costs relating to the detection and abatement of lead-based paint from buildings, costs associated with a public education campaign, medical monitoring costs and others. The Company has also been a defendant in legal proceedings arising from the manufacture and sale of non-lead-based paints that seek recovery based upon various legal theories, including the failure to adequately warn of potential exposure to lead during surface preparation when using non-lead-based paint on surfaces previously painted with lead-based paint. The Company believes that the litigation brought to date is without merit or subject to meritorious defenses and is vigorously defending such litigation. The Company has not settled any material lead pigment or lead-based paint litigation. The Company expects that additional lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation may be filed against the Company in the future asserting similar or different legal theories and seeking similar or different types of damages and relief. 
  Notwithstanding the Company s views on the merits, litigation is inherently subject to many uncertainties, and the Company ultimately may not prevail. Adverse court rulings or determinations of liability, among other factors, could affect the lead  
  
   10 

pigment and lead-based paint litigation against the Company and encourage an increase in the number and nature of future claims and proceedings. In addition, from time to time, various legislation and administrative regulations have been enacted, promulgated or proposed to impose obligations on present and former manufacturers of lead pigments and lead-based paints respecting asserted health concerns associated with such products or to overturn the effect of court decisions in which the Company and other manufacturers have been successful. 
  Due to the uncertainties involved, management is unable to predict the outcome of the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, the number or nature of possible future claims and proceedings or the effect that any legislation and/or administrative regulations may have on the litigation or against the Company. In addition, management cannot reasonably determine the scope or amount of the potential costs and liabilities related to such litigation, or resulting from any such legislation and regulations. The Company has not accrued any amounts for such litigation. With respect to such litigation, including the public nuisance litigation, the Company does not believe that it is probable that a loss has occurred, and it is not possible to estimate the range of potential losses as there is no prior history of a loss of this nature and there is no substantive information upon which an estimate could be based. In addition, any potential liability that may result from any changes to legislation and regulations cannot reasonably be estimated. In the event any significant liability is determined to be attributable to the Company relating to such litigation, the recording of the liability may result in a material impact on net income for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued. Additionally, due to the uncertainties associated with the amount of any such liability and/or the nature of any other remedy which may be imposed in such litigation, any potential liability determined to be attributable to the Company arising out of such litigation may have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. An estimate of the potential impact on the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition cannot be made due to the aforementioned uncertainties. 
  Public nuisance claim litigation  .   The Company and other companies are or were defendants in legal proceedings seeking recovery based on public nuisance liability theories, among other theories, brought by the State of Rhode Island, the City of St. Louis, Missouri, various cities and counties in the State of New Jersey, various cities in the State of Ohio and the State of Ohio, the City of Chicago, Illinois, the City of Milwaukee, Wisconsin and the County of Santa Clara, California and other public entities in the State of California. Except for the Santa Clara County, California proceeding, all of these legal proceedings have been concluded in favor of the Company and other defendants at various stages in the proceedings. 
  The proceedings initiated by the State of Rhode Island included   two   jury trials. At the conclusion of the second trial, the jury returned a verdict finding that (i) the cumulative presence of lead pigment in paints and coatings on buildings in the State of Rhode Island constitutes a public nuisance, (ii) the Company, along with   two   other defendants, caused or substantially contributed to the creation of the public nuisance and (iii) the Company and   two   other defendants should be ordered to abate the public nuisance. The Company and   two   other defendants appealed and, on July 1, 2008, the Rhode Island Supreme Court, among other determinations, reversed the judgment of abatement with respect to the Company and   two   other defendants. The Rhode Island Supreme Court s decision reversed the public nuisance liability judgment against the Company on the basis that the complaint failed to state a public nuisance claim as a matter of law. 
  The Santa Clara County, California proceeding was initiated in March 2000 in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Santa Clara. In the original complaint, the plaintiffs asserted various claims including fraud and concealment, strict product liability/failure to warn, strict product liability/design defect, negligence, negligent breach of a special duty, public nuisance, private nuisance, and violations of California s Business and Professions Code. A number of the asserted claims were resolved in favor of the defendants through pre-trial proceedings. The named plaintiffs in the Fourth Amended Complaint, filed on March 16, 2011, are the Counties of Santa Clara, Alameda, Los Angeles, Monterey, San Mateo, Solano and Ventura, the Cities of Oakland and San Diego and the City and County of San Francisco. The Fourth Amended Complaint asserted a sole claim for public nuisance, alleging that the presence of lead pigments for use in paint and coatings in, on and around residences in the plaintiffs  jurisdictions constitutes a public nuisance. The plaintiffs sought the abatement of the alleged public nuisance that exists within the plaintiffs  jurisdictions. A trial commenced on July 15, 2013 and ended on August 22, 2013. The court entered final judgment on January 27, 2014, finding in favor of the plaintiffs and against the Company and   two   other defendants (ConAgra Grocery Products Company and NL Industries, Inc.). The final judgment held the Company jointly and severally liable with the other   two   defendants to pay   $1.15 billion   into a fund to abate the public nuisance. The Company strongly disagrees with the judgment. On February 18, 2014, the Company filed a motion for new trial and a motion to vacate the judgment. The court denied these motions on March 24, 2014. On March 28, 2014, the Company filed a notice of appeal to the Sixth District Court of Appeal for the State of California. The filing of the notice of appeal effects an automatic stay of the judgment without the requirement to post a bond. The appeal is fully briefed, and the parties are waiting for the Sixth District Court of Appeal to set a date for oral argument. The date for oral argument is at the discretion of the Sixth District Court of Appeal. The Company expects the Sixth District Court of Appeal to issue its ruling within 90 days following oral argument. The Company believes that the judgment conflicts with established principles of law and is unsupported by the evidence. The Company has had a favorable history with respect to lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, particularly other public  
  
   11 

nuisance litigation, and accordingly, the Company believes that it is not probable that a loss has occurred and it is not possible to estimate the range of potential loss with respect to the case. 
  Litigation seeking damages from alleged personal injury  .   The Company and other companies are defendants in a number of legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief from alleged personal injuries. These proceedings include claims by children allegedly injured from ingestion of lead pigment or lead-containing paint and claims for damages allegedly incurred by the children s parents or guardians. These proceedings generally seek compensatory and punitive damages, and seek other relief including medical monitoring costs. These proceedings include purported claims by individuals, groups of individuals and class actions. 
  The plaintiff in Thomas v. Lead Industries Association, et al., initiated an action in state court against the Company, other alleged former lead pigment manufacturers and the Lead Industries Association in September 1999. The claims against the Company and the other defendants included strict liability, negligence, negligent misrepresentation and omissions, fraudulent misrepresentation and omissions, concert of action, civil conspiracy and enterprise liability. Implicit within these claims is the theory of  risk contribution  liability (Wisconsin s theory which is similar to market share liability, except that liability can be joint and several) due to the plaintiff s inability to identify the manufacturer of any product that allegedly injured the plaintiff. The case ultimately proceeded to trial and, on November 5, 2007, the jury returned a defense verdict, finding that the plaintiff had ingested white lead carbonate, but was not brain damaged or injured as a result. The plaintiff appealed and, on December 16, 2010, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals affirmed the final judgment in favor of the Company and other defendants. 
  Wisconsin is the only jurisdiction to date to apply a theory of liability with respect to alleged personal injury (i.e., risk contribution/market share liability) that does not require the plaintiff to identify the manufacturer of the product that allegedly injured the plaintiff in the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation. Although the risk contribution liability theory was applied during the Thomas trial, the constitutionality of this theory as applied to the lead pigment cases has not been judicially determined by the Wisconsin state courts. However, in an unrelated action filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin, Gibson v. American Cyanamid, et al., on November 15, 2010, the District Court held that Wisconsin s risk contribution theory as applied in that case violated the defendants  right to substantive due process and is unconstitutionally retroactive. The District Court's decision in Gibson v. American Cyanamid, et al., was appealed by the plaintiff to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. On July 24, 2014, the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit reversed the judgment and remanded the case back to the District Court for further proceedings. On January 16, 2015, the defendants filed a petition for certiorari in the United States Supreme Court seeking that Court's review of the Seventh Circuit's decision, and on May 18, 2015, the United States Supreme Court denied the defendants' petition. The case is currently pending in the District Court. Also, in Yasmine Clark v. The Sherwin-Williams Company, et al., the Wisconsin Circuit Court, Milwaukee County, on March 25, 2014, held that the application to a pending case of Section 895.046 of the Wisconsin Statutes (which clarifies the application of the risk contribution theory) is unconstitutional as a violation of the plaintiff s right to due process of law under the Wisconsin Constitution. On August 21, 2014, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals granted defendants' petition to hear the issue as an interlocutory appeal. On September 29, 2015, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals certified the appeal to the Wisconsin Supreme Court for its determination. Oral argument before the Wisconsin Supreme Court occurred on April 5, 2016. On April 15, 2016, the Wisconsin Supreme Court published its decision, deciding in a 3 to 3 split decision to remand the case back to the Wisconsin Court of Appeals for its consideration. The Wisconsin Court of Appeals dismissed the appeal on September 20, 2016 and remanded the case back to the Wisconsin Circuit Court for further proceedings. 
  Insurance coverage litigation  .   The Company and its liability insurers, including certain underwriters at Lloyd s of London, initiated legal proceedings against each other to primarily determine, among other things, whether the costs and liabilities associated with the abatement of lead pigment are covered under certain insurance policies issued to the Company. The Company s action, filed on March 3, 2006 in the Common Pleas Court, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, is currently stayed and inactive. The liability insurers  action, which was filed on February 23, 2006 in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, has been dismissed. An ultimate loss in the insurance coverage litigation would mean that insurance proceeds could be unavailable under the policies at issue to mitigate any ultimate abatement related costs and liabilities. The Company has not recorded any assets related to these insurance policies or otherwise assumed that proceeds from these insurance policies would be received in estimating any contingent liability accrual. Therefore, an ultimate loss in the insurance coverage litigation without a determination of liability against the Company in the lead pigment or lead-based paint litigation will have no impact on the Company s results of operation, liquidity or financial condition. As previously stated, however, the Company has not accrued any amounts for the lead pigment or lead-based paint litigation and any significant liability ultimately determined to be attributable to the Company relating to such litigation may result in a material impact on the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued. 

12 

Litigation related to Consorcio Comex.   As previously disclosed, the Company entered into a definitive Stock Purchase Agreement (as subsequently amended and restated, the  Purchase Agreement ), with Avisep, S.A. de C.V. ( Avisep ) and Bevisep, S.A. de C.V. ( Bevisep ) to, among other things, acquire the Mexico business of Consorcio Comex, S.A. de C.V. (the "Acquisition"). Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, either the Company or Avisep and Bevisep had the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement in the event that the closing of the Acquisition did not occur on or prior to March 31, 2014 and such party was not in material breach of the Purchase Agreement. 
    
  On April 3, 2014, the Company sent notice to Avisep and Bevisep that the Company was terminating the Purchase Agreement. On April 3, 2014, the Company filed a complaint for declaratory judgment in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, requesting the court to declare that the Company had used commercially reasonable efforts as required under the Purchase Agreement and has not breached the Purchase Agreement. On August 7, 2014, the case was removed by Avisep and Bevisep to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. On September 24, 2014, Avisep and Bevisep filed a motion to dismiss the case, including for lack of personal jurisdiction. Oral argument on the motion to dismiss before the District Court occurred on January 27, 2016. On January 29, 2016, the District Court entered a judgment dismissing the case without prejudice for lack of personal jurisdiction. On April 11, 2014, Avisep and Bevisep initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Company in the International Court of Arbitration contending that the Company breached the Purchase Agreement by terminating the Purchase Agreement and not utilizing commercially reasonable efforts under the Purchase Agreement, which allegedly caused Avisep and Bevisep to incur damages. On June 1, 2015, Avisep and Bevisep filed their statement of claim in the arbitration alleging damages of approximately   $85 million  . On August 31, 2015, the Company filed its memorial in support of its statement of defense in the arbitration. A hearing on the merits before an arbitration tribunal commenced on April 11, 2016 and ended on April 19, 2016. On June 27, 2016, the arbitration tribunal issued its final award finding that the Company did not breach its duty to act in good faith under the Purchase Agreement, did not breach the Purchase Agreement by failing to use commercially reasonable efforts under the Purchase Agreement, and did not wrongfully terminate the Purchase Agreement. In addition, the arbitration tribunal found that the Company breached the Purchase Agreement by filing the complaint for declaratory judgment in the Supreme Court of the State of New York and ordered the Company to pay Avisep s and Bevisep s costs of defending such action in the amount of   $0.5 million  , plus interest. The parties were ordered to share the costs of the arbitration and be responsible for their own costs, including attorneys  fees and expenses. 
   
  NOTE 10 OTHER 
  Other general expense - net    
  Included in   Other general expense - net   were the following: 

Provisions for environmental matters - net represent site-specific increases or decreases to environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated and as additional accounting guidelines are issued. Environmental-related accruals are not recorded net of insurance proceeds in accordance with the Offsetting Subtopic of the Balance Sheet Topic of the ASC. See Note 8 for further details on the Company s environmental-related activities. 
  The   loss (gain)   on disposition of assets represents net realized   losses (gains)   associated with the disposal of fixed assets previously used in the conduct of the primary business of the Company. 
  
   13 

Other (income) expense - net    
  Included in   Other (income) expense - net   were the following: 

Foreign currency transaction related losses   represent net realized   losses   on U.S. dollar-denominated liabilities of foreign subsidiaries and net realized and unrealized   losses   from foreign currency option and forward contracts. There were   no   material foreign currency option and forward contracts outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  Other income and Other expense included items of revenue, gains, expenses and losses that were unrelated to the primary business purpose of the Company. There were no other items within the other income or other expense caption that were individually significant. 
   
  NOTE 11 INCOME TAXES 
  The effective tax rate was   27.8 percent   and   28.0 percent   for the   third quarter   and first   nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared to   32.0 percent   and   31.6 percent   for the   third quarter   and first   nine months   of   2015  , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the Company's adoption of ASU No. 2016-09. 
  As disclosed in Note 2, during the second quarter of 2016, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-09  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  Therefore, effective January 1, 2016, excess tax benefits for share-based payments are recognized in the income tax provision rather than in additional paid-in capital. The impact on the Company's financial statements for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   is summarized below: 

At   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   $33.9 million   in unrecognized tax benefits, the recognition of which would have an effect of   $30.0 million   on the current provision for income taxes. Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at   December 31, 2015   was   $3.5 million   related to tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts could significantly change during the next twelve months. This amount represents a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits comprised primarily of items related to federal audits of partnership investments and expiring statutes in foreign and state jurisdictions. 
  The Company classifies all income tax related interest and penalties as income tax expense. At   December 31, 2015  , the Company had accrued   $8.6 million   for the potential payment of income tax interest and penalties. 
  There were   no   significant changes to any of the balances of unrecognized tax benefits at   December 31, 2015   during the first   nine months   of   2016  . 
  The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state and foreign jurisdictions. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were no examinations being conducted by the IRS, however, the statute of limitations has not expired for the 2013, 2014 and 2015 tax years. 
  
   14 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company is subject to non-U.S. income tax examinations for the tax years of 2008 through 2015. In addition, the Company is subject to state and local income tax examinations for the tax years 2005 through 2015. 
   
  NOTE 12 NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE 

Prior to 2016, the Company used the   two  -class method of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share as time-based restricted shares were considered a separate class of participating securities since they received non-forfeitable dividends. The time-based restricted shares represented less than   1%   of outstanding shares, and therefore the difference between basic and diluted earnings per share under the two-class method and treasury stock method was not significant. Starting in 2016, there will be no additional grants of time-based restricted shares. Accordingly, 2016 basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated using the treasury stock method, and the 2015 calculations are presented under the treasury stock method for comparability.  
  See Note 11 for the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09, "Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting" on basic and diluted net income per common share. 
   
  NOTE 13 REPORTABLE SEGMENT INFORMATION 
  The Company reports segment information in the same way that management internally organizes its business for assessing performance and making decisions regarding allocation of resources in accordance with the Segment Disclosures Topic of the ASC. The Company has determined that it has   four   reportable operating segments: Paint Stores Group, Consumer Group, Global Finishes Group and Latin America Coatings Group (individually, a "Reportable Segment" and collectively, the  Reportable Segments ). 

15 

In the reportable segment financial information, Segment profit was total net sales and intersegment transfers less operating costs and expenses. Domestic intersegment transfers were accounted for at the approximate fully absorbed manufactured cost,  
  
   16 

based on normal capacity volumes, plus customary distribution costs. International intersegment transfers were accounted for at values comparable to normal unaffiliated customer sales. The Administrative segment includes the administrative expenses of the Company s corporate headquarters site. Also included in the Administrative segment was interest expense, interest and investment income, certain expenses related to closed facilities and environmental-related matters, and other expenses which were not directly associated with the Reportable Segments. The Administrative segment did not include any significant foreign operations. Also included in the Administrative segment was a real estate management unit that is responsible for the ownership, management and leasing of non-retail properties held primarily for use by the Company, including the Company s headquarters site, and disposal of idle facilities. Sales of this segment represented external leasing revenue of excess headquarters space or leasing of facilities no longer used by the Company in its primary businesses. Gains and losses from the sale of property were not a significant operating factor in determining the performance of the Administrative segment. 
  Net external sales and segment profit of all consolidated foreign subsidiaries were   $439.6 million   and   $19.6 million  , respectively, for the   third quarter   of   2016  , and   $441.2 million   and   $14.3 million  , respectively, for the   third quarter   of   2015  . Net external sales and segment profit of these subsidiaries were   $1.295 billion   and   $46.8 million  , respectively, for the first   nine months   of   2016     and     $1.374 billion     and     $55.0 million  , respectively, for the first     nine months   of   2015  .   Long-lived assets of these subsidiaries totaled   $504.4 million   and   $491.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. Domestic operations accounted for the remaining net external sales, segment profits and long-lived assets. No single geographic area outside the United States was significant relative to consolidated net external sales, income before taxes, or consolidated long-lived assets. 
  Export sales and sales to any individual customer were each   less than 10 percent of consolidated sales to unaffiliated customers   during all periods presented. 
   
  NOTE 14     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
  The Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the ASC applies to the Company s financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. The guidance applies when other standards require or permit the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities. It does not expand the use of fair value measurements. The Company did not have any fair value measurements for its non-financial assets and liabilities during the   third quarter  . The following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, categorized using the fair value hierarchy: 

(1)   
    The deferred compensation plan asset consists of the investment funds maintained for the future payments under the Company s executive deferred compensation plan, which is structured as a rabbi trust. The investments are marketable securities accounted for under the Debt and Equity Securities Topic of the ASC. The level 1 investments are valued using quoted market prices multiplied by the number of shares. The level 2 investments are valued based on vendor or broker models. The cost basis of the investment funds is   $25,792  . 
       
   (2)       The interest rate lock liability is measured at the present value of the expected future cash flows using market-based observable inputs. See Note 15.  
    
   (3)         The deferred compensation plan liability is the Company s liability under its executive deferred compensation plan. The liability represents the fair value of the participant shadow accounts, and the value is based on quoted market prices. 

17 

NOTE 15     DEBT 
  The table below summarizes the carrying amount and fair value of the Company s publicly traded debt and non-publicly traded debt in accordance with the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the ASC. The fair values of the Company s publicly traded debt are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of the Company s non-traded debt are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. The Company s publicly traded debt and non-traded debt are classified as level 1 and level 2, respectively, in the fair value hierarchy. 

In April 2016, the Company entered into a   $7.3 billion   bridge credit agreement (Bridge Loan) and a   $2.0 billion   term loan credit agreement (Term Loan) as committed financing for the Valspar acquisition as disclosed in Note 17.   No   balances were drawn against these facilities as of   September 30, 2016  . Debt issuance costs of   $65.1 million   related to these facilities were incurred and recorded in Other current assets. Of this amount,   $42.8 million   was amortized and included in Interest expense for   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . Periodic fees related to these facilities totaling   $7.1 million   were also included in interest expense for this period.  
  During the first six months of 2016, in anticipation of a probable issuance of new long-term fixed rate debt within the next twelve months, the Company entered into a series of interest rate lock agreements (collectively, the interest rate locks) on a combined notional amount of   $3.6 billion  . The objective of the interest rate locks is to hedge the variability in the future semi-annual payments on the anticipated debt attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate (U.S. Treasury) during the hedge periods. The future semi-annual interest payments are exposed to interest rate risk due to changes in the benchmark interest rate from the inception of the hedge to the time of issuance. The interest rate locks were evaluated for hedge accounting treatment and were designated as cash flow hedges. Therefore, the interest rate locks are recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and changes in fair value (to the extent effective) are recognized in Cumulative other comprehensive loss. Amounts recognized in Cumulative other comprehensive loss will be reclassified to Interest expense in periods following the settlement of the interest rate locks. The Company will evaluate hedge effectiveness each period until settlement. At   September 30, 2016  , an interest rate lock liability of   $157.3 million   was included in Other accruals, and the related pretax loss of   $157.3 million   was recognized in Cumulative other comprehensive loss. 
  In May 2016 and subsequently amended, the Company entered into a new   five  -year   $200.0 million   credit agreement. The credit agreement will be used for general corporate purposes. There were   no   borrowings outstanding under this credit agreement at September 30, 2016. 
   
  NOTE 16     NON-TRADED INVESTMENTS 
  The Company has invested in the U.S. affordable housing and historic renovation real estate markets. These non-traded investments have been identified as variable interest entities. However, because the Company does not have the power to direct the day-to-day operations of the investments and the risk of loss is limited to the amount of contributed capital, the Company is not considered the primary beneficiary. In accordance with the Consolidation Topic of the ASC, the investments are not consolidated. For affordable housing investments entered into prior to the January 1, 2015 adoption of ASU No. 2014-01, the Company uses the effective yield method to determine the carrying value of the investments. Under the effective yield method, the initial cost of the investments is amortized to income tax expense over the period that the tax credits are recognized. For affordable housing investments entered into on or after the January 1, 2015 adoption of ASU No. 2014-01, the Company uses the proportional amortization method. Under the proportional amortization method, the initial cost of the investments is amortized to income tax expense in proportion to the tax credits and other tax benefits received. The carrying amount of the affordable housing and historic renovation investments, included in Other assets, was   $245.7 million   and   $243.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The liability for estimated future capital contributions to the investments was   $189.9 million   and   $187.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  
   18 

NOTE 17     ACQUISITIONS 
  On March 19, 2016, the Company and the Valspar Corporation (Valspar) entered into a definitive agreement under which the Company will acquire Valspar for   $113   per share in an all cash transaction, or a value of approximately   $9.5 billion   and assumption of Valspar debt. The transaction is subject to certain conditions and regulatory approvals. If in connection with obtaining the required regulatory approvals, the parties are required to divest assets of Valspar or the Company representing, in the aggregate, more than   $650 million   in net sales, then the per share consideration will be   $105   in cash. The Company is not required to consummate the acquisition if regulatory authorities require the divestiture of assets of Valspar or the Company representing, in the aggregate, more than   $1.5 billion  . Valspar's architectural coatings assets in Australia are excluded from the calculation of the   $650 million   and/or   $1.5 billion   threshold if such assets are required to be divested. During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred SG A and interest expense of   $49.2 million   and   $49.9 million  , respectively, related to the anticipated acquisition of Valspar. See Note 15. The acquisition will expand Sherwin-Williams diversified array of brands and technologies, expand its global platform and add new capabilities in the packaging and coil segments.  

19 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND 
  ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   
  SUMMARY 
  The Sherwin-Williams Company, founded in 1866, and its consolidated wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ) are engaged in the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of paint, coatings and related products to professional, industrial, commercial and retail customers primarily in North and South America with additional operations in the Caribbean region, Europe and Asia. The Company is structured into four reportable segments Paint Stores Group, Consumer Group, Global Finishes Group and Latin America Coatings Group (collectively, the  Reportable Segments ) and an Administrative segment in the same way it is internally organized for assessing performance and making decisions regarding allocation of resources. See pages 8 through 17 and Note 18, on pages 72 through 75, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for more information concerning the Reportable Segments. 
  The Company s financial condition, liquidity and cash flow continued to be strong through the first   nine months   of   2016   primarily due to improved operating results in our Paint Stores, Consumer and Global Finishes Groups. Net working capital   increased     $564.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to the end of the   third quarter   of   2015   due to a significant increase in cash and other current assets only partially offset by   an increase   in current liabilities. Cash and cash equivalents   increased     $611.5 million   while other accruals increased   $194.6 million  , including costs associated with the anticipated acquisition of Valspar (Acquisition costs) totaling   $30.3 million   and an interest rate lock liability of   $157.3 million  . The Company has been able to arrange sufficient short-term borrowing capacity at reasonable rates, and the Company continues to have sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs. Net operating cash   improved     $64.0 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   to a cash   source   of   $966.5 million   from a cash   source   of   $902.5 million   in   2015   primarily due to an increase in net income and non-cash charges partially offset by increased cash used for working capital accounts and other assets and liabilities. Net income was increased by   $11.3 million   in the   third quarter   of   2016   and   $41.0 million   for the first   nine months   of   2016   from the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 in the second quarter of 2016. See Note 11 for more information. 
  Consolidated net sales   increased     4.0 percent   in the   third quarter   of   2016   to   $3.279 billion   from   $3.152 billion   in the   third quarter   of   2015   and   increased     3.9 percent   in the first   nine months   of   2016   to   $9.073 billion   from   $8.735 billion  . These increases were due primarily to higher paint sales volume in our Paint Stores Group and the impact of a change in revenue classification beginning in the third quarter related to grossing up third-party service revenue and related costs which were previously netted and immaterial in prior periods. Consolidated gross profit as a percent of consolidated net sales was flat in the   third quarter   of   2016   compared to   2015   at   49.9 percent   and   increased   in the first   nine months   to   50.0 percent   from   48.5 percent   due primarily to increased paint volume and improved operating efficiency partially offset by the impact of a change in revenue classification beginning in the third quarter related to grossing up third-party service revenue. Selling, general and administrative expenses (SG A)   increased   as a percent of consolidated net sales to   32.3 percent   from   31.5 percent   in the   third quarter   of   2015   and   increased   to   34.3 percent   from   33.5 percent   in the first   nine months   primarily due to timing of net new store openings and Acquisition costs. 
  Interest expense   increased     $27.1 million   in the   third quarter   of   2016   and   increased     $68.5 million   in the first   nine months   due to amortization of credit facility costs incurred in early 2016 and interest on debt issued in July 2015. The effective income tax rate for the   third quarter   of   2016   was   27.8 percent   compared to   32.0 percent   in   2015   and the rate for the first   nine months   of   2016   was   28.0 percent   compared to   31.6 percent   in   2015  . The decrease in the effective tax rate for the   third quarter   and first   nine months   of 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the Company's adoption of ASU No. 2016-09. Diluted net income per common share in the quarter   increased   to   $4.08   per share, including a   $.24   per share charge from Acquisition costs and amortization of credit facility costs incurred in 2016 partially offset by an increase of   $.09   per share related to a reduction in the income tax provision, from   $3.97   per share in   2015  . Diluted net income per common share in   nine months     increased   to   $9.85   per share, including a   $.64   per share charge from Acquisition costs and amortization of credit facility costs incurred in 2016 partially offset by an increase of   $.37   per share related to a reduction in the income tax provision, from   $9.03   per share in   2015  .  
   
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
  The preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated unaudited interim financial statements and accompanying notes included in this report are the responsibility of management. The financial statements and footnotes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial statements and contain certain amounts that were based upon management s best estimates, judgments and assumptions that were believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management considered the impact of the uncertain economic environment and utilized certain outside sources of economic information when developing the basis for their estimates and assumptions. The impact of the global economic conditions on the estimates and assumptions used by management was believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management used assumptions based on historical results, considering the current economic trends, and other assumptions to  
  
   20 

form the basis for determining appropriate carrying values of assets and liabilities that were not readily available from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Also, materially different amounts may result under materially different conditions, materially different economic trends or from using materially different assumptions. However, management believes that any materially different amounts resulting from materially different conditions or material changes in facts or circumstances are unlikely to significantly impact the current valuation of assets and liabilities that were not readily available from other sources. 
  A comprehensive discussion of the Company s critical accounting policies and management estimates and significant accounting policies followed in the preparation of the financial statements is included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Note 1, on pages 44 through 47, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . There have been no significant changes in critical accounting policies, management estimates or accounting policies followed since the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CASH FLOW 
  Overview 
  The Company s financial condition, liquidity and cash flow continued to be strong through the first   nine months   of   2016   primarily due to improved operating results in our Paint Stores, Consumer and Global Finishes Groups. Net working capital   increased     $564.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to the end of the   third quarter   of   2015   due to a significant increase in cash and other current assets partially offset by   an increase   in current liabilities. Cash and cash equivalents   increased     $611.5 million  , accounts receivable   increased   $44.1 million  , and inventories   increased     $59.7 million  . Accounts payable   increased     $8.0 million   and other accruals   increased     $194.6 million   from   September 30, 2015  , including Acquisition costs totaling   $30.3 million   and an interest rate lock liability of   $157.3 million  . Accrued taxes and compensation and taxes withheld liabilities added together also increased slightly primarily due to timing. Short-term borrowings   increased     $13.5 million   and long-term debt   increased     $2.6 million  . In April 2016, the Company entered into a   $7.3 billion   bridge credit agreement (Bridge Loan) and a   $2.0 billion   term loan credit agreement (Term Loan) as committed financing for the Valspar acquisition (Valspar) as disclosed in Note 17. No balances were drawn against these facilities as of   September 30, 2016  . Debt issuance costs of   $65.1 million   related to these facilities were incurred and recorded in Other current assets. Of this amount,   $42.8 million   was amortized and included in Interest expense for   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . The Company continues to maintain sufficient short-term borrowing capacity at reasonable rates, and the Company has sufficient cash on hand and total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs. In the first   nine months   of   2016  , cash and cash equivalents   increased     $496.8 million  , accounts receivable   increased     $343.8 million   and inventories   increased     $94.0 million   when normal seasonal trends typically require significant growth in these categories. Accounts payable   increased     $66.8 million   and other accruals   increased     $192.1 million  , including Acquisition costs and credit facility costs totaling   $30.3 million   and an interest rate lock liability of   $157.3 million  . Short-term borrowings   increased     $10.9 million  . Accrued taxes   increased     $64.0 million   and compensation and taxes withheld liabilities   increased     $41.6 million   both primarily due to timing. The Company s current ratio was   1.47   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   1.27   at   September 30, 2015   and   1.24   at   December 31, 2015  . Total debt at   September 30, 2016     increased     $14.6 million   to   $1.962 billion   from   $1.947 billion   at   September 30, 2015   and   decreased   as a percentage of total capitalization to   55.1 percent   from   66.6 percent   at the end of the   third quarter   last year. Total debt   increased     $11.8 million   from   December 31, 2015   and   decreased   as a percentage of total capitalization from   69.2 percent   to   55.1 percent  . At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had remaining short-term borrowing ability of   $2.278 billion  . Net operating cash   improved     $64.0 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   to a cash   source   of   $966.5 million   from a cash   source   of   $902.5 million   in   2015  . In the twelve month period from   October 1, 2015   through   September 30, 2016  , the Company   generated   net operating cash of   $1.511 billion  . 
  Net Working Capital, Debt and Other Long-Term Assets and Liabilities 
  Cash and cash equivalents   increased     $496.8 million   during the first   nine months   of   2016  . Cash and cash equivalents on hand funded cash requirements for increased sales and normal seasonal increases in working capital, capital expenditures of   $173.1 million  , and payments of cash dividends of   $233.9 million  . At   September 30, 2016  , the Company s current ratio was   1.47   compared to   1.24   at   December 31, 2015   and   1.27   a year ago. The increase from a year ago resulted primarily from the increase in cash and cash equivalents. 
  Goodwill and intangible assets   increased     $1.2 million   from   December 31, 2015   and   decreased     $11.9 million   from   September 30, 2015  . The net   increase   during the first   nine months   of   2016   was primarily due to capitalized software additions partially offset by amortization. The net   decrease   over the twelve month period from   September 30, 2015   was primarily due to amortization and foreign currency translation partially offset by capitalized software additions. See Note 4, on pages 50 and 51, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for more information concerning goodwill and intangible assets. 
  
   21 

Deferred pension assets   increased     $1.2 million   during the first   nine months   of   2016   and   decreased     $6.1 million   from   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in the last twelve months was due to decreases in the fair market value of equity securities held by the Company s defined benefit pension plans partially offset by decreased projected benefit obligations resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions. See Note 6, on pages 54 through 59, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for more information concerning the Company s benefit plan assets. 
  Other assets at   September 30, 2016     increased     $43.4 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   primarily due to affordable housing and historic renovation investments and   decreased     $7.6 million   from a year ago primarily due to decreased long-term deposits partially offset by increased affordable housing and historic renovation investments and other investments. 
  Net property, plant and equipment   increased     $42.1 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   and   increased     $68.8 million   in the twelve months since   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in the first   nine months   was primarily due to capital expenditures of   $173.1 million   and changes in currency translation rates of   $2.5 million   partially offset by depreciation expense of   $128.3 million   and sale or disposition of fixed assets of   $5.5 million  . Since   September 30, 2015  , capital expenditures of   $249.5 million   were partially offset by depreciation expense of   $171.7 million  , dispositions or sale of assets with remaining net book value of   $6.1 million   and changes in currency translation rates of   $3.2 million  . Capital expenditures during the first   nine months   of   2016   primarily represented expenditures associated with improvements and normal equipment replacement in manufacturing and distribution facilities in the Consumer Group, normal equipment replacement in the Paint Stores and Global Finishes Groups, and information systems hardware in the Administrative Segment. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , there were no borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program and short-term borrowings under the Company's global five-year $1.350 billion credit agreement were   $22.5 million   with a weighted average interest rate of   0.9 percent  . Short-term borrowings under various other foreign programs were   $27.9 million   with a weighted average interest rate of   14.9 percent  . The Company had unused capacity of   $1.328 billion   at   September 30, 2016   under the credit agreement. In April 2016, the Company entered into a   $7.3 billion   Bridge Loan and a   $2.0 billion   Term Loan as committed financing for the Valspar acquisition as disclosed in Note 17. No balances were drawn against these facilities as of   September 30, 2016  . During the first six months of 2016, in anticipation of a probable issuance of new long-term fixed rate debt, the Company entered into a series of interest rate lock agreements (collectively, the interest rate locks) on a combined notional amount of   $3.6 billion  . The objective of the interest rate locks is to hedge the variability in the future semi-annual payments on the anticipated debt attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate (U.S. Treasury) during the hedge periods. The future semi-annual interest payments are exposed to interest rate risk due to changes in the benchmark interest rate from the inception of the hedge to the time of issuance. The interest rate locks were evaluated for hedge accounting treatment and were designated as cash flow hedges. Therefore, the interest rate locks are recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and changes in fair value (to the extent effective) are recognized in Cumulative other comprehensive loss. Amounts recognized in Cumulative other comprehensive loss will be reclassified to Interest expense in periods following the settlement of the interest rate locks. The Company will evaluate hedge effectiveness each period until settlement. At   September 30, 2016  , an interest rate lock liability of   $157.3 million   was included in Other accruals, and the related pretax loss of   $157.3 million   was recognized in Cumulative other comprehensive loss. In May 2016 and subsequently amended, the Company entered into a new five-year   $200.0 million   credit agreement. The credit agreement will be used for general corporate purposes. There were no borrowings outstanding under this credit agreement at   September 30, 2016  . See Note 7, on page 60, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for more information concerning the Company s debt. 
  Long-term liabilities for postretirement benefits other than pensions did not change significantly from   December 31, 2015   and   decreased     $27.1 million   from   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in the liability was due to the   decrease   in the actuarially determined postretirement benefit obligation resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions. See Note 6, on pages 54 through 59, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for more information concerning the Company s benefit plan obligations. 
  Other long-term liabilities at   September 30, 2016     increased     $27.6 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   primarily due to increased environmental provisions and an increase in long-term commitments related to affordable housing and historic renovation real estate properties partially offset by a decrease in non-current deferred tax liabilities, and   increased     $10.0 million   from a year ago primarily due to an increase in accruals for extended environmental-related liabilities. 
  Environmental-Related Liabilities 
  The operations of the Company, like those of other companies in the same industry, are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations not only govern current operations and products, but also impose potential liability on the Company for past operations. Management expects environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon the Company and the industry in the future. Management believes that the  
  
   22 

Company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance. 
  Depreciation of capital expenditures and other expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were included in the normal operating expenses of conducting business. The Company s capital expenditures, depreciation and other expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were not material to the Company s financial condition, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations during the first   nine months   of   2016  . Management does not expect that such capital expenditures, depreciation and other expenses will be material to the Company s financial condition, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations in   2016  . See Note 8 for further information on environmental-related long-term liabilities. 
  Contractual Obligations, Commercial Commitments and Warranties 
  Short-term borrowings   increased     $10.9 million   to   $50.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $39.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Total long-term debt   increased     $1.0 million   to   $1.911 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   $1.910 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , and   increased     $1.1 million   from   $1.910 billion   at   September 30, 2015  . On March 19, 2016, the Company and Valspar entered into a definitive agreement under which the Company will acquire Valspar for   $113   per share in an all cash transaction. The transaction is subject to certain conditions and regulatory approvals. See Note 17 for more information. During the first   nine months   of   2016  , in anticipation of a probable issuance of new long-term fixed rate debt, the Company entered into a series of interest rate lock agreements on a combined notional amount of   $3.6 billion  . See Note 15 for more information. There have been no other significant changes to the Company s contractual obligations and commercial commitments in the   third quarter   of   2016   as summarized in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Changes to the Company s accrual for product warranty claims in the first   nine months   of   2016   are disclosed in Note 5. 
  Litigation 
  See Note 9 for information concerning litigation. 
  Shareholders  Equity 
  Shareholders  equity   increased     $729.9 million   to   $1.598 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   $867.9 million   at   December 31, 2015   and   increased     $621.6 million   from   $976.2 million   at   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in Shareholders  equity for the first   nine months   of   2016   resulted primarily from net income of   $929.7 million  ,   an increase   in Other capital of   $120.8 million  , resulting primarily from stock option exercises, partially offset by   an increase   in Cumulative other comprehensive loss of   $71.1 million   and cash dividends paid on common stock of   $233.9 million  . Since   September 30, 2015  , net income of   $1.128 billion   and   an increase   in Other capital of   $164.1 million   more than offset purchases of treasury stock for   $269.2 million  , cash dividends paid on common stock of   $296.3 million  , and   an increase   in Cumulative other comprehensive loss of   $88.8 million   in twelve months. During the first   nine months   of   2016  , the Company did not purchase any shares of its common stock for treasury purposes through open market purchases. The Company purchased   1.00 million   shares of its common stock since   September 30, 2015   for treasury. The Company acquires its common stock for general corporate purposes, and depending on its cash position and market conditions, it may acquire additional shares in the future. The Company had remaining authorization at   September 30, 2016   to purchase   11.65 million   shares of its common stock. In February 2016, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend from   $.67   per common share to   $.84   per common share. This quarterly dividend will result in an annual dividend for   2016   of   $3.36   per common share or a   30.1 percent   payout of   2015   diluted net income per common share. 
  Cash Flow 
  Net operating cash   improved     $64.0 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   to a cash   source   of   $966.5 million   from a cash   source   of   $902.5 million   in   2015   primarily due to an increase in net income and non-cash charges partially offset by increased cash used for working capital accounts and other assets and liabilities. Net income was increased by   $41.0 million   from the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 in the second quarter of 2016. See Note 11 for more information. Net investing cash   usage     increased     $74.9 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   to a   usage   of   $236.7 million   from a   usage   of   $161.8 million   in   2015   primarily due to increased cash used for other investments and higher capital expenditures. Net financing cash usage decreased   $435.7 million   to a   usage   of   $235.7 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   from a   usage   of   $671.4 million   in   2015   primarily due to   decreases   in treasury stock purchases of   $766.1 million   partially offset by   increased   net payments related to total debt and debt issuance costs of   $218.7 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016  . In the twelve month period from   October 1, 2015   through   September 30, 2016  , the Company generated net operating cash of   $1.511 billion  ,   used     $363.6 million   in investing activities and   used     $544.7 million   in financing activities. In that same period, the Company invested   $249.5 million   in  
  
   23 

capital additions and improvements, paid   $296.3 million   in cash dividends to its shareholders of common stock, purchased   $269.2 million   in treasury stock, and   increased   short-term borrowings by   $10.6 million  . 
  Market Risk 
  The Company is exposed to market risk associated with interest rate, foreign currency and commodity fluctuations. The Company occasionally utilizes derivative instruments as part of its overall financial risk management policy, but does not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. In the first six   months   of   2016  , the Company entered into forward currency exchange contracts with maturity dates of less than twelve months to hedge against value changes in foreign currency. The Company believes it may be exposed to continuing market risk from foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations. However, the Company does not expect that foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations or hedging contract losses will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Financial Covenant 
  Certain borrowings contain a consolidated leverage covenant. The covenant states the Company s leverage ratio is not to exceed 3.50 to 1.00. The leverage ratio is defined as the ratio of total indebtedness (the sum of Short-term borrowings, Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt) at the reporting date to consolidated  Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization  (EBITDA) for the twelve month period ended on the same date. Refer to the  Results of Operations  caption below for a reconciliation of EBITDA to Net income. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with the covenant. The Company s Notes, Debentures and revolving credit agreements contain various default and cross-default provisions. In the event of default under any one of these arrangements, acceleration of the maturity of any one or more of these borrowings may result. See Note 7, on page 60, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for more information concerning the Company s debt and related covenant. 
   
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Shown below are net sales and income before taxes by segment for the   third quarter   and first   nine months  : 

Consolidated net sales   increased   in the   third quarter   and first   nine months   of   2016   due primarily to higher paint sales volume in our Paint Stores Group and the impact of a change in revenue classification beginning in the third quarter related to grossing up third-party service revenue and related costs which were previously netted and immaterial in prior periods. The change in revenue classification increased sales in the quarter and nine months   2.3 percent   and   0.8 percent  , respectively. This prospective change primarily impacts the Paint Stores and Global Finishes Groups. This change had no impact on operating profit, but  
  
   24 

reduced the operating margins of the affected Groups. Unfavorable currency translation rate changes   decreased   consolidated net sales   0.8 percent   in the quarter and   1.6 percent   in the first   nine months  . 
  Net sales of all consolidated foreign subsidiaries were   down     0.4 percent   to   $439.6 million   in the quarter and   down     5.8 percent   to   $1.295 billion   in the first   nine months   versus   $441.2 million   and   $1.374 billion   in the same periods last year. The   decrease   in net sales for all consolidated foreign subsidiaries in the quarter and first   nine months   was due primarily to a   5.7 percent     negative   impact and a   9.6 percent     negative   impact of foreign translation rate changes, respectively. Net sales of all operations other than consolidated foreign subsidiaries were   up     4.7 percent   to   $2.840 billion   in the quarter and   up     5.7 percent   to   $7.778 billion   in the first   nine months   as compared to   $2.711 billion   and   $7.360 billion   in the same periods last year. 
  Net sales in the Paint Stores Group   increased   in the   third quarter   and first   nine months   due primarily to higher architectural paint sales volume and the impact of the change in revenue classification. Net sales from stores open for more than twelve calendar months, excluding the change in revenue classification,   increased     2.1 percent   in the quarter and   increased     5.2 percent   in the first   nine months   compared to last year s comparable periods. Sales of non-paint products, excluding the change in revenue classification,   increased   by   3.3 percent   over last year's   third quarter   and   increased   by   6.1 percent   over last year's first   nine months  . A discussion of changes in volume versus pricing for sales of products other than paint is not pertinent due to the wide assortment of general merchandise sold. Net sales of the Consumer Group   decreased   in the   third quarter   primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency translation rate changes and lower volume sales to most of the Group s retail and commercial customers, and increased in the first   nine months  , due primarily to higher volume sales to most of the Group's retail customers partially offset by unfavorable currency translation rate changes. Net sales in the Global Finishes Group stated in U.S. dollars   decreased   in the   third quarter   and first   nine months   due primarily to   unfavorable   currency translation rate changes, which   decreased   net sales by   1.5 percent   in the quarter and   2.9 percent   in the first   nine months  . Net sales in the Latin America Coatings Group stated in U.S. dollars   increased   in the   third quarter   primarily due to selling price increases partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation rate changes and volume declines. First   nine months   net sales   decreased   due primarily to unfavorable currency translation rate changes and volume declines partially offset by selling price increases. Currency translation rate changes   decreased   net sales by   8.2 percent   in the quarter and   decreased   net sales by   15.7 percent   in the first   nine months  . Net sales in the Administrative segment, which primarily consist of external leasing revenue of excess headquarters space and leasing of facilities no longer used by the Company in its primary business, were essentially flat in the   third quarter   and first   nine months  . 
  Consolidated gross profit   increased     $61.7 million   in the   third quarter   and   increased     $296.8 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  . As a percent of sales, consolidated gross profit was flat at   49.9 percent   in the quarter and in the   third quarter   of   2015   and   improved   to   50.0 percent   in the first   nine months   of   2016   from   48.5 percent   last year. The percent to sales and dollar   increases   were primarily due to increased paint sales volume. 
  The Paint Stores Group s gross profit was   higher   than last year by   $59.8 million   in the   third quarter   and was   higher   than last year by   $298.7 million   in the first   nine months   due to higher paint sales volume. The Paint Stores Group s gross profit margins   decreased   in the quarter, primarily due to the impact of the change in revenue classification, and   increased   in the first   nine months   compared to the same period last year due to higher paint sales volume. The Consumer Group s gross profit   increased   by   $2.3 million   in the quarter and   increased   by   $17.8 million   in the first   nine months   compared to the same periods last year primarily due to improved manufacturing volumes and operating efficiency. The Consumer Group's gross profit margins   increased   as a percent of sales for the   third quarter   and first   nine months   compared to the same periods last year for those same reasons. The Global Finishes Group s gross profit   increased     $0.1 million   in the   third quarter   and   increased     $7.7 million   in the first   nine months   compared to the same periods last year, when stated in U.S. dollars, primarily due to decreasing raw material costs and good cost control partially offset by   unfavorable   currency translation rate changes. The Global Finishes Group s gross profit margins were   up   as a percent of sales in the quarter and   up   as a percent of sales in the first   nine months   compared to the same periods last year due primarily for those same reasons. The Latin America Coatings Group s gross profit   increased   by   $1.5 million   in the   third quarter   and   decreased   by   $24.3 million   in the first   nine months   from the same period in the prior year, when stated in U.S. dollars, primarily due to increasing raw material costs and unfavorable currency translation rate changes partially offset by selling price increases for the first   nine months  . The Administrative segment s gross profit   decreased   by   $2.0 million   in the   third quarter   and   decreased   by   $3.1 million   in the first   nine months   compared to the same period last year. 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses (SG A)   increased     $64.5 million   in the   third quarter   and   increased     $192.4 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   versus last year due primarily to increased expenses to support higher sales levels and net new store openings as well as the impact from expenses of   $13.6 million   in the quarter and   $49.2 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016   associated with the anticipated acquisition of Valspar. As a percent of sales, consolidated SG A   increased   slightly to   32.3 percent   in the quarter and   increased   to   34.3 percent   in the first   nine months   of   2016   from   31.5 percent   in the   third quarter   and   33.5 percent   in the first   nine months   of   2015   primarily due to those same reasons. 
  
   25 

The Paint Stores Group s SG A   increased     $47.9 million   in the   third quarter   and   increased     $133.9 million   in the first   nine months   due primarily to net new store openings and general comparable store expenses to support higher sales levels. The Consumer Group s SG A   decreased     $0.3 million   in the quarter and   increased     $11.0 million   in the first   nine months   compared to the same period last year primarily due to general expenses to support higher sales levels for the first   nine months  . The Global Finishes Group s SG A   decreased     $7.6 million   in the quarter and   decreased     $17.2 million   in the first   nine months   primarily due to currency translation rate changes. The Latin America Coatings Group s SG A   increased     $4.9 million   in the   third quarter   and   increased     $2.9 million   in the first   nine months   due to timing of spending. The Administrative segment s SG A   increased     $19.6 million   in the   third quarter   and   increased     $61.8 million   in the first   nine months   primarily due to costs associated with the anticipated acquisition of Valspar. 
  Interest expense   increased     $27.1 million   in the   third quarter   of   2016   and   increased     $68.5 million   in the first   nine months   due to amortization of credit facility costs incurred in 2016 and related servicing fees totaling   $23.2 million   in the   third quarter   and   $49.9 million   in the first   nine months  , respectively, and interest on debt issued in July 2015. 
  Other general expense net   decreased     $8.3 million   in the   third quarter   due to decreased provisions for environmental expenses and   increased     $3.7 million   in the first   nine months   primarily due to increased provisions for environmental expenses in the Administrative segment. 
  Other expense (income)  net   improved     $4.8 million   in the   third quarter   and   improved     $5.0 million   in the first   nine months   as compared to   2015   primarily due to increased miscellaneous income items. 
  Consolidated income before income taxes   decreased     $15.1 million   in the   third quarter  , due to higher expenses in the Administrative segment partially offset by higher segment profits in Paint Stores, Consumer and Global Finishes Groups. Consolidated income before income taxes   increased     $39.5 million   in the first   nine months   due to higher segment profits in Paint Stores, Consumer and Global Finishes Groups partially offset by higher expenses in the Administrative segment and lower segment profits in Latin America Coatings Groups. The Administrative segment incurred the costs associated with the anticipated acquisition of Valspar and amortization of credit facility costs incurred in 2016 and related servicing fees totaling   $36.8 million   and   $99.1 million   for the quarter and   nine months  , respectively. 
  The effective tax rate was   27.8 percent   and   28.0 percent   for the   third quarter   and first   nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared to   32.0 percent   and   31.6 percent   for the   third quarter   and first   nine months   of   2015  , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the Company's adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 during the second quarter of 2016 which lowered the income tax provision   $11.3 million   and   $41.0 million   for the   third quarter   and first   nine months   of   2016  , respectively. See Note 11 for more information. 
  Net income for the quarter   increased     $12.2 million   to   $386.7 million   from   $374.5 million   in the   third quarter   of   2015   and   increased     $73.8 million   to   $929.7 million   from   $855.8 million   in the first   nine months   of   2015  . Diluted net income per common share in the quarter   increased   to   $4.08   per share, compared to   $3.97   per share in   2015  .   Third   quarter   2016     earnings per share     includes a   $.24   per share charge from Acquisition costs and amortization of credit facility costs incurred in 2016 partially offset by an increase of   $.09   per share related to a reduction in the income tax provision. Diluted net income per common share in   nine months     increased   to   $9.85   per share compared to   $9.03   per share in   2015  . Earnings per share for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016     includes   a   $.64   per share charge from Acquisition costs and amortization of credit facility costs incurred in 2016 partially offset by an increase of   $.37   per share related to a reduction in the income tax provision. 
  Management considers a measurement that is not in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles a useful measurement of the operational profitability of the Company. Some investment professionals also utilize such a measurement as an indicator of the value of profits and cash that are generated strictly from operating activities, putting aside working capital and certain other balance sheet changes. For this measurement, management increases net income for significant non-operating and non-cash expense items to arrive at an amount known as  Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization  (EBITDA). The reader is cautioned that the following value for EBITDA should not be compared to other entities unknowingly. EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flows from operating activities as an indicator of operating performance or as a measure of liquidity. The reader should refer to the determination of net income and cash flows from operating activities in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles disclosed in the Statements of Consolidated Income and Comprehensive Income and Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. EBITDA as used by management is calculated as follows: 
  
   26 

27 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
    
  Certain statements contained in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere in this report constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements are based upon management s current expectations, estimates, assumptions and beliefs concerning future events and conditions and may discuss, among other things, anticipated future performance (including sales and earnings), expected growth, future business plans and the costs and potential liability for environmental-related matters and the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation. Any statement that is not historical in nature is a forward-looking statement and may be identified by the use of words and phrases such as "believe," "expect," "may," "will," "should," "project," "could," "plan," "goal," "potential," "seek," "intend" or "anticipate" or the negative thereof or comparable terminology. 
  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are necessarily subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside our control that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements and from our historical results and experience. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include such things as:  
             
    general business conditions, strengths of retail and manufacturing economies and the growth in the coatings industry;  
                
    legal, regulatory and other matters that may affect the timing of our ability to complete the planned acquisition of The Valspar Corporation, or Valspar, if at all, including the potential for regulatory authorities to require divestitures in connection with the proposed transaction; 
                
    our ability to successfully integrate past and future acquisitions into our existing operations, including Valspar, as well as the performance of the businesses acquired; 
                
    risks inherent in the achievement of cost synergies and the timing thereof for the planned acquisition of Valspar; 
                
    competitive factors, including pricing pressures and product innovation and quality; 
                
    changes in raw material and energy supplies and pricing; 
                
    changes in our relationships with customers and suppliers; 
                
    our ability to attain cost savings from productivity initiatives; 
                
    changes in general domestic economic conditions such as inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates, unemployment rates, higher labor and healthcare costs, recessions, and changing government policies, laws and regulations; 
                
    risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and our operations in Asia, Europe, South America and other foreign markets, including general economic conditions, inflation rates, recessions, foreign currency exchange rates, foreign investment and repatriation restrictions, legal and regulatory constraints, civil unrest and other external economic and political factors; 
                
    the achievement of growth in foreign markets, such as Asia, Europe and South America; 
                
    increasingly stringent domestic and foreign governmental regulations, including those affecting health, safety and the environment;  
                
    inherent uncertainties involved in assessing our potential liability for environmental-related activities; 
                
    other changes in governmental policies, laws and regulations, including changes in accounting policies and standards and taxation requirements (such as new tax laws and new or revised tax law interpretations); 
                
    the nature, cost, quantity and outcome of pending and future litigation and other claims, including the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, and the effect of any legislation and administrative regulations relating thereto; and 
                
    unusual weather conditions. 
     Readers are cautioned that it is not possible to predict or identify all of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect future results and that the above list should not be considered to be a complete list. Any forward-looking statement speaks only  
  
   28 

as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

29 

Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  The Company is exposed to market risk associated with interest rate, foreign currency and commodity fluctuations. The Company occasionally utilizes derivative instruments as part of its overall financial risk management policy, but does not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The Company enters into option and forward currency exchange contracts and commodity swaps to hedge against value changes in foreign currency and commodities. The Company believes it may experience continuing losses from foreign currency translation and commodity price fluctuations. However, the Company does not expect currency translation, transaction, commodity price fluctuations or hedging contract losses to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. There were no material changes in the Company s exposure to market risk since the disclosure included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,   2015  . 
  
   30 

Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 and Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ). Based upon that evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and accumulated and communicated to our management including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   31 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.   Legal Proceedings  . 
  For information with respect to certain environmental-related matters and legal proceedings, see the information included under the captions entitled  Environmental-Related Liabilities  and  Litigation  of  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and Notes 8 and 9 of the  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements,  which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   32 

Item1A.   Risk Factors 
  A discussion of our risk factors can be found in Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. The information below includes additional risks relating to our previously announced plans to acquire The Valspar Corporation, or Valspar. The risks described below and in other documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
  Our planned acquisition of Valspar may not occur at all, may not occur in the expected time frame or may involve the divestiture of certain businesses, which may negatively affect the trading prices of our stock and our future business and financial results.  
  On March 19, 2016, we and Viking Merger Sub, Inc., one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, which we refer to as Merger Sub, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, or Merger Agreement, with Valspar, pursuant to which, among other things and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of specified conditions, Merger Sub will merge with and into Valspar. As a result of the planned acquisition of Valspar, Merger Sub will cease to exist, and Valspar will survive as a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. 
  Completion of the planned acquisition of Valspar is not assured and is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions, including, among others: the adoption of the Merger Agreement by Valspar s stockholders; the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended; and the receipt of other required antitrust approvals. 
  The planned acquisition of Valspar is subject to risks and uncertainties, including the risk that the necessary regulatory approvals will not be obtained, the risk that the parties to the Merger Agreement may be required to divest certain businesses or assets in connection with the planned acquisition or that other closing conditions will not be satisfied. For example, in connection with obtaining the required regulatory approvals, the Company and/or Valspar may be required to divest assets of their respective businesses. We are not required to consummate the planned acquisition of Valspar if antitrust authorities require the divestiture of assets of Valspar or us representing, in the aggregate, more than $1.5 billion in net sales, which for purposes of such calculation uses net sales for the applicable Valspar assets calculated as of October 30, 2015, with certain exclusions. In addition, if these divested businesses represent, in the aggregate, less than $1.5 billion in net sales but more than $650 million in net sales, which for purposes of such calculation uses net sales for the applicable Valspar assets calculated as of October 30, 2015 (subject to certain exclusions), then the per share consideration paid to Valspar stockholders in connection with the planned acquisition will be $105 in cash instead of $113 in cash. If the planned acquisition of Valspar is not completed, if there are significant delays in completing the planned acquisition or if the planned acquisition involves the divestiture of certain businesses, it could negatively affect the trading prices of our common stock and our future business and financial results and could result in our failure to realize certain synergies relating to such acquisition.  
  Our obligation to complete the planned acquisition of Valspar is not subject to a financing condition.  
  Our obligation to complete the planned acquisition of Valspar is not subject to a financing condition. We have obtained committed financing for $9.3 billion to pay a substantial portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of Valspar. If any of the banks in the committed financing facilities are unable to perform their commitments, we may be required to finance a portion of the purchase price of the planned acquisition at interest rates higher than currently expected.  
  We may not realize the growth opportunities and cost synergies that are anticipated from the planned acquisition of Valspar.  
  The benefits that are expected to result from the planned acquisition of Valspar will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies as a result of the planned acquisition. Our success in realizing these growth opportunities and cost synergies, and the timing of this realization, depends on whether the Company or Valspar are required to divest assets of their respective business and on the successful integration of Valspar. There is a significant degree of difficulty and management distraction inherent in the process of integrating an acquisition as sizable as Valspar. The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, our and Valspar s activities. Members of our senior management may be required to devote considerable amounts of time to this integration process, which will decrease the time they will have to manage our company, service existing customers, attract new customers, and develop new products or strategies. If senior management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business could suffer. There can be no assurance that we will successfully or cost-effectively integrate Valspar. The failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  
  
   33 

Even if we are able to integrate Valspar successfully, this integration may not result in the realization of the full benefits of the growth opportunities and cost synergies that we currently expect from this integration, and we cannot guarantee that these benefits will be achieved within anticipated time frames or at all. For example, we may not be able to eliminate duplicative costs. Moreover, we may incur substantial expenses in connection with the integration of Valspar. While it is anticipated that certain expenses will be incurred to achieve cost synergies, such expenses are difficult to estimate accurately, and may exceed current estimates. Accordingly, the benefits from the planned acquisition may be offset by costs incurred to, or delays in, integrating the businesses. 
  We will incur a substantial amount of debt to complete the planned acquisition of Valspar. To service our debt, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. We also depend on the business of our subsidiaries to satisfy our cash needs. If we cannot generate the required cash, we may not be able to make the necessary payments required under our indebtedness. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had total debt of approximately   $2.0 billion  . We have the ability under our existing credit facilities to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, and we plan to incur significant additional indebtedness in the event we complete the planned acquisition of Valspar. We expect to incur up to $9.3 billion of debt to complete the acquisition of Valspar. Our ability to make payments on our debt, fund our other liquidity needs, and make planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. Our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make payments of our debt, fund other liquidity needs and make planned capital expenditures.  
  The degree to which we are currently leveraged and will be leveraged following the completion of the planned acquisition could have important consequences for shareholders. For example, it could: 
             
    require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
                
    increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions; 
                
    limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business; or 
                
    place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt. 
       
  Additionally, any failure to comply with covenants in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would have a material adverse effect on us. 
  A significant portion of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow for our needs is dependent to some extent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. Our subsidiaries have no obligation to pay any amounts due on our debt or to provide us with funds to meet our cash flow needs, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. In addition, any payment of dividends, loans or advances by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. Payments to us by our subsidiaries will also be contingent upon our subsidiaries  earnings and business considerations. Our right to receive any assets of any of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary s creditors, including trade creditors. In addition, even if we are a creditor of any of our subsidiaries, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of our subsidiaries and any indebtedness of our subsidiaries senior to that held by us. Finally, changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect the ability of some of our foreign subsidiaries to repatriate funds to us. 
  Our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire do not meet our expectations. 
  We have historically made strategic acquisitions of businesses in the paint and coatings industry and will likely acquire additional businesses in the future as part of our long-term growth strategy. The success of future acquisitions, including Valspar, depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions, particularly when the acquired businesses operate in new or foreign markets. In the event that we do not successfully integrate such future acquisitions into our existing operations so as to realize the expected return on our investment, our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
  
   34 

Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
    
  A summary of the repurchase activity for the Company s   third quarter   is as follows:    

(1)   
    All shares were purchased through the Company s publicly announced share repurchase program. There is no expiration date specified for the program. The Company had remaining authorization at   September 30, 2016   to purchase   11,650,000   shares. 
       
            (2)   
    All shares were delivered to satisfy the exercise price and/or tax withholding obligations by employees who exercised stock options or had shares of restricted stock vest. 

35 

Item 5.   Other Information  . 
  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company approved permitted non-audit services to be performed by Ernst   Young LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. These non-audit services were approved within categories related to domestic advisory tax and tax compliance services and international tax compliance. 
  
   36 

Item 6.   Exhibits. 

4.1 
    Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2016, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1 
    Schedule of Executive Officers who are Parties to the Amended and Restated Severance Agreements in the Forms Filed as Exhibit 10(e) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2010 (filed herewith). 

31(a) 
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 

31(b) 
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 

32(a) 
    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (furnished herewith). 

32(b) 
    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (furnished herewith). 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

37 

Signatures 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.    

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY 

October 26, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Allen J. Mistysyn 
        
    Allen J. Mistysyn 

Senior Vice President-Corporate Controller 

October 26, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Catherine M. Kilbane 
        
    Catherine M. Kilbane 

Senior Vice President, General 

Counsel and Secretary 

38 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
    
      Exhibit No. 
    Exhibit Description 
      4.1 
    Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2016, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1 
    Schedule of Executive Officers who are Parties to the Amended and Restated Severance Agreements in the Forms Filed as Exhibit 10(e) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2010 (filed herewith). 

31(a) 
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 

31(b) 
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 

32(a) 
    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (furnished herewith). 

32(b) 
    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (furnished herewith). 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

39 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 shw-2016930x10qxex101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.1 

Schedule of Executive Officers who are Parties 
  to the Amended and Restated Severance Agreements in the Forms Filed as 
  Exhibit 10(e) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K 
  For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2010 

Form A of Severance Agreement 
    
  Christopher M. Connor 
  John G. Morikis 
  Sean P. Hennessy 

Form B of Severance Agreement 
    
  Joel D. Baxter 
  Robert J. Davisson 
  Robert J. Wells 

Form C of Severance Pay Agreement 
    
  Thomas P. Gilligan 
  Catherine M. Kilbane 
  Allen J. Mistysyn 
  David B. Sewell 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.A>
 3
 shw-2016930x10qxexh31a.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.A

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31(a) 
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, John G. Morikis, certify that: 

1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Sherwin-Williams Company; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Date: 
    October 26, 2016 
      
    /s/ John G. Morikis 

John G. Morikis 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 4
 shw-2016930x10qxexh31b.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.B

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31(b) 
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Sean P. Hennessy, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Sherwin-Williams Company; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Date: 
    October 26, 2016 
      
    /s/ Sean P. Hennessy 

Sean P. Hennessy 

Senior Vice President-Finance and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 5
 shw-2016930x10qxexh32a.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.A

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32(a) 
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The Sherwin-Williams Company (the "Company") for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, John G. Morikis, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
  (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                     Dated: 
    October 26, 2016 
      
    /s/ John G. Morikis 

John G. Morikis 

President and Chief  
  Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The Sherwin-Williams Company and will be retained by The Sherwin-Williams Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 6
 shw-2016930x10qxexh32b.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.B

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32(b) 
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The Sherwin-Williams Company (the "Company") for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Sean P. Hennessy, Senior Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
  (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                     Dated: 
    October 26, 2016 
      
    /s/ Sean P. Hennessy 

Sean P. Hennessy 

Senior Vice President-Finance and Chief 
  Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The Sherwin-Williams Company and will be retained by The Sherwin-Williams Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 shw-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 shw-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 shw-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 shw-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 shw-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 shw-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

