<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1187953_0001144204-16-133341_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1926128</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175355</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>133374</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>395737</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>736733</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>433654</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>52</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133341.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110163814
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133341
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CREATIVE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001187953
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				870622284
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53500
		FILM NUMBER:		161988606

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2017 W PEORIA AVENUE
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85029
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(602) 680-7439

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2017 W PEORIA AVENUE
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85029

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JOLLEY MARKETING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020910

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133341.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v452531_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016  

Or 

For the transition period from _______________________to___________________________ 

Commission File Number:  000-53500  

Creative
Medical Technology Holdings, Inc.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(602) 680-7439  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports). 

  Yes
  x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

  Yes
  x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

  Yes
  x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  
      x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

  Yes
      No   x  

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock on November 10, 2016, was 102,113,750. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
       3   

Item 1. Financial Statements    
       3   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
       10   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
       12   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures         
       13   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    
       14   

Item 1A. Risk Factors    
       14   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    
      14   

Item 6. Exhibits    
       14   

SIGNATURES    
       15   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

CREATIVE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS, INC.  

  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

CREATIVE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS, INC.  

  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

CREATIVE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS, INC.  

  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

CREATIVE MEDICAL
TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS, INC.  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Organization     -  
Creative Medical Technologies, Inc. (the    Company    or    CMT   ) was incorporated
in the State of Nevada on December 30, 2015, and, subject to the reverse merger discussed below, elected December 31 as the Company s
year-end. The Company s activities to date have consisted of developing a business plan, raising capital through the issuance
of equity instruments and notes payable from a related party, and obtaining the rights via a license agreement to certain medical
technology. 

On May 18, 2016, the Company was acquired by
a public company, Creative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc. (formerly Jolley Marketing, Inc.) in a  reverse merger 
wherein the Company was recapitalized via the common stock of Jolley. 

Creative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc.,
formerly Jolley Marketing, Inc. (the   Public Company    or    CMTH   ) was incorporated on December
3, 1998, in Nevada. On May 18, 2016, the Public Company consummated an Agreement and Plan of Merger to acquire all of the outstanding
capital stock of CMT in a transaction which has been accounted for as a recapitalization of the Public Company as follows: 

a.  
      CMT advanced $25,000 for payment of accounts payable and an outstanding note payable at the closing;   

b.  
      The Public Company exchanged 97,000,000 newly issued shares of common stock for all CMT outstanding common stock (at the ratio of 6.466666 shares of Public Company common stock for each share of CMT);   

c.  
      As part of the acquisition, the Public Company purchased 15,100,000 shares of its previously outstanding common stock from an officer and director for $5,000, which shares were immediately cancelled following the purchase;   

d.  
      The shareholders of CMT acquired voting and operating control of the Public Company after the recapitalization; and   

e.  
      The financial operations of the Public Company, as reported after the merger, are the historical information of CMT.   

On September 14, 2016, CMT filed a certificate
of organization for Amniostem LLC, a Nevada limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of CMT. Amniostem, LLC 
was formed to create and/or license intellectual property in the area of amniotic fluid derived stem cells for therapeutic
applications.  With this company management intends to address what it believes are unmet medical needs through development
and commercialization of amniotic fluid stem cell based technologies. Management intends to seek in licensing opportunities as
well as create intellectual property in-house for this newly created entity.  

Use of Estimates    -  
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheet and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Basis of Presentation / Liquidity  
- The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared without audit. In the opinion of management,
all adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of
operations and cash flows at September 30, 2016, and for the three and nine month periods then ended have been made. Certain information
and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted. The operations for the three and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year. 

Going Concern -   The accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. However, during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred a net loss of $571,606, had negative cash flows from operating activities, had a
working capital deficit of $412,501 and had no revenue-generating activities. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability
of the Company to continue as a going concern. In this regard, management is proposing to raise any necessary additional funds
not provided by operations through loans or through additional sales of common stock. There is no assurance that the Company will
be successful in raising this additional capital or in achieving profitable operations. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Concentration of Credit Risks -  
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insures cash deposits in most general bank accounts for up to $250,000
per institution.  The Company did not have cash deposits that exceeded insured amounts. 

Cash Equivalents -   The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
    - The Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, and payables.  The carrying
amount of cash and cash equivalents and payables approximates fair value because of the short-term nature of these items.   

Impairment    - The Company
records impairment losses when indicators of impairment are present and undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those
assets are less than the assets  carrying amount.  Furthermore, the Company will make periodic assessments of technology
and clinical testing to determine if it plans to continue to pursue the technology and if the license, patent or other rights have
value.   

Revenue -   The Company will recognize
revenue as it is earned as defined by US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ). During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, there were no sales and revenue was not recognized. For the next several months, until clinical trials have
successfully been completed, the Company does not anticipate there will be revenue to report. 

Research and Development    -
Research and development will be the principal function of the Company. Research and development costs will be expensed as incurred.
 Expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include certain costs which are directly
associated with the Company s research and development: 

1.  
      Erectile Dysfunction Technology based upon the use of stem cells. These costs, which consist primarily of monies paid for clinical trial expenses, materials and supplies and compensation costs amounted to $45,174 and $67,566 for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively;   

2.  
      Infertility Treatment based upon implanting stem cells in the female reproductive system. The costs of acquiring an exclusive license of $12,640 paid to LABIOMED in April 2016 have been expensed during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   

Stock-Based Compensation     The
Company accounts for its stock-based compensation in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 718, Compensation
- Stock Compensation. The Company accounts for all stock-based compensation using a fair-value method on the grant date and recognizes
the fair value of each award as an expense over the requisite vesting period. 

The Company follows ASC 505-50, Equity-Based
Payments to Non-Employees, for stock options and warrants issued to consultants and other non-employees. In accordance with ASC
505-50, these stock options and warrants issued as compensation for services provided to the Company are accounted for based upon
the fair value of the services provided or the estimated fair market value of the option or warrant, whichever can be more clearly
determined. The fair value of the equity instrument, which is revalued at each reporting period, is charged directly to compensation
expense and additional paid-in capital over the period during which services are rendered. 

Income Taxes     The Company
has no provision for income taxes at September 30, 2016, as it has no taxable income and no recognizable tax asset.    
The Company will recognize the amount of income taxes payable or refundable at the end of the current year and will recognize any
deferred tax assets and liabilities for operating loss carryforwards and for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the consolidated financial statement amounts of certain assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred
tax assets and deferred liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years those
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the
extent that uncertainty exists as to whether the deferred tax assets will ultimately be realized. 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share  
  The Company follows Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 260 Earnings per Share to account for earnings
per share. Basic earnings per share ( EPS ) calculations are determined by dividing net loss by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share calculations are determined by dividing
net income by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding. During periods when
common stock equivalents, if any, are anti-dilutive they are not considered in the computation. During the three and nine month
periods ended September 30, 2016, the Company had 500,000 options and 130,000 warrants to purchase common stock outstanding, however,
the effect were anti-dilutive due to net loss. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements     
The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet adopted, accounting standards in order to determine their effects, if
any, on its results of operation, financial position or cash flows.  Based on that review, the Company believes that none
of these pronouncements will have a significant effect on its financial statements. 

NOTE 2   LICENSING AGREEMENTS  

ED Patent     The Company
acquired a patent from Creative Medical Health, Inc. ( CMH ) a related company on February 2, 2016, in exchange for
64,666,667 shares of CMTH restricted common stock valued at $100,000. CMH holds a significant amount of the Public Company's common
stock. The patent expires in 2025 and the Company has elected to amortize the patent over a ten year period on a straight line
basis. Amortization expense of $2,521 and $6,603 was recorded for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Male Infertility License Agreement -  
The Company has acquired a royalty license from Los Angeles Biomedical Research Institute at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center ( LABIOMED )
granting the exclusive license to the products and services of a LABIOMED patent. 

The license was acquired for a cash payment
of $5,000, issuance of 50,000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company (valued at $500, which is the par value of $0.01
per share), and an agreement to reimburse LABIOMED up to $1,800 for expenses incurred by LABIOMED in reviving and defending their
patent. The Company has expensed the cash paid, the value of the stock issued, and the expected reimbursement of $1,800 for a total
intangible royalty expense   license fees of $7,300. 

The Company is subject to a 6% royalty payment
to LABIOMED on net sales of any products under this license and 25% on any non-royalty sublicense income. Commencing three years
after the date of the agreement, and each subsequent year thereafter, the Company is required to pay to LABIOMED annual maintenance
royalties of $20,000, unless during the prior one-year period the Company paid $50,000 or more in actual royalty payments. Finally,
the Company agreed to pay LABIOMED certain milestone payments upon achieving the milestones set forth in the agreement. As of September
30, 2016, no amounts are currently due to LABIOMED. 

Multipotent Amniotic Fetal Stem
Cells License Agreement     -  On August 25, 2016, CMT entered into a License Agreement dated August 25,
2016, with a University. This license agreement grants to CMT the exclusive right to all products derived from a patent for
use of multipotent amniotic fetal stem cells composition of matter throughout the world during the period ending on the
expiration date of the longest-lived patent rights under the patent. The license agreement also permits CMT to grant
sublicenses. Under the terms of the license agreement, CMT is required to diligently develop, manufacture, and sell any
products licensed under the agreement. CMT paid the University an initial license fee within 30 days of entering into the
agreement. CMT is also required to pay annual license maintenance fees on each anniversary date of the agreement, which
maintenance fees would be credited toward any earned royalties for any given period. The License Agreement provides for
payment of various milestone payments and earned royalties on the net sales of licensed products by CMT or any sub licensee.
CMT is also required to reimburse the University for any future costs associated with maintaining the patent. CMT may
terminate the license agreement for any reason upon 90 days  written notice and the University may terminate the
agreement in the event CMT fails to meet its obligations set forth therein, unless the breach is cured within 30 days of the
notice from the University specifying the breach. CMT is also obligated to indemnify the University against claims arising
due to the exercise of the license by CMT or any sub licensee. As of September 30, 2016, no amounts are currently due to the
University. 

The Company estimates that the patent expires
in February 2026 and has elected to amortize the patent through the period of expiration on a straight line basis. Amortization
expense of $116 and $116 was recorded for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

NOTE 3   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The Company has incurred $315,000 to a related
corporation to reimburse the cost of services provided to the Company (management and consulting) through September 30, 2016. Each
of the Company s executive officers is employed by the parent company, CMH and will continue to receive his or her salary
or compensation from CMH. The Company has an agreement with CMH which obligates the Company to reimburse CMH $35,000 per month
for such services beginning January 2016. The compensation paid by CMH will include an allocation of services performed for CMH
and for the Company. The amounts are presented as a  management fee payable - related party  on the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated balance sheets. The liability is non-interest bearing, unsecured, and will be due upon the Company successfully
raising at least $1,000,000 through the sale of equity. As of September 30, 2016, amounts due to CMH under the arrangement were
$280,000. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company paid $3,000 in consulting fees to an officer of the Company for services rendered. The payment is included in
general and administrative expenses. 

Through September 30, 2016, the Company has
entered into three note payable agreements with CMH in which the proceeds were used in operations. The notes payable were dated
February 2, 2016, May 1, 2016 and May 18, 2016 and resulted in borrowings of $50,000, $50,000 and $25,000, respectively. Notes
payable of $50,000 mature on April 30, 2017, $50,000 on July 31, 2017 and $25,000 on May 18, 2018. The notes incur interest at
8% per annum on the outstanding balance of the notes. As of September 30, 2016, accrued interest was $3,757. 

During the nine month ended September 30, 2016,
CMH has advanced the Company $2,000 for operations. The amount is due on demand and doesn't incur interest. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company issued 300,000 shares of common stock and 30,000 warrants to CMH for $30,000 in cash proceeds, see Note 5 for
additional information. 

See Note 2 for discussion of an additional
related party transaction with CMH. 

NOTE 4   STOCK BASED COMPENSATION  

The Public Company has reserved 2,000,000 shares
under its 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The Plan was adopted by the board of directors on May 18, 2016, as
a vehicle for the recruitment and retention of qualified employees and consultants. The Plan is administered by the Board of Directors.
The Public Company may issue, to eligible employees or contractors, restricted common stock, options, stock appreciation rights
and restricted stock units. The terms and conditions of awards under the Plan will be determined by the Board of Directors. 

In July and September 2016, the Company granted
10-year options to two parties for accepting appointment to the Company s scientific advisory board. Each award consisted
of options to purchase up to 250,000 shares at $0.175 per share. The options vest at a rate of 50,000 on each anniversary date
of the respective grants. One of the advisory board members has also agreed to furnish to the Company access to laboratory facility
for 10,000 shares of restricted common stock per month; however, a formal agreement for the laboratory facility has not been agreed
to. The options are accounted for as non-employee stock options and thus revalued for reporting purposes at the end of each quarter. 

The fair value of each option award is estimated
using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Assumptions used in calculating the fair value at September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

Since the expected life of the options was
greater than the Public Company's historical stock information available, the Public Company determined the expected volatility
based on price fluctuations of comparable public companies. 

Stock based compensation for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $735 and $735, respectively, and included with general and administrative expenses on
the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations. As of September 30, 2016, future estimated stock based
compensation to be recorded was $34,756 which will be recognized through 2021. 

NOTE 5   STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT  

In August 2016, the Company commenced a non-public
offering of up to 10,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.10 per share, and at no additional cost, one warrant to purchase another
share of common stock at $0.10 per share for each ten shares purchased in the offering. The securities offered have not been and
will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent
registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. From August 6, 2016 to September 30, 2016, the Company
sold 1,300,000 shares in this offering. resulting in proceeds of $130,000 and the issuance of warrants to purchase 130,000 shares
of common stock. Of this amount $30,000 was received from CMH, a related party. The fair value of the warrants of $8,197 was estimated
using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The warrants were classified as equity as they were issued in connection with a capital
raise. Assumptions used in calculating the fair value of the warrants upon issuance were as follows: 

See Note 2 for discussion related to the issuance
of common stock in connection with licensing agreements. 

See Note 3 for discussion related to the issuance
of common stock to a related party for cash. 

NOTE 6   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

In accordance with ASC 855, management reviewed
all material events through November 10, 2016, for these financial statements and there are no material subsequent events to report,
except as follows: 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the
Company sold 800,000 shares of common stock under the offering disclosed in Note 5, resulting in proceeds of $80,000 and the issuance
of a warrant to purchase 80,000 shares of common stock. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations analyzes the major elements of our balance sheets and statements of income. This
section should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2016, and our interim financial statements and accompanying notes to these financial statements included
in this report. All amounts are in U.S. dollars.  

Forward-Looking Statement Notice   

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements about our expectations, beliefs or intentions regarding, among other things, our product development
efforts, business, financial condition, results of operations, strategies or prospects. In addition, from time to time, we or our
representatives have made or may make forward-looking statements, orally or in writing. Forward-looking statements can be identified
by the use of forward-looking words such as  believe,   expect,   intend,   plan, 
 may,   should  or  anticipate  or their negatives or other variations of these words or other
comparable words or by the fact that these statements do not relate strictly to historical or current matters. These forward-looking
statements may be included in, but are not limited to, various filings made by us with the SEC, press releases or oral statements
made by or with the approval of one of our authorized executive officers. Forward-looking statements relate to anticipated or expected
events, activities, trends or results as of the date they are made. Because forward-looking statements relate to matters that have
not yet occurred, these statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Many factors could cause our actual
activities or results to differ materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements, including,
but not limited to, those set forth in our most recent annual report referenced below. 

This report identifies important factors which
could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements, particularly those
set forth under Item 1A   Risk Factors as disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on May 19, 2016. 

All forward-looking statements attributable
to us or persons acting on our behalf speak only as of the date of this report and are expressly qualified in their entirety by
the cautionary statements included in this report. We undertake no obligations to update or revise forward-looking statements to
reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In evaluating
forward-looking statements, you should consider these risks and uncertainties. 

Overview   

On May 18, 2016, Creative Medical Technology
Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Jolley Marketing, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the    Company  ,   we  ,
  our  , or   us  ), closed (the   Closing  ) the Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the   Merger Agreement  ) with Creative Medical Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (  CMT  ),
Steven L. White, the principal shareholder and the sole officer and director of the Company (  Mr. White  ), and
Jolley Acquisition Corp., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the   Merger Sub  ).
As a result of the Closing of the Merger Agreement, the Merger Sub was merged with and into CMT with CMT being the surviving corporation
and CMT became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Upon completion of the transaction, we acquired CMT (which is now our
wholly-owned subsidiary) and became a company engaged in stem cell research and applications for use to treat ED, infertility and
other issues. In June 2016, we filed a patent application containing novel data suggesting that specialized cells obtained from
adipose (fat) tissue are capable of preventing recurrent miscarriages in an animal model with data supporting our entry into the
field of reproductive immunology, which aims to address issues such as recurrent miscarriages and preterm labor. CMT was incorporated
in the State of Nevada on December 30, 2015. All references to the Company after the Closing refer to Creative Medical Technology
Holdings, Inc. and Creative Medical Technologies, Inc., collectively. 

We are considered to be a clinical stage company,
since we are devoting substantially all of our efforts to establishing our business and because our planned principal operations
have not commenced. Our fiscal year end is December 31 st  . We have acquired the licensing rights for our infertility
treatments, purchased the patent for our ED treatments, and filed patent applications for our female sexual dysfunction treatment
and treatment for recurrent miscarriages. 

Funds for our operations have been provided
by our parent company, Creative Medical Health, Inc. (  CMH  ). In February 2016 and September 2016, CMH purchased
shares of our common stock for cash consideration of $49,500 and $30,000, respectively. In addition, CMH has loaned operating funds
to CMT in the form of lines of credit evidenced by promissory notes. As of September 30, 2016, total amounts received from CMT
in connection with three promissory notes is $125,000. Each promissory note representing the loans bears interest at 8% per annum
from the date funds were received. The first promissory note is dated February 2, 2016, and principal and interest under the note
are due on or before April 30, 2017. This promissory note is fully funded in the principal amount of $50,000. The second promissory
note is dated May 1, 2016, and principal and interest under the note is due on or before July 31, 2017. In addition, CMH loaned
$25,000 to CMT to pay a portion of the approximately $45,000 in outstanding payables of the Company at closing of the reverse merger
on May 18, 2016. The loan is evidenced by a promissory note dated May 18, 2016, which bears interest at 8% and which matures on
May 18, 2018. In addition, CMH has committed to loan $20,000 to satisfy the balance of the accounts payable at closing which will
be payable upon receipt of approval of DTC eligibility for our common stock. 

As of September 30, 2016, we have accrued interest
of $3,757 arising from the related party notes of $125,000. 

Plan of Operations   

We anticipate that if our clinical studies
on our ED stem cell treatment are successful, we can commence marketing kits for the treatment in 2017. For the next 12 months
our plan of operations is to complete these clinical trials and commence marketing of the kits. We estimate the costs to complete
the clinical trials will be approximately $600,000, excluding overhead and other costs associated with maintaining our company
structure. We believe that our current cash on hand would meet our cash flow requirements for only a few more months. If we are
unable to obtain further financing, we may seek alternative sources of funding or revise our business plan. We currently have no
alternative sources for funding. 

Results of Operations   For the
Three and Nine months Ended September 30, 2016   

Because CMT was not incorporated until December
30, 2015, we had no comparable operations for the prior 2015 quarters and no comparative information is available. Prior to May
18, 2016, we were an inactive shell company with no business operations, which was recapitalized via a reverse merger. Following
the Closing we incorporated the business plans and operations of CMT (a clinical stage company). 

Gross Revenue  . We generated no
gross revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

General and Administrative Expenses . 
General and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, totaled $164,732, and $493,484, respectively.
For the three months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative consisted primarily of management fees of $105,000 and
professional fees of $51,056. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative consisted primarily of management
fees of $318,000 and professional fees of $151,975. We anticipate that the expense for the three-month period ended September 30,
2016, will be more indicative of future expenses. 

Research and Development Expenses.  
Research and development expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, totaled $45,174 and $67,566, respectively.
We anticipate that the expense for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, will be more indicative of future expenses.
Research and development expenses primarily consist of monies paid for clinical trial expenses, materials and supplies and compensation
costs. 

Net Loss .  For the reasons stated
above, our net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $214,514 and $571,606, respectively. Because our
current clinical stage operations did not commence until April 2016. We anticipate that the three-month period September 30, 2016
will be more reflective of future net losses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Because CMT was not incorporated until December
30, 2015, we had no comparable operations for the prior 2015 quarters and no comparative information is available. 

As of September 30, 2016, our principal source
of liquidity was the initial capital contribution of $49,500 paid by CMH for founder s shares of CMT, an additional purchase
of common stock of $30,000 by CMH, and $125,000 borrowed under promissory notes from CMH for which was used to pay operating expenses
and to satisfy CMTH payables as of the closing of the reverse merger with CMT. In addition, we have raised an additional $100,000
through September 30, 2016 through the sale of the Company's common stock. Going forward, our short-term funding needs are expected
to be satisfied by funds to be loaned to us by CMH. Our long-term liquidity needs are expected to be satisfied through offerings
of our equity securities. We do not have any arrangements, agreements, or sources for long-term funding. 

Our only commitments for expenditures relate
to the completion of the clinical studies for the ED stem cell treatment and general and administrative costs, including reimbursements
to our parent company for services performed by their executive officers on our behalf. During the next 12 months we also anticipate
commencing marketing activities for our ED treatment in conjunction with the anticipated completion of the clinical trials. 

Basis of Presentation / Going Concern   

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business.   As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $33,456 of available cash and a working capital
deficit of $412,501.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had no revenue, no operating income and used
net cash for operating activities of $259,830. As of December 31, 2015, the Company was newly formed and had not begun operating.
 These factors, among others, indicate that the Company may be unable to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain additional financing as may
be required, and ultimately to attain sufficient cash flow from operations to meet its obligations on a timely basis. Management
is in the process of negotiating various financing plans including access to ongoing credit facilities and possible sale of capital
stock either in private of in public offerings and believes these steps may generate sufficient cash flow for the Company to continue
as a going concern. If the Company is unsuccessful in these efforts, it may be required to substantially curtail or terminate its
operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk  

As a smaller reporting company, we have elected
not to provide the disclosure required by this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures   

Our management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 15(d)-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    Exchange Act   )) as of
the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were not effective in
ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and
forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers,
or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The
specific material weaknesses which was first identified by the Company s management and independent accountants during the
quarter ended June 30, 2016 related to the initial treatment of the reverse merger (recapitalization) which was initially reported
as of the date the initial stock of the Company was issued, rather than as of the origination date of the Corporation and therefore
the restatement (arising from the reverse merger) of the equity section was required to be changed from January 2016 to December
30, 2015. In addition, a second weakness was noted in the original disclosure of our financial information provided to our independent
accountants, wherein the recording date of the patent acquired from a related party was not updated to recognize the change in
the terms of the acquisition arising from the reverse merger. Although these errors were addressed and corrected within the June
30, 2016 10-Q, as of September 30, 2016 the material weakness related to the Company not having the ability to provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles still remains. 

To
address these material weaknesses, we have engaged a third party that specializes in technical accounting and financial
reporting to assist us in preparation of our quarterly and annual financial statements and to assist us in documenting our
internal controls. However, we will have these material weaknesses for the foreseeable future due to time it will take us
to document and implement our internal controls. We are not aware of significant weaknesses in addition to the items noted
above. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting   

Other
than disclosed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

See  Item 1A   Risk Factors 
as disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 19, 2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds.  

From August through October 2016, we
sold 2,100,000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $210,000, and issued at no additional cost, three-year warrants
to purchase 210,000 shares at $0.10 per share. Of the total sales, $30,000 was received from Creative Medical Health, Inc., a
related company.  Sales of these securities were made pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC under
the Securities Act. Each of the purchasers of the securities was an  accredited investor  as defined in
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. The purchasers acknowledged appropriate investment representations with respect to the sales of
the shares and consented to the imposition of restrictive legends upon the certificates representing the shares and warrants. Each of
the purchasers had a significant preexisting relationship to us prior to the transaction and did not purchase the shares from
us as a result of any general solicitation. Each purchaser was afforded the opportunity to ask questions of our management
and to receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the investment. No selling commissions or other remuneration
was paid in connection with the sales of these securities. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

SEC Ref. No.   
       
       Title of Document    
 
      10.1  
       
      License Agreement dated August 25, 2016, between Creative Medical Technologies, Inc. and UCSD (portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment)   
 
      10.2  
       
      Master Services Agreement dated November 15, 2015, with Professional Research Consulting, Inc.   
 
      10.3  
       
      Clinical Trial Agreement dated September 19, 2016 between Creative Medical Technologies, Inc. and LABIOMED   
 
     10.4 
       
     Consulting Agreement between Creative Medical Health, Inc. and Dr. Patel  
 
      31.1  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive Officer   
 
      31.2  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by Principal Financial Officer   
 
      32.1  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer   
 
      32.2  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Creative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc.    

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By  
      /s/ Timothy Warbington   

Timothy Warbington, Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By  
      /s/ Donald Dickerson   

Donald Dickerson, Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v452531_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

[Material marked with an asterisk has been omitted from this document pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.]  

LICENSE AGREEMENT 

This agreement ( Agreement ) is entered into
as of August 25, 2016, (the  Effective Date ) by and between Creative Medical Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation
having an address at 2007 W. Peoria Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona 85029 ( LICENSEE ) and The Regents of the University of
California, a California public corporation having its statewide administrative offices at 1111 Franklin Street, Oakland, California
94607-5200 ( UNIVERSITY ), represented by its San Diego campus having an address at University of California, San Diego,
Office of Innovation and Commercialization, Mail Code 0910, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, California 92093-0910 ( UCSD ). 

BACKGROUND 

A. The invention disclosed in UCSD
Disclosure Docket No. SD2005-04 l and titled  Multipotent Amniotic Fetal Stem Cells  ( Invention ), was
made in the course of research at UCSD by Dr. Martin Haas (hereinafter the  Inventor ) and is covered by Patent Rights
as defined below. 

B. LICENSEE is desirous of obtaining
an exclusive license to Patent Rights from UNIVERSITY for commercial development, use, and sale of the Invention, and the UNIVERSITY
is willing to grant such rights. 

The parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1. 

 DEFINITIONS 

The terms, as defined herein, have the same meanings in
both their singular and plural forms. 

1.1              Affiliate 
means any corporation, firm, limited liability company, partnership or other entity that directly or indirectly Controls or is
Controlled by or is under common control with LICENSEE.  Control  means (i) having the actual, present capacity to
elect a majority of the directors of such entity; (ii) having the power to direct at least forty percent (40%) of the voting rights
entitled to elect directors; or (iii) in any country where the local law will not permit foreign equity participation of a majority,
ownership or control, directly or indirectly, of the maximum percentage of such outstanding stock or voting rights permitted by
local law.  

Field l  means treatment of degenerative,
inflammatory and immunological disease conditions in humans and other mammals. 

  Field 2  means cellular banking. 

1.3              Licensed
Method  means any method that is claimed in Patent Rights the use of which would constitute, but for the license granted
to LICENSEE under this Agreement, an infringement, an inducement to infringe or contributory infringement, of any pending or issued
claim within Patent Rights.  

1.4              Licensed
Product  means any service, composition or product which is composed of or incorporates, or is directly or indirectly discovered,
developed and/or identified using, the Invention or that is claimed in Patent Rights, or the manufacture, use, sale, offer for
sale, or importation of which would constitute, but for the license granted to LICENSEE under this Agreement, an infringement,
an inducement to infringe or contributory infringement, of any pending or issued claim within the Patent Rights.  

1.5              Net
Sales  means the total of the gross invoice prices of Licensed Products sold or leased by LICENSEE, Sublicensee, Affiliate,
or any combination thereof, less the sum of the following actual and customary deductions where applicable and separately listed:
cash, trade, or quantity discounts or rebates (as allowed under applicable law); sales tax, use tax, tariff, import/export duties
or other excise taxes imposed on particular sales (except for value-added and income taxes imposed on the sales of Licensed Product
in foreign countries); transportation charges; or credits to customers because of rejections or returns. For purposes of calculating
Net Sales, transfers to a Sublicensee or an Affiliate of Licensed Product under this Agreement for (a) end use (but not resale)
by the Sublicensee or Affiliate shall be treated as sales by LICENSEE at list price of LICENSEE, or (b) resale by a Sublicensee
or an Affiliate shall be treated as sales at the list price of the Sublicensee or Affiliate.  

1.6              Patent
Costs  means all out-of-pocket expenses for the preparation, filing, prosecution, and maintenance of all United States and
foreign patents included in Patent Rights. Patent Costs include out-of-pocket expenses for patentability opinions, inventorship
determination, preparation and prosecution of patent application, re-examination, re-issue, interference, post- grant review and
other administrative proceedings in patent offices, and opposition activities, and the like, related to patents or applications
in Patent Rights.  

1.7    Patent Rights  means UNIVERSITY s rights in the claims of any of the following:    

 the U.S. patent serial number 7,569,385; and continuing
applications thereof including divisions, substitutions, and continuations-in-part (but only to the extent the claims thereof are
entirely supported in the specification and entitled to the priority date of the parent application); any patents issuing on said
applications including reissues, reexaminations and extensions; and any corresponding foreign applications or patents. 

1.8              Sublicense 
means an agreement into which LICENSEE enters with a third party that is not an Affiliate for the purpose of (a) granting certain
rights; (b) granting an option to certain rights; or (c) forbearing the exercise of any rights, granted to LICENSEE under this
Agreement.  Sublicensee  means a third party with whom LICENSEE enters into a Sublicense.  

1.9              Term 
means the period of time beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the expiration date of the longest-lived Patent Rights.  

1.10    Territory  means worldwide, to the extent Patent Rights exist.    

ARTICLE 2. GRANTS 

2.1        License.
 Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement and to the extent that it may lawfully do so, UNIVERSITY hereby grants
to LICENSEE an exclusive license under Patent Rights to make, use, sell, offer for sale, and import Licensed Products in the Field
within the Territory and during the Term. LICENSEE may extend such license to its AFFILIATES, provided that LICENSEE will be responsible
for such AFFILIATES.  

[Material marked with an asterisk has been omitted from this document pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.]  

(a)    The license granted
in Paragraph 2.1 includes the right of LICENSEE to grant Sublicenses to third parties during the Term but only for as long as the
license to Patent Rights is exclusive.  

(b)   With respect to Sublicense granted pursuant to Paragraph 2.2(a), LICENSEE shall:    

 (i)   not receive, or
agree to receive, anything of value in lieu of cash as consideration from a third party under Sublicense without the express written
consent of UNIVERSITY;  

 (ii)   to
the extent applicable, include all of the rights of and obligations due to UNIVERSITY (and, if applicable, the sponsor s
rights) and contained in this Agreement;  

(iii)   promptly provide UNIVERSITY with a copy of each Sublicense issued; and    

 (iv)   collect
and guarantee payment of all payments due, directly or indirectly, to UNIVERSITY from Sublicensees and summarize and deliver all
reports due, directly or indirectly, to UNIVERSITY from Sublicensees.  

(c)    Upon termination
of this Agreement for any reason, UNIVERSITY, at its sole discretion, shall determine whether LICENSEE shall cancel or assign to
UNIVERSITY any and all Sublicenses. For the avoidance of doubt, AFFILIATES  rights extended by LICENSEE also terminate upon
termination of this Agreement.  

2.3    Reservation of Rights.  UNIVERSITY reserves the right to:   

(a)    use
the Invention and Patent Rights for educational and research purposes;  

 (b)    publish
or otherwise disseminate any information about the Invention and Patent Rights at any time; and  

 (c)    allow other nonprofit
institutions to use, publish, or otherwise disseminate any information about Invention and Patent Rights for educational and research
purposes.  

ARTICLE 3. 

 CONSIDERATION 

3.1       Fees and Royalties.
 The parties hereto understand that the fees and royalties payable by LICENSEE to UNIVERSITY under this Agreement are partial
consideration for the license granted herein to LICENSEE under Patent Rights. LICENSEE shall pay UNIVERSITY:  

(a)   a license issue fee of * dollars (US$*), within thirty ((30) days after the Effective Date;    

This Paragraph 3.l (a) will survive the termination,
expiration or assignment of this Agreement. 

(b)     license
maintenance fees of * dollars (US$*) payable on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and * dollars (US$*) per year and payable
on the second anniversary of the Effective Date and annually thereafter on each anniversary; provided however, that such maintenance
fees will be creditable against earned royalties in any given payment period;  

[Material marked with an asterisk has been omitted from this document pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.]  

(c)   LICENSEE shall pay UNIVERSITY the following milestone payments for Field 1:    

(i)   IND submission for Licensed
Product                               $*  

(ii)   First patient dosed in Phase I Clinical Trial for Licensed Product $*    

(iii)   First patient dosed in Phase II Clinical Trial for Licensed Product    

 $* 

(iv)   First patient dosed in Phase III Clinical Trial for Licensed Product    

 $* 

(v)   BLA (or NDA) submission to the FDA for Licensed Product $*    

LICENSEE shall pay UNIVERSITY the following milestone
payments for Field 2: 

(i)   Completion of in vivo characterization
and optimization of cell production for Licensed Product $*  

(ii)   First commercial sale of
Licensed Product $*  

(d)    For
Field 1: an earned royalty of * percent (*%) on Net Sales of Licensed Products For Field 2: an earned royalty of * percent (*%)
on Net Sales of Licensed Products  

by LICENSEE, Sublicensees, and/or Affiliates, provided,
however, that in the event LICENSEE is required to pay royalties to one or more third parties for patent rights necessary to make,
use or sell Licensed Products, LICENSEE may deduct $* from the earned royalties payable to UNIVERSITY for every $* LICENSEE actually
pays to said third parties; provided, however, in no event shall the amount payable to UNIVERSITY be less than * percent (*%) of
the amount otherwise due; and 

(e)  * percent (*%) of all Sublicense fees received by LICENSEE from its Sublicensees that are not earned royalties.  

All fees and royalty payments specified in Paragraphs
3.l (a) through 3.l (e) above shall 

 be paid by LICENSEE pursuant to Paragraph 4.3 and shall
be delivered by LICENSEE to UNIVERSITY as noted in Paragraph 10.1. 

3.2       Patent
Costs.  LICENSEE shall reimburse UNIVERSITY all future (on or after the Effective Date) Patent Costs incurred during the
Term and in the Territory within thirty (30) days following the date an itemized invoice is sent from UNIVERSITY to
LICENSEE.  

(a)     LICENSEE
shall, either directly or through its Affiliate(s) or Sublicensee(s):  

(i)   diligently develop, manufacture, and sell Licensed Products; and    

(ii)   achieve the described in Exhibit A:    

(b)    If LICENSEE fails
to perform any of its obligations specified in Paragraphs 3.3(a)(i)- (ii), then UNIVERSITY shall have the right and option to either
terminate this Agreement or change LICENSEE s exclusive license under Patent Rights to a nonexclusive license. This right,
if exercised by UNIVERSITY, supersedes the rights granted in Article 2.  

ARTICLE 4. REPORTS, RECORDS AND PAYMENTS 

(a)   Progress Reports.    

Beginning six (6) months after the
Effective Date and within sixty (60) days after the end of each of LICENSEE s fiscal years, Licensee shall furnish UNIVERSITY
with a written report on the progress of its efforts during the immediately preceding fiscal year to develop and commercialize
Licensed Products. The report shall provide a discussion, to UNIVERSITY s satisfaction, of intended efforts and sales projections
for the Licensed Products for the year in which the report is submitted. LICENSEE s fiscal year begins on January l 51  

(b)   Royalty Reports.   

 After the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product
anywhere in the world, LICENSEE shall submit to UNIVERSITY annual royalty reports on or before February 28 of each year. Each royalty
report shall cover LICENSEE s (and each Affiliate s and Sublicensee s) most recently completed calendar year
and shall show: 

(i)    the
date of first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in each country;  

 (ii)    the
gross sales, deductions as provided in Paragraph 1.4 (Net Sales), and Net Sales during the most recently completed calendar year
and the royalties, in US dollars, payable with respect thereto;  

(iii)   the number of each type of Licensed Product sold;    

 (iv)     Sublicense
fees and royalties received during the most recently completed calendar year in US dollars, payable with respect thereto;  

(v)   the method used to calculate the royalties; and    

(vi)   the exchange rates used.    

If no sales of Licensed Products
have been made and no Sublicense revenue has been received by LICENSEE during any reporting period, LICENSEE shall so report. The
reports referred to in this Paragraph 4.1(b) should be marked with the following title and case number:  License Agreement
between UCSD and Creative Medical Technology, Inc. for case SD2005-041.  Reports shall be submitted as an attachment to UCSD s
email address: oic-reports@ucsd.edu. 

(a)   LICENSEE shall keep, and
shall require its Affiliates and Sublicensees to keep, accurate and correct records of all Licensed Products manufactured, used,
sold, offered for sale, and imported and Sublicense fees received under this Agreement. Such records shall be retained by LICENSEE
for at least five (5) years following a given reporting period. 

(b)   All records shall be available
during normal business hours for inspection at the expense of UNIVERSITY by UNIVERSITY s Internal Audit Department or by
a Certified Public Accountant selected by UNIVERSITY and in compliance with the other terms of this Agreement for the sole purpose
of verifying reports and payments or other compliance issues. Such inspector shall not disclose to UNIVERSITY any information other
than information relating to the accuracy of reports and payments made under this Agreement or other compliance issues. In the
event that any such inspection shows an under reporting and underpayment in excess of five percent (5%) for any twelve-month (12-month)
period, then LICENSEE shall pay the cost of the audit as well as any additional sum that would have been payable to UNIVERSITY
had the LICENSEE reported correctly, plus an interest charge at a rate of ten percent (I0%) per year. Such interest shall be calculated
from the date the correct payment was due to UNIVERSITY up to the date when such payment is actually made by LICENSEE. For underpayment
not in excess of five percent (5%) for any twelve (12)-month period, LICENSEE shall pay the difference within thirty (30) days
without interest charge or inspection cost. 

(a)  All fees, reimbursements
and royalties due UNIVERSITY shall be paid in United States dollars and all checks shall be made payable to  The Regents
of the University of California  , referencing  UC San Diego Office of Innovation and Commercialization ,
and sent to UNIVERSITY according to Paragraph 10.1 (Correspondence). 

(b)  Royalty Payments.   

(i)   Royalties shall
accrue when Licensed Products are invoiced, or if not invoiced, when delivered to a third party or Affiliate.  

 (ii)   LICENSEE
shall pay earned royalties annually on or before February 28 of each calendar year. Each such payment shall be for earned royalties
accrued within LICENSEE s most recently completed calendar quarter.  

(c)   Late Payments. In the event
royalty, reimbursement and/or fee payments are not received by UNIVERSITY when due, LICENSEE shall pay to UNIVERSITY interest charges
at a rate of ten percent (10%) per year. Such interest shall be calculated from the date payment was due until actually received
by UNIVERSITY. 

(d)   Taxes.
Taxes imposed by any governmental agency on any payments to be made to UNIVERSITY by LICENSEE hereunder shall be paid by LICENSEE
without deduction from any payment due to UNIVERSITY hereunder. 

ARTICLE 5. PATENT MATTERS 

5.1    Patent Prosecution and Maintenance.    

(a)    Provided
that LICENSEE has reimbursed UNIVERSITY for Patent Costs pursuant to Paragraph 3.2, UNIVERSITY shall diligently prosecute and maintain
the United States and, if available, foreign patents, and applications in Patent Rights using counsel of its choice. For purposes
of clarity, if LICENSEE is not current in reimbursing UNIVERSITY for such Patent Costs, UNIVERSITY shall have no obligation to
incur any new Patent Costs under this Agreement or to further prosecute Patent Rights or file any new patent applications under
Patent Rights. UNIVERSITY shall provide LICENSEE with copies of all relevant documentation relating to such prosecution and LICENSEE
shall keep this documentation confidential. The counsel shall take instructions only from UNIVERSITY, and all patents and patent
applications in Patent Rights shall be assigned solely to UNIVERSITY. UNIVERSITY shall take into consideration any actions recommended
by LICENSEE to protect the Licensed Products contemplated to be sold by LICENSEE under this Agreement. UNIVERSITY shall in any
event control all patent filings and all patent prosecution decisions and related filings (e.g., responses to office actions) shall
be at UNIVERSITY s final discretion (prosecution includes, but is not limited to, interferences, oppositions and any other
 inter partes  or  ex parte  matters originating in a patent office).  

(b)    Should
LICENSEE elect to terminate its reimbursement obligations with respect to any patent application or patent in Patent Rights, LICENSEE
shall have no further license with respect to such Patent Rights under this Agreement. Non-payment of any portion of Patent Costs
with respect to any application or patent may be deemed by UNIVERSITY as an election by LICENSEE to terminate its reimbursement
obligations with respect to such application or patent. UNIVERSITY is not obligated at any time to file, prosecute, or maintain
Patent Rights in a country, where, for that country s patent application or patent LICENSEE is not paying Patent Costs, or
to file, prosecute, or maintain Patent Rights to which LICENSEE has terminated its license hereunder.  

5.2    Patent Infringement.    

(a)    If
UCSD (based on actual knowledge of the licensing professional responsible for administering this Invention) or LICENSEE learns
of potential infringement of commercial significance of any patent licensed under this Agreement, the knowledgeable party promptly
will inform the other party of the infringement and provide evidence of infringement available to the knowledgeable party ( Infringement
Notice ). In a jurisdiction where LICENSEE has exclusive rights under this Agreement, neither UNIVERSITY nor LICENSEE will
notify a third party (including the infringer) of infringement or put such third patty on notice of the existence of any Patent
Rights without first obtaining consent of the other. UNIVERSITY and LICENSEE agree to discuss and determine how best to proceed.
If LICENSEE notifies a third patty of infringement or puts such third party on notice of the existence of any Patent Rights regarding
such infringement without first obtaining the written consent of UNIVERSITY and UNIVERSITY is sued for declaratory judgment (or
its equivalent), UNIVERSITY will have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately, notwithstanding Paragraph 7.1. UNIVERSITY
and LICENSEE will use diligent efforts to cooperate with each other to terminate such infringement without litigation. If such
infringement has not ended within ninety (90) days of the effective date of the Infringement Notice, then LICENSEE may initiate
suit; and, if such infringement has not ended within one hundred and twenty (120) days of the effective date of the Infringement
Notice, and LICENSEE has not initiated suit, then UNIVERSITY may initiate suit.  

(b)    Notwithstanding
the foregoing: (1) UNIVERSITY may not be joined in any suit without its prior written consent; (2) LICENSEE may not admit liability
or wrongdoing on behalf of UNIVERSITY without its prior written consent; (3) Each party will cooperate with the other in litigation
initiated under Paragraph 5.2, but at the expense of the party who initiated the suit; (4) If UNIVERSITY is joined in any suit
under Paragraph 5.2, LICENSEE will pay all of UNIVERSITY s costs; (5) If UNIVERSITY is a party to a suit under Paragraph
5.2, then the recovery to UNIVERSITY will be greater than or equal to fifteen percent (15%) of net recoveries; (6) Any agreement
made by LICENSEE for purposes of settling litigation or other dispute regarding Patent Rights will comply with the requirements
of Paragraph 2.2 (Sublicense); and (7) If LICENSEE or UCSD (but not both) sues a third party for infringement of Patent Rights,
then the non-suing patty may not thereafter sue such infringer for the acts of infringement raised in the suit. 

5.3       Patent Marking.  

LICENSEE shall mark all Licensed
Products made, used, sold, offered for sale, or imported under the terms of this Agreement, or their containers, in accordance
with the applicable patent marking laws. LICENSEE shall be responsible for all monetary and legal liabilities arising from or caused
by (a) failure to abide by applicable patent marking laws and (b) any type of incorrect or improper patent marking. 

ARTICLE 6. EXPORT CONTROL AND REGISTRATION 

6.1          Export Control.  LICENSEE shall observe all
applicable United States and foreign laws with respect to the transfer of Licensed Products, and related technical data to foreign
countries, including, without limitation, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations and the Export Administration Regulations. 

6.2           Governmental
Approval or Registration.  If this Agreement or any associated transaction is required by the law of any nation to be either
approved or registered with any governmental agency, LICENSEE shall assume all legal obligations to do so. LICENSEE shall make
all necessary filings and pay all costs including fees, penalties, and all other out-of-pocket costs associated with such reporting
or approval process. 

ARTICLE 7. TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THE AGREEMENT 

7.1         Termination
by UNIVERSITY.  

(a)    UNIVERSITY
may terminate this agreement if LICENSEE:  

(i)   is delinquent on any report or payment;    

(ii)   is not diligently developing and commercializing Licensed Product;    

(iii)   misses a milestone described in Exhibit B;    

(iv)   is in breach of any provision;    

(v)   provides any false report; or    

(vi)   files a claim including in any way the assertion that any portion of UNIVERSITY  s Patent
Rights is invalid or unenforceable.    

(b)    Termination
under this Paragraph 7.1 will take effect thirty (30) days after written notice by UNIVERSITY unless LICENSEE remedies the problem
in that thirty (30)-day period.  

7.2    Termination by LICENSEE.    

(a)    LICENSEE shall have
the right at any time and for any reason to terminate this Agreement upon a ninety (90)-day written notice to UNIVERSITY. Said
notice shall state LICENSEE s reason for terminating this Agreement.  

(b)    Any
termination under Paragraph 7.2(a) shall not relieve LICENSEE of any obligation or liability accrued under this Agreement prior
to termination or rescind any payment made to UNIVERSITY or action by LICENSEE prior to the time termination becomes effective.
Termination shall not affect in any manner any rights of UNIVERSITY arising under this Agreement prior to termination.  

7.3       Survival
on Termination or Expiration.  The rights and obligations under Paragraphs and Articles 3.l (a) (license issue fee), 4 (Reports,
Records and Payments), 8 (Limited Warranty and Indemnification), 9 (Use of Names and Trademarks), 10.2 (Secrecy), and 10.5 (Failure
to Perform) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.  

ARTICLE 8. LIMITED WARRANTY AND INDEMNIFICATION 

(a)   The license granted herein provided  AS
IS  and without WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY or WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE or any other warranty, express
or implied. UNIVERSITY makes no representation or warranty that the Licensed Product or the use of Patent Rights will not infringe
any other patent or other proprietary rights. 

UNIVERSITY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, COSTS
OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOST BUSINESS, ENHANCED DAMAGES FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER SPECIAL DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE, SUBLICENSEES, JOINT VENTURES, OR AFFILIATES
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ALL CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING TORT, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY AND BREACH OF WARRANTY) EVEN IF UNIVERSITY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ALSO, UNIVERSITY WILL
NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE, SUBLICENSEES, JOINT VENTURES, OR AFFILIATES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED
TO PATENT RIGHTS TO THE EXTENT ASSIGNED, OR OTHERWISE LICENSED, BY UNIVERSITY S INVENTORS TO THIRD PARTIES. 

(b)   Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as:    

(i)   a warranty or representation
by UNIVERSITY as to the validity, enforceability, or scope of any Patent Rights;  

 (ii)   a
warranty or representation that anything made, used, sold or otherwise disposed of under any license granted in this Agreement
is or shall be free from infringement of patents of third parties;  

  (iii)  an obligation to bring or prosecute actions or suits against third parties for patent infringement except as provided in Paragraph 5.2 hereof;  

(iv)   conferring
by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or rights under any patents of UNIVERSITY other than Patent Rights, or any technology,
regardless of whether those patents are dominant or subordinate to Patent Rights;  

  (v)  an obligation to furnish any know-how not provided in Patent Rights.  

8.2    Indemnification and Insurance.    

(a)   LICENSEE
will, and will require Sublicensees to, indemnify, hold harmless, and defend UNIVERSITY and its officers, employees, and agents;
the sponsors of the research that led to the Invention under Patent Rights, and their employers; against any and all claims, suits,
losses, damages, costs, fees, and expenses resulting from, or arising out of, the exercise of this license or any Sublicense. This
indemnification will include, but will not be limited to, any product liability.  

(b)   LICENSEE,
at its sole cost and expense, shall insure its activities in connection with the work under this Agreement and obtain, keep in
force and maintain insurance as follows:  

(i)   commercial general liability insurance (contractual liability included) with limits of at least:    

 (A) each occurrence, five million
dollars (US$5,000,000); (B) products/completed operations aggregate, ten million dollars (US$10,000,000); 

 (C) personal and advertising injury,
five million dollars (US$5,000,000); and (D) general aggregate ten million dollars (US$10,000,000). If the above insurance is written
on a claims-made form, it shall continue for three (3) years following termination or expiration of this Agreement. The insurance
shall have a retroactive date of placement prior to or coinciding with the Effective Date; 

 (ii)   Worker s
Compensation as legally required in the jurisdiction in which the LICENSEE is doing business; and  

 (iii)   the coverage
and limits referred to above shall not in any way limit the liability of LICENSEE.  

(c)    LICENSEE
shall furnish UNIVERSITY with certificates of insurance showing compliance with all requirements. Such certificates shall: (i)
provide for thirty (30) days  advance written notice to UNIVERSITY of any modification; (ii) indicate that UNIVERSITY has
been endorsed as an additionally insured party under the coverage referred to above; and (iii) include a provision that the coverage
shall be primary and shall not participate with nor shall be excess over any valid and collectable insurance or program of self-insurance
carried or maintained by UNIVERSITY.  

(d)    UNIVERSITY
shall notify LICENSEE in writing of any claim or suit brought against UNIVERSITY in respect of which UNIVERSITY intends to invoke
the provisions of this Article. LICENSEE shall keep UNIVERSITY informed on a current basis of its defense of any claims under this
Article. LICENSEE will not settle any claim against UNIVERSITY without UNIVERSITY s written consent, where (a) such settlement
would include any admission of liability or wrongdoing on the part of UNIVERSITY or other indemnified party, (b) such settlement
would impose any restriction on UNIVERSITY/indemnified party s conduct of any of its activities, or (c) such settlement would
not include an unconditional release of UNIVERSITY/indemnified party from all liability for claims that are the subject matter
of the settled claim.  

ARTICLE 9. USE OF NAMES AND TRADEMARKS 

9.1          Nothing contained in
this Agreement confers any right to use in advertising, publicity, or other promotional activities any name, trade name, trademark,
or other designation of UNIVERSITY by LICENSEE without prior written approval by UNIVERSITY (including contraction, abbreviation
or simulation of any of the foregoing).  

9.2          LICENSEE hereby
grants permission for UNIVERSITY (including UCSD) to include LICENSEE s name and a link to LICENSEE s website in UNIVERSITY s
and UCSD s annual reports and on UNIVERSITY s (including UCSD s) websites that showcase innovation and commercialization
stories.  

ARTICLE 10. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

10.1           Correspondence.
 Any notice or payment required to be given to either party under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been properly given
and effective:  

(a)   on the date of delivery if delivered in person,    

(b)   five (5) days after mailing if mailed by first-class or ce11ified mail, postage paid, to the
respective addresses given below, or to such other address as is designated by written notice given to the other party, or    

(c)   upon confirmation by recognized national overnight courier, confirmed facsimile transmission,
or confirmed electronic mail, to the following addresses or facsimile numbers of the parties.    

If sent to LICENSEE: 

 Creative Medical Technologies, Inc. 

 2007 W. Peoria Avenue 

 Phoenix, Arizona 85029 

 Attention: Timothy 

 Warbington,
President, CEO 

 Phone: 602-680-7439 

 e-mail: ceo@creativemedicalhealth.com 

If sent to UNIVERSITY by mail: 

 University of California, San Diego 

 Office of Innovation and Commercialization 

 9500 Gilman Drive, Mail Code 0910 

 La Jolla, CA 92093-0910 

 Attention: Director 

If sent to UNIVERSITY by overnight
delivery: 

 University of California, San Diego 

 Office of Innovation and Commercialization 

 10300 North Torrey Pines Road 

 Torrey Pines Center North, Third Floor 

 La Jolla, CA 92037 

 Attention: Director 

(a)      Confidential
Information  shall mean information relating to the Invention and disclosed by UNIVERSITY to LICENSEE during the term of
this Agreement, which if disclosed in writing shall be marked  Confidential , or if first disclosed otherwise, shall
within thirty (30) days of such disclosure be reduced to writing by UNIVERSITY and sent to LICENSEE.  

(b)   LICENSEE shall:    

(i)  use the Confidential Information
for the sole purpose of performing under the terms of this Agreement; 

 (ii)   safeguard
Confidential Information against disclosure to others with the same degree of care as it exercises with its own data of a similar
nature;  

 (iii)   not
disclose Confidential Information to others (except to its employees, agents or consultants who are bound to LICENSEE by a like
obligation of confidentiality) without the express written permission of UNIVERSITY, except that LICENSEE shall not be prevented
from using or disclosing any of the Confidential Information that:  

(A)   LICENSEE can demonstrate by written records was previously known to it;    

(B)   is now, or becomes in the future, public knowledge other than through acts or omissions of LICENSEE;    

(C)   is lawfully obtained by LICENSEE from sources independent of UNIVERSITY; or    

(D)   is required to be disclosed by law or a court of competent jurisdiction.    

(c)   The secrecy obligations
of LICENSEE with respect to Confidential Information shall continue for a period ending five (5) years from the termination date
of this Agreement.  

(d)   Notwithstanding
the foregoing, UNIVERSITY may disclose to the Inventors, senior administrators employed by UNIVERSITY, and individual Regents the
terms and conditions of this Agreement upon their request. If such disclosure is made, UNIVERSITY shall request the individuals
not disclose such terms and conditions to others. UNIVERSITY may acknowledge the existence of this Agreement and the extent of
the grant in Article 2 to third parties, but UNIVERSITY shall not disclose the negotiable financial terms of this Agreement to
third parties, except where UNIVERSITY is required by law to do so, such as under the California Public Records Act.  

10.3            Assignability.
 This Agreement may be assigned by UNIVERSITY, but is personal to LICENSEE and assignable by LICENSEE only with the written
consent of UNIVERSITY.  

I 0.4          No  Waiver.  No waiver
by either party of any breach or default of any agreement set forth in this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver as to any subsequent
and/or similar breach or default. 

I 0.5           Failure to Perform.  In
the event of a failure of performance due under this Agreement and if it becomes necessary for either party to undertake legal
action against the other on account thereof, then the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys  fees in
addition to costs and necessary disbursements. 

I 0.6           Governing Laws.  THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE INTERPRETED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, but the scope and validity
of any patent or patent application shall be governed by the applicable laws of the country of the patent or patent application. 

10.7           Force Majeure.  A party
to this Agreement may be excused from any performance required herein if such performance is rendered impossible or unfeasible
due to any catastrophe or other major event beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, war, riot, and insurrection;
laws, proclamations, edicts, ordinances, or regulations; strikes, lockouts, or other serious labor disputes; and floods, fires,
explosions, or other natural disasters. When such events have abated, the non-performing party s obligations herein shall
resume. 

I 0.8           Headings.  The headings
of the several sections are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. 

I 0.9           Entire Agreement.  This
Agreement, including Exhibits A and B, embodies the entire understanding of the parties and supersedes all previous communications,
representations or understandings , either oral or written, between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. 

10.10           Amendments.
 No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or binding on the parties unless made in writing and signed on
behalf of each party.  

10.11           Severability.
 In the event that any of the provisions contained in this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any
respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement
shall be construed as if the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions had never been contained in it.  

CREATIVE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   
       
       THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA    

By:  
      /s/ Timothy Warbington  
       
      By:  
      /s/ Ruben Flores, Ph.D.   
 
      Signature  
       
      Signature   

Name:  Timothy Warbington  
       
      Ruben Flores, Ph.D.   

Title:  President, CEO  
       
      Director   

Date:  August 25, 2016  
       
      Date:  August 24, 2016   

[Material marked with an asterisk has been omitted from this document pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.]  

Exhibit A -Due Diligence Milestones 

For Field 1 and Field 2:  

1.  diligently proceed with the development,
manufacture, and if successful and upon receipt of requisite regulatory approvals, sale of Licensed Products and/or Licensed Methods; 

2.  annually
spend not less than * dollars (US$*) for the development of Licensed Products and/or Licensed Methods during the first three years
of this Agreement. 

3.  market Licensed Products and/or
Licensed Methods in the United States within six (6) months after receiving all regulatory approvals and other approvals, clearances
or licenses necessary, to market such Licensed Products and/or Licensed Method in the United States; 

4.  fill the market demand for Licensed Products following
commencement of marketing at any time during the term of this Agreement; and 

5.  obtain all necessary governmental
approvals for the manufacture, use and sale of Licensed Products and/or Licensed Methods. 

For Field 1:  

1.  Complete in vitro characterization
and optimization of cell production for Licensed Product within twelve (12) months from the Effective Date; 

2.  Initiate GLP toxicology and dose escalation studies
for Licensed Product within twenty four (24) months from the Effective Date; 

3.  Submit IND for Licensed Product to the FDA within
thirty (30) months from the Effective Date; 

4.  Initiate the first Phase I clinical trial for Licensed
Product within thirty six (36) months from the Effective Date; 

5.  LICENSEE shall provide additional diligence milestones
to UNIVERSITY for the Phase II, Phase Ill, and NOA submission timelines for the Licensed Product within forty (40) months from
the Effective Date. 

For Field 2:  

1 .  Complete in vitro characterization
and optimization of cell production for Licensed Product within twelve (12) months from the Effective Date; 

2.  First commercial sales of Licensed
Product, either as a product or services. Within 24 months from the Effective Date. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 v452531_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit
10.2 

MASTER
SERVICES AGREEMENT 

This Master Services
Agreement (the   Agreement )  is made this 15 th  day of November, 2015 by and between Professional
Research Consulting, Inc. d/b/a PRC Clinical, a California Corporation with offices at 1111 Bayhill Drive, Suite 290, San
Bruno, California 94066  ( PRC Clinical or PRC )  and Creative Medical Health, Inc., a Delaware Corporation
with business office at 2007 W Peoria Ave., Phoenix, AZ 85029  ( Sponsor ).  

WHEREAS,
Sponsor is in the business of developing, manufacturing and/or distributing pharmaceutical products, medical devices and/or biotechnology
products; and 

WHEREAS,
PRC is a contract research organization engaged in the business of managing clinical research programs and providing clinical development
services and other services for the pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology industries; and 

WHEREAS,
Sponsor and PRC desire to enter into this Agreement to provide the terms and conditions upon which Sponsor may engage PRC from
time to time to provide clinical development services in connection with certain clinical research studies of Sponsor's proprietary
products (each, a   Project ),  in which case the terms and conditions for each such Project shall be set forth
in one or more written work orders to be agreed upon and signed and attached to this Agreement and incorporated herein by reference
(a   Work Order'');  and 

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration contained herein, the exchange, receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows: 

9.
  Services.  

9.4
Work Orders. In the event that the parties reach agreement with respect to the provision of Services for a Project, PRC and Sponsor
shall execute a Work Order with respect to such Services. Each Work Order shall set forth the nature and scope of the Services
to be performed and other specific details relating to the Services for each Project to be performed by PRC. Such Work Order shall
include, but not be limited to, an estimate of PRC's fees, pass-through costs, and third party vendor costs for such Services,
the deliverables (if any) for the Project, and such other terms and conditions as shall be deemed appropriate or necessary for
the performance of the Services. Sponsor agrees that the Work Order shall be executed by both parties before PRC commences work
under the Work Order, unless the parties otherwise agree in writing. Each fully executed Work Order shall be deemed to be attached
hereto and incorporated herein. The applicable Work Order and this Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement  for
each Project. To the extent any terms set forth in a Work Order conflict with  the terms set forth in this Agreement, the
terms of this Agreement shall control unless otherwise specifically set forth in the Work Order. As required by 21 C.F.R.   
 312.52, the specific obligations relating to each Project that are being transferred to PRC by Sponsor shall be listed in
the applicable Work Order. Sponsor shall retain responsibility for all other activities related to the Project. Sponsor shall at
all times be considered the sponsor of the Project for the purpose of all laws, regulations, and regulatory authority requirements
applicable to the conduct of clinical trials. Sponsor shall be solely responsible for review, approval, and adoption of the clinical
study protocol for each Project. 

1.2         Change
O rders. If Sponsor requests any changes to the scope of the Services for a particular Project from those set forth in the applicable
Work Order, or if the assumptions set forth in the budget for such Project contained in the applicable Work Order change, PRC shall
prepare a written change order reflecting such changes, including an estimate of any resulting adjustment to the timeline for the
performance of the Services under the Work Order and to the compensation schedule (a    Change
Order ).   Once a Change Order is executed by both parties, such Change Order shall constitute an amendment to the
applicable Work Order and the Services shall thereafter constitute those Services set forth in the Work Order as amended by the
Change Order. Both parties agree to act in good faith and promptly when considering a Change Order requested by the other party.
Without limiting the foregoing, Sponsor agrees that it will not unreasonably withhold approval of a Change Order, even if it involves
a fixed price contract, if the proposed changes in budgets or time lines result from, among other appropriate reasons, forces outside
the reasonable control of PRC or changes in the assumptions upon which the initial budget or time lines were based, including,
but not limited to, the assumptions set forth in the budget or timelines. PRC reserves the right to postpone effecting material
changes in the Project's scope until such time as the parties agree to and execute the corresponding Change Order. For any Change
Order that affects the scope of the regulatory obligations that have been transferred to PRC, PRC and Sponsor shall execute a corresponding
amendment to the Transfer of Obligations Form. Sponsor shall file such amendment where appropriate, or as required by law or regulation. 

1.3         Timelines
and Delays . PRC shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform the Services within any timelines specified in the applicable
Work Order. However, Sponsor acknowledges that such timelines are estimates and assume the full cooperation of Sponsor, regulatory
authorities, Ethics Committees or Institutional Review Boards, investigative sites and investigators, and other third parties
not under PRC's control, and shall be subject to adjustment (including an adjustment in the fees and costs for the performance
of Services) if the work for the Services is delayed due to circumstances not attributable to PRC, such as the following: (a)
a failure by Sponsor to perform Sponsor's obligations with respect to the Study in a timely fashion, (b) a delay by Sponsor in
providing information or feedback requested by PRC, (c) amendments to the protocol for the Project that occur after the execution
of the applicable Work Order, (d) enrollment rates that are lower than anticipated,   changes in applicable regulatory requirements,
suspensions or other delays imposed by regulatory authorities, or (f) delays in obtaining required approvals from regulatory authorities,
Ethics Committees or Institutional Review Boards. Sponsor acknowledges that, if it materially delays or suspends performance of
the Services for more than fifteen (15) calendar days and such delay or suspension is unrelated to any act or omission by PRC
in violation of this Agreement, then the personnel and/or resources originally allocated to the delayed or suspended portion of
the Services may be re- allocated, and PRC will not be responsible for delays due to required re-staffing or re-allocation of resources. 

If a Project
is delayed or suspended for more than 15 calendar days, Sponsor shall have the right to keep, at its expense, some or all of the
PRC personnel assigned to the Project assigned to the Project for the duration of the delay or suspension period. Sponsor shall
pay a fee for each such individual that remains assigned to the Project at Sponsor's request. Said personnel fees shall be invoiced
by PRC, and shall be due and payable by Sponsor upon receipt of invoice. If a Sponsor does not wish to retain any PRC personnel
for the duration of the delay or suspension, PRC shall have the right to reallocate any and all such personnel to other projects,
and Sponsor shall bear the costs, if any, of providing Project-specific training to replacement personnel assigned to the Project
once it resumes. If a Project is delayed or suspended for more than 90 days, either party may terminate the Work Order for such
Project upon written notice to the other party. 

1.4    Sponsor Cooperation . Sponsor shall forward to PRC in a timely manner all documents, materials and information in
Sponsor's possession or control necessary for PRC to conduct the Services. PRC shall not be liable to Sponsor nor be deemed to
have breached this Agreement for errors, delays or other consequences arising from Sponsor's failure to timely provide documents,
materials or information or to otherwise cooperate with PRC in order for PRC to timely and properly perform its obligations. Sponsor
shall provide PRC with all information available to  it  regarding known or potential hazards
associated with the use of any substances supplied to PRC by Sponsor, and Sponsor shall comply with all current legislation and
regulations concerning the shipment of substances by the land, sea or air. 

Sponsor
will cooperate with PRC in providing information to PRC and taking such actions (including, If applicable, executing documents),
as are appropriate to achieve the objectives of this Agreement. Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that PRC's performance under this
Agreement is dependent on Sponsor's timely and effective cooperation with PRC. Accordingly, Sponsor acknowledges that any delay
by Sponsor may result in PRC being released from an obligation or schedule deadline or in Sponsor having to pay extra fees in order
for PRC to meet a specific obligation or deadline despite the delay. Sponsor shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
governing the performance of its obligations hereunder and the subject matter of this Agreement. 

2.   Compensation and Payment.    

2.1           Charges
for Servic es. Sponsor shall pay PRC for all Services performed under this Agreement in accordance with the budget and payment
schedule for such Services set forth in the applicable Work Order (the   Budget ).  Unless otherwise specified in
a Work Order, the Budget for each Project shall consist of line items specifying the work to be completed by PRC for the Project
and the rates for such work. 

2.2          Pass-Through
Costs. The Budget for each Project shall include an itemized breakdown of the estimated out-of-pocket costs that will be incurred
by PRC in connection with the performance of Services for such Project including, without limitation, travel expenses (collectively,
the   Pass-Through Costs ).  Sponsor shall reimburse PRC for all Pass-Through Costs, incurred in accordance with
the Budget, provided that such Pass-Through Costs are supported by written receipts or other documentation reasonably acceptable
to Sponsor. Sponsor acknowledges that some or all of the Pass-Through Costs set forth in any Work Order are an estimate based on
the scope of the Project, timelines, and information supplied by third parties, and that such costs cannot be predicted with complete
certainty at the outset of a 

 Project. 

2.3         Third
Party Vendors. If applicable, PRC will provide a third party vendor budget in each Work Order. All third party vendor costs and
associated management fees invoiced to Sponsor shall be approved by Sponsor in advance and shall include documentation reasonably
acceptable to Sponsor. 

2.4         Invoices.
Unless otherwise provided in the Work Order, PRC shall invoice Sponsor on a monthly basis for Services and Pass-Through Costs incurred
and associated overhead and handling charges via electronic invoice sent to the Financial/Accounts Payable contact designated in
the applicable Work Order. Each such invoice shall itemize the Services performed and all Pass-Through Costs with supporting documentation
where indicated. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Work Order, and subject to Section 2.5 below, Sponsor shall pay each
monthly invoice for Services and Pass-Through Costs within 25 days of receipt. PRC shall invoice Sponsor for third party vendor
costs and associated management fees separately, and all such invoices shall be paid by Sponsor within 5 days of receipt. PRC reserves
the right to charge interest in the amount of 1.5% per month for any undisputed invoiced amounts that have not been paid within
25 days of Sponsor's receipt of the applicable invoice. 

2.5          Disputed
I nvoices. Sponsor will notify PRC within 10 days of its receipt of an invoice submitted under Section 2.4 if it disputes such
invoice or any portion thereof. Sponsor shall provide, in writing, queries for PRC to address to allow full payment of any such
disputed invoice or disputed portion thereof within the original 25 day payment period. The parties will promptly discuss such
queries and formulate an action plan to resolve the issues. Billing queries generated by Sponsor will be addressed to the contact
person at PRC referenced in the applicable Work Order, and Sponsor and PRC will negotiate in a timely, good faith manner to resolve
billing queries. Any undisputed amounts shall be paid without delay pursuant to section 2.4 

2.6         Exchange
Rate. All payments due hereunder in accordance with the Budget of the applicable Work Order shall be made by Sponsor in United
States Dollars   ( USO ).   The parties acknowledge and agree that all amounts
set forth in the Work Orders shall be in USD. If PRC incurs Pass-Through Costs or third party vendor costs under a Work Order in
a currency other than USO, such costs shall be invoiced to Sponsor and reimbursed to PRC at the USO equivalent of the expense paid
by PRC. The hourly labor fees contained in the Budget for each Work Order shall be fixed in USO, and will require no conversion. 

2.7          T axes.
The fees payable under any Work Order shall not, and shall not be construed to, include local, state, federal or foreign sales
and use taxes, such as Value Added Tax, if any, and any such taxes shall be assumed and paid by Sponsor. 

2.8          Advance
and Fixed Fee P ayments. If indicated in the applicable Work Order, Sponsor shall provide advance funding for certain projects.
The repayment schedule will be specified in the Work Order. This advance funding is needed to cover the cost of hiring staff and
making commitments with other vendors to service the Project. As such, should the Project terminate prematurely, the amount of
such advance payments would be forfeit by Sponsor. In the event that all Services are completed early relative to the timeline
described in the applicable Work Order, all remaining Fixed Fees will be immediately invoiced to and paid by Sponsor in accordance
with this Section 2. 

2.9          Advance
Payment of Pass-Through Costs and Vendor Expenses . If indicated in the Work Order, and upon execution of a Work Order which
anticipated pass-through and/or third party vendor expenses, PRC will issue to Sponsor an invoice in an amount equal to an agreed
percentage of the total estimated Pass-Through Costs and third party vendor costs set forth in the Budget, including those Pass-Through
Costs consisting of payments to be made to investigators and investigative sites (such amount, the   Advance Payment ).
 Sponsor shall pay to PRC such Advance Payment within 20 days after its receipt of such invoice. For clarity, Sponsor shall
pay PRC for Pass-Through Costs and third party vendor expenses incurred on a Project in accordance with the Budget for such Project
on a pass-through basis and in accordance with the payment terms set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3. The amount of the Advance
Payment paid by Sponsor to PRC for a Project will be held by PRC until the completion or termination of the applicable Project
and credited against that portion of the final invoice(s) under the applicable Work Order that consist of Pass-Through Costs and
third party vendor expenses. In the event that the amount of the Advance Payment paid by Sponsor to PRC exceeds the amount due
by Sponsor to PRC for actual Pass-Through Costs and third party vendor expenses under the final invoice(s) under the applicable
Work Order, PRC shall refund to Sponsor an amount equal to the amount by which the Advance Payment exceeds the amount due by Sponsor
for actual Pass-Through Costs and third party vendor expenses under such final invoice(s). 

2.10          Inflationary
A djustments. PRC shall be entitled upon 30 days' written notice to increase the rates applicable to the performance of Services
to include inflationary adjustments, which inflationary adjustments shall not exceed 5% of the labor rates applicable for the
prior calendar year under the Work Order. In the event that any such increase is made, the parties shall enter into a Change Order
to reflect such revised fees. 

3.      Term
                                         and Termination.      

3.1           T erm.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for three (3) years unless extended in a written
amendment to this Agreement signed by authorized representatives of both parties. Each Work Order shall be effective upon the
date signed by the last signatory thereto and shall terminate upon the completion of Services to be provided thereunder, unless
earlier terminated in accordance with this Section 3. 

3.2           Termination
by Either P arty. Either party may terminate this Agreement or any individual Work Order for any reason upon 30 days' prior
written notice to the other party. Termination of a Work Order shall terminate the corresponding Project. 

3.3           Termination
for Material B reach. Either party may terminate this Agreement or a Work Order if the other party materially breaches the
terms of this Agreement or of such Work Order and such breaching party fails to cure the breach within 15 days after receipt of
written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of such breach. The parties agree that non-payment by Sponsor
of an undisputed invoice shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. If PRC determines, in that its continued performance
of the Services contemplated by one or more Work Orders would constitute a potential or actual violation of regulatory or scientific
standards of integrity, then PRC may terminate the applicable Work Order(s) by giving written notice stating the effective date
(which may be less than thirty (30) days from the notice date) of such termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement
or any Work Orders immediately upon provision of written notice if the other party becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy.
Any written termination notice shall identify the specific Work Order or Work Orders that are being terminated. 

3.4           Effect
of Termin ation. The termination of this  Agreement by either party shall  automatically
terminate all Work Orders, unless otherwise agreed in writing. Upon the receipt or provision of a notice of termination of this
Agreement or a Work Order, PRC shall cooperate with Sponsor to provide for an orderly wind-down and/or transition of the Services
provided by PRC hereunder. Upon termination of this Agreement, Sponsor shall promptly pay PRC in full for all fees for Services
performed, Pass-Through Costs and third party vendor expenses, and associated administrative overhead and handling fees, incurred
up through the termination date as calculated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Budget in the applicable
Work Order. In addition, Sponsor shall reimburse PRC for all reasonable, future non cancelable obligations to third parties for
Pass-Through Costs and third party vendor expenses to be incurred in accordance with the Budget for the applicable Work Order.
Promptly after the date of termination or completion of a Work Order or this Agreement, PRC will submit to Sponsor an itemized
accounting of Services performed for the applicable Project, the Pass- Through Costs and third party vendor expenses incurred as
calculated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Budget in the applicable Work Order, the amount of any
non-cancellable obligations to third parties for Pass-Through Costs and third party vendor expenses that were to be incurred by
PRC in accordance with the Budget for each terminated Work Order, and the amount of payments received from Sponsor in order to
determine the amount of the balance owed by, or the overpayment to be refunded to, Sponsor. Any balance owed by, or any overpayment
to be refunded to, Sponsor will be paid or refunded within 25 days of receipt of such an itemized accounting. Sponsor shall pay
for all actual costs, including time spent by PRC personnel, incurred to complete activities associated with the termination and
close-out of affected Projects, including the fulfillment of any regulatory requirements. 

3.5   Provisions
Surviving Termin ation. The obligations of the parties contained in Sections 2, 3.4, 3.5, 4, 5, 7, 8.2, 9.2, 9.4, 9.5, 9.6,
9.8, 9.9, and 9.12 hereof shall survive termination of this Agreement. 

4.  Confidentiality.   

4.1           Confidential
I n formation. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4.3, all information that (a) is provided by Sponsor to PRC
relating to a Project, (b) relates to a Project and is developed, generated, or obtained by PRC as a result of performing Services
under this Agreement, including, without limitation, Inventions (as defined in Section 5.2), shall, in each case, be deemed to
be   Sponsor Confidential Information .  Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4.3, (i) all information
pertaining to PRC's proposals, pricing, and quotations (except to the extent that such information incorporates Sponsor Confidential
Information), methods, standard operating procedures, and subcontractor information, including materials or technology owned or
licensed by PRC, that is disclosed to Sponsor or Sponsor's representatives, and (ii) all information regarding PRC's operations,
methods, and pricing, and all information that is or has been previously independently developed by PRC without the benefit of
any information provided by Sponsor, including PRC Property, and that is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure
to Sponsor, shall be deemed to be   PRC Confidential Information   under this Agreement. Sponsor Confidential Information
and PRC Confidential Information may be referred to herein individually and collectively as   Confidential Information .
 For purposes of this Agreement, each party is the   Disclosing Party''  with respect to its own Confidential Information,
and a   Receiving Party   with respect to the Confidential Information of the other party. 

4.2           Use
and Non-Disclosure of Confidential In formation. The Receiving Party shall: (a) use the Disclosing Party's Confidential
Information solely for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement and for no other purpose without the prior written consent
of the Disclosing Party; (b) not disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information to any third party except as
necessary in connection with the performance of activities under this Agreement without first obtaining the written consent
of the Disclosing Party; and (c) protect the confidentiality of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information with at least
the same degree of care used to protect its own confidential and/or proprietary information from unauthorized use or
disclosure, but in no event with less than reasonable care. The Receiving Party will be permitted to furnish and otherwise
disclose the other party's Confidential Information to those of its employees, agents, contractors, and consultants who need
to know such Confidential Information in order to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, provided that such personnel are
bound by obligations of confidentiality with respect to such Confidential Information substantially similar to those provided
herein. If the Receiving Party discloses the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information to a third party with the Disclosing
Party's permission as permitted herein, the Receiving Party shall ensure that all Confidential Information disclosed to such
third party is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure. 

4.3           Exceptions
to Confidential In formation. The obligations of confidentiality set forth in Section 4.2 shall not apply to that part of the
Disclosing Party's Confidential Information which the Receiving Party is able to demonstrate by competent proof: 

(9) was already
known to the Receiving Party, other than under an obligation of confidentiality, at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party; 

(b) was generally
available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its disclosure to the Receiving Party; 

later became part of the public domain through no act or omission of the Receiving Party; 

(d) was disclosed
to the Receiving Party without obligations of confidentiality with respect thereto, by a third party who had no obligation to
the Disclosing Party not to disclose such information to others without restriction; or 

was independently developed by employees of the Receiving Party without use of or reference to the Disclosing Party's Confidential
Information. 

4.4           Disclosure
Required by L aw. The Receiving Party may disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information without violating the obligations
of this Agreement to the extent that such disclosure is (a) required by a valid order of a court or other governmental body having
jurisdiction, (b) required by applicable law or regulation, (c) is necessary for filings with regulatory or governmental agencies
including, without limitation, the U.S. Securities   Exchange Commission and the FDA, or (d) in connection with prosecuting,
defending, or providing testimony in litigation, provided that the Receiving Party provides the Disclosing Party with reasonable
prior written notice of such disclosure when possible and, at the Disclosing Party's request and expense, makes a reasonable effort
to obtain, or to assist the Disclosing Party in obtaining, a protective order or other appropriate remedy preventing or limiting
the disclosure and/or requiring that the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information so disclosed be used only for the purposes
for which the law or regulation requires, for which the order was issued, for the applicable regulatory or governmental filing,
or for the applicable litigation. 

4.5.          Return
of Confidential Information.  At the Disclosing Party's request, the Receiving Party shall return all Confidential Information
provided  by  the Disclosing  Party  in documentary form
or, at the Disclosing Party's request, destroy all or such parts of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information as the Disclosing
Party shall direct, including any copies thereof made by the Receiving Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party
may retain one (1) copy of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information solely for archival purposes, subject to the ongoing
obligation to maintain the confidentiality of such information. 

5.   Intellectual
                                         Property.    

5.1           No
L icense. Each party agrees that neither party transfers to the other party by operation of this Agreement any patent right,
copyright right, trademark right or other intellectual property right of such party, except as may be specifically provided herein. 

5.2           Sponsor
P roperty. PRC will promptly disclose to Sponsor all improvements, inventions, formulae, processes, techniques, work product,
know-how and data, whether or not patentable, that is generated, conceived, discovered or reduced to practice by PRC, its employees,
agents, or subcontractors, whether solely or jointly with others in the course of or as a direct result of the performance of
the Services under this Agreement, together with all intellectual property rights arising therefrom (collectively,    Inventions ).
  All Inventions and all deliverables will be the sole and exclusive property of Sponsor and shall be Sponsor Confidential
Information; provided that, the term  Inventions  does not include PRC Property (as such term is defined in Section
5.3) and improvements thereto. PRC hereby assigns and transfers to Sponsor all of PRC's right, title and interest in any and all
Inventions and agrees to take, at Sponsor's request and expense, all further acts reasonably required to convey full title in
the Inventions to Sponsor. Further, PRC will cause all of its personnel that perform Services hereunder to assign and transfer
to Sponsor all such personnel's right, title and interest in Inventions to Sponsor, and to take, at Sponsor's request and expense,
all further acts reasonably required to convey title in any such Invention to Sponsor. 

5.3          PRC
Prooertv.   PRC Property   means inventions, processes, technology, know-how, trade secrets, and other assets (including,
without limitation, those related to data collection processes, data management processes, laboratory analyses procedures and
techniques, analytical methods, procedures and techniques, computer technical expertise and software (including codes) that have
been or are independently developed by PRC without the benefit of or access to any information provided by or on behalf of Sponsor
and that do not relate to the composition of matter, method of using, making or administering the drug that is the subject of
a Project. All PRC Property is the sole and exclusive property of PRC, and shall be PRC Confidential Information. 

6.   Representations
                                         and W arranties.   

6.1          No
Inconsistent Obligations or Constraints. Each party represents and warrants that it is qualified and permitted to enter into this
Agreement and that the terms of this Agreement are not inconsistent with its other contractual arrangements. PRC warrants that
it is not constrained by any existing agreement in providing the Services to be performed under this Agreement. Sponsor agrees
that it will not enter into an agreement with a third party that would alter or affect the regulatory obligations delegated to
PRC in any Project without providing prior written notice to PRC. 

6.2          Due
Authoriz ation. The persons executing this Agreement represent and warrant  that they have the full power and authority
to enter into this Agreement on behalf of each respective party. 

6.3         Required
Licenses. Each party represents and warrants that, if applicable to a Project, it possesses all necessary licenses for use of
the MedDRA and WHO-Drug dictionaries in connection with such Project, and that it shall maintain all such licenses in full force
and effect during the term of this Agreement. 

6.4          Compli
ance with Applicabl e L aws. Each party represents and warrants that it shall comply with all laws and regulations applicable
to such party in connection with its activities under this Agreement. 

6.5          No
Debarred P erson. PRC represents and warrants that it and its personnel who perform any Services hereunder are not presently
debarred by the FDA pursuant to 21 U.S.C.   335a. In addition, PRC represents and warrants that, to the best of its knowledge,
it has not engaged in any conduct or activity which could lead to debarment actions. If, during the term of this Agreement, PRC
discovers or receives notice that it or any personnel employed or retained by it to perform Services comes under investigation
by the FDA for a debarment action or is debarred, PRC shall promptly notify Sponsor of same. 

6.6          Disclaimer
of Warranties . EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER SPONSOR NOR PRC MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS
OR EXTENDS ANY WARRANTI ES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTI ES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
TITLE OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 

7.  Indemnification.   

7.1           Sponsor
I ndemnit y. Sponsor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless PRC and its employees, affiliates, directors, officers, and
agents (collectively, the    PRC    lndemnitees )  from and against any
and all damages, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorney's fees, expert witness and court costs (collectively,   Losses ),  incurred in connection with any claim,
demand, action, or proceeding brought by a third party (each, a   Claim )  arising from (a) any substance dispensed
or procedure administered in the course of a Project, or any other person's use, consumption, sale, distribution or marketing
of the drug that is the subject of a Project, including the harmful or otherwise unsafe effect of such drug, (b) the performance
of Services by PRC hereunder in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, (c) the infringement or misappropriation of a third
party's intellectual property rights by reason of the performance of the Services using the information supplied by Sponsor or
the Sponsor's drug, (d) a breach of the Sponsor's representations, warranties or obligations under this Agreement, or   
 the negligence, gross negligence or intentional misconduct on the part of Sponsor lndemnitees (as such term is defined
in Section 7.2 below) in connection with this Agreement; provided however, that Sponsor shall have no obligation of indemnity
hereunder with respect to a Claim to the extent that such Claim arises from (i) the negligence, gross negligence, or intentional
misconduct on the part of PRC or its employees, affiliates, or agents, or (ii) a breach of any of PRC's obligations, representations
or warranties under this Agreement. 

7.2          PRC
lndemnitv. PRC shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sponsor and its employees, affiliates, directors, officers, and agents
(collectively, the   Sponsor lndemnitees )  from and against any and all Losses incurred in connection with any
Claim arising from (a} the negligence, gross negligence, or intentional misconduct on the part of any of the PRC lndemnitees in
connection with this Agreement, or (b) a breach of any of PRC's obligations, representations or warranties under this Agreement;
provided, however, that PRC shall have no obligation of indemnity hereunder with respect to any Claim to the extent that such
Claim arises from  (i)  the negligence, gross negligence,
or intentional misconduct on the part of Sponsor or its agents or representatives, or (ii) a breach of any of Sponsor's obligations,
representations, or warranties under this Agreement. 

7.3           Indemnification
P rocedure. Each party's agreement to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other party and its respective indemnitees is
conditioned upon the indemnified party: (a) providing written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim, demand, or action
arising out of the indemnified activities within 30 days after the indemnified party has knowledge of such claim, demand, or action;
provided, however, that any failure on the part of an indemnified party to notify the indemnifying party of receipt of notice
of a claim shall relieve the notified party of its obligation to indemnify the notifying party for such claim under this Agreement
only to the extent that the notified party has been prejudiced by the lack of timely and adequate notice; (b) permitting the indemnifying
party to assume full responsibility and authority to investigate, prepare for, settle, and defend against any such claim, demand,
or action; (c) assisting the indemnifying party, at the indemnifying party's reasonable expense, in the investigation of, preparation
for and defense of any such claim, demand, or action; and (d) not compromising or settling such claim, demand, or action without
the indemnifying party's written consent. 

7.4          limitation
of liability. In no event shall the liability of either party arising out of this Agreement exceed an amount equal to the total
Budget for the relevant Project. Further, in no event will either party be entitled to, nor shall either party be responsible
for, whether in contract or in tort, any incidental, indirect, special or consequential losses or damages (including lost profits)
arising out of this Agreement or with respect to a party's performance or non- performance of this Agreement. However, the foregoing
limitations of liability and exclusions of damages recoverable in this Section 7.4 shall not (a) apply to breaches of confidentiality
obligations under Section 4, or (b) limit in any way a party's indemnification obligations with respect to third-party claims
under Sections 7.1 or 7.2, as applicable. 

7.5          Insurance.
Sponsor hereby represents and warrants that it will maintain adequate clinical trial and product liability insurance coverage
for each Project consistent with industry standards, through a reputable insurance carrier, to cover all subjects screened or
treated as part of a clinical trial for personal injury suffered as a result of the participation in the trial or the trial screening
process. PRC represents and warrants that it will maintain an insurance policy or program of self-insurance at commercially reasonable
levels during the term of this Agreement. Each party shall, at the other party's request, provide to the other party proof of
its insurance coverage. 

8.     Record Storage; Inspections.     

8.1          Record
Maintenance During P roject. During the term of this Agreement, PRC shall maintain all materials and all other data obtained
or generated by PRC in the course of providing the Services hereunder. including all computerized records and files (collectively,
   Records ) .   PRC shall cooperate with any reasonable internal review or
audit by Sponsor and make available to Sponsor for examination and duplication, during normal business hours and at mutually agreeable
times, all Records relating to a Project. 

8.2          Record
Maintenance After Completion or Termination of P roject. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Work Order, all Records
for a Project shall be transferred to Sponsor by PRC upon the Project completion or termination. At Sponsor's option, the Records
shall be either (a) delivered to the location designated by Sponsor at Sponsor's expense, or (b) disposed of at Sponsor's expense.
If PRC is required or requested to maintain and/or store the Records for a Project for a period beyond the completion or termination
of the applicable Project, Sponsor shall reimburse PRC for its reasonable maintenance and storage costs. In no event shall PRC
dispose of Records without first giving Sponsor 60 days' prior written notice of its intent to dispose of the Records and, if
Sponsor so requests, PRC shall transfer such Records to Sponsor at Sponsor's expense. PRC shall be entitled at its sole expense
to retain copies of the Records reasonably necessary for regulatory purposes or to demonstrate the satisfaction of its obligations
hereunder, all subject to the confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 4 above. 

8.3          Regulatory
I nspections. If any governmental regulatory authority of appropriate jurisdiction conducts, or gives notice of intent to conduct,
an inspection at PRC directly related to the Services or takes any other regulatory action directly related to the Services, PRC
shall promptly give Sponsor notice thereof and supply to Sponsor all information pertinent thereto. PRC shall cooperate with all
regulatory authorities and permit such inspections relating to the Services. To the extent not prohibited by law, Sponsor shall
have the right, but not the obligation, to be present at any such inspection and to review and comment on any responses required.
If Sponsor receives notice of such an inspection to be conducted at PRC, Sponsor shall inform PRC of said inspection and cooperate
with PRC by providing any information requested by the inspecting authority. 

8.4          Audits.
 Sponsor shall have the right, for the duration of this Agreement and at reasonable times during PRC's normal business hours,
to examine PRC's standard operating procedures, PRC's facilities where Services are performed, and Records to confirm that the
Services are being performed in accordance with this Agreement, the relevant Work Order, the relevant Protocol, and applicable
laws and regulations. PRC shall provide reasonable assistance, including making available members of its staff, to facilitate
such inspections and audits. Sponsor agrees that it shall not disclose to any third party any information ascertained by Sponsor
in connection with any such audit or examination, except to the extent required by law or regulation. 

8.5         Sponsor
shall reimburse PRC for its time and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees and the costs of responding to findings) associated
with any inspection, audit or investigation relating to the Services instigated by Sponsor or by a governmental authority, unless
such inspection, audit or investigation finds that PRC breached this Agreement or any applicable law or regulation. 

9.  Miscellaneous.   

9.1          Independent
Contractor Relationship . The parties hereto are independent contractors, and nothing contained in this Agreement is intended,
and shall not be construed, to place the parties in the relationship of partners, principal and agent, employer/employee or joint
enture. Neither party shall have any right, power or authority to bind or obligate the other, nor shall either hold itself out
as having such right, power or authority. Any investigators or institutions used in connection with the clinical investigation
to which the Work Order relates shall be independent contractors exercising independent judgment and shall not be deemed to 

 be employees, subcontractors or agents of
PRC. 

9.2          Nonsoli
c itation. During the term of this Agreement and for 12 months following its termination (the  Restricted Period ),
Sponsor will not, without PRC's prior written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any employee or contractor
of PRC to terminate employment with, or cease providing services to, PRC. However, the parties agree that if Sponsor hires an
employee or contractor of PRC in violation of this Section 9.2, Sponsor shall pay PRC a fee of 30% of such person's annualized
salary or contractor rates for the first year of services. 

9.3          Force
M ajeure. If either party shall be delayed or hindered in or prevented from the performance of any act required hereunder by
reason of strike, lockouts, labor troubles, restrictive governmental or judicial orders or decrees, riots, insurrection, war,
acts of God, inclement weather or other reason or cause reasonably beyond such party's control (each a    Force
Majeure ),   then performance of such act shall be excused for the period of such Force Majeure. Any timelines affected
by a Force Majeure shall be extended for a period equal to that of the Force Majeure. The party incurring the Force Majeure shall
provide notice to the other of the commencement and termination of the Force Majeure, and shall take reasonable, diligent efforts
to remove the condition constituting such Force Majeure or to avoid its affects so as to resume performance as soon as practicable.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 9.3 shall not excuse any delay or failure by Sponsor to pay any amounts owed to PRC
hereunder. 

9.4           Notic es.
Any notice required or permitted to be given hereunder by either party hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed given on
the date delivered if delivered (a) personally, (b) by recognized overnight courier, (c) via facsimile (with confirmation of receipt
generated by the transmitting machine) or (d) by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices to each
party shall be sent to the address for said party set forth in the applicable Work Order. If no address is provided in the Work
Order, then notices shall be sent to the following address: 

If to Sponsor: 

Either party may change its notice address
by notice to the other party hereto in the form and manner provided in this Section  9.4.  

9.5         Severance.
If any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall be found to be illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, provided the surviving agreement
materially comports with the parties' original intent. The parties shall make a good faith effort to replace any such provision
with a valid and enforceable one such that the objectives contemplated by the parties when entering this Agreement may be realized. 

9.6           W aiver.
Waiver or forbearance by either party hereto of any of its rights under this Agreement or applicable law in any one or more instances
must be in writing and signed by the waiving party and shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver or forbearance of any other
right or a further or continuing waiver of such rights.  

9.7          Amendments;
Assig nment. No amendment, change or modification to this Agreement or any Work Order shall be effective unless in writing
and executed by authorized representatives of the parties hereto. This Agreement and any Work Order may not be assigned by either
party without the other party's prior written consent. 

9.8.          Arbitration
and Equitable Reli e f. 

A.
  Arbitration.   Sponsor and PRC agree that any and all controversies, claims or disputes
with anyone (including without limitation, Sponsor and Sponsor's heirs, successors and assigns, PRC and any employee, officer,
director, shareholder or benefit plan of PRC, in its capacity as such or otherwise} arising out of, relating to or resulting from
Sponsor's performance of the Services under this Agreement or the termination of this Agreement, including any breach of this
Agreement, shall be subject to binding arbitration under the Arbitration Rules set forth in California Code of Civil Procedure
Section 1280 through 1294.2, including Section 1283.05 (the    Rules }   and
pursuant to California law. Sponsor AND PRC AGREE TO ARBITRATE, AND THEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT
TO, ALL DISPUTES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. Sponsor understands that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies
to any disputes that PRC may have with Sponsor.  

B.           Procedure.
  Sponsor and PRC agree that any arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration
Association  ( AAA ),  and that a neutral arbitrator will be selected in a manner consistent with its Commercial
Rules. Sponsor and PRC agree that the arbitrator will have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration,
including discovery motions, motions for summary judgment and/or adjudication and motions to dismiss and demurrers, prior to any
arbitration hearing. Sponsor and PRC agree that the arbitrator will issue a written decision on the merits. Sponsor and PRC also
agree that the arbitrator will have the power to award any remedies, including attorneys' fees and costs, available under applicable
law. Sponsor and PRC agree that the arbitrator will administer and conduct any arbitration in a manner consistent with the Rules
and that, to the extent that the AAA's Commercial Rules conflict with the Rules, the Rules will take precedence.  

C.           Remedy.
  Except as provided by the Rules, arbitration will be the sole, exclusive and final remedy for
any dispute between PRC and Sponsor. Accordingly, except as provided for by the Rules, neither PRC nor Sponsor will be permitted
to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the arbitrator will not
have the authority to disregard or refuse to enforce any lawful PRC policy, and the arbitrator shall not order or require PRC
to adopt a policy not otherwise required by law which PRC has not adopted.  

D.           Availability
of Injunctive Relief.   The parties shall retain all rights to seek injunctive relief, as provided
under Section 1281.8 of the California Code of Civil Procedure.  

9.9          Governing
Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving
effect to any choice of law principles that would require the application of the laws of a different slate.  

9.10          Counterparts
and Facsimile Signatures.  This Agreement, and any subsequent amendment(s), may be executed in counterparts and the counterparts,
together, shall constitute a single agreement. A facsimile transmission of this signed Agreement or a Work Order bearing a signature
on behalf of a party shall be legal and binding on such party. 

9.11          Entire
Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes, as of the Effective Date, all
prior negotiations, representations or agreements, either written or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

9.12          Testimony.
 Should PRC be obligated to provide testimony or records regarding a Protocol or a drug that is the subject of any Project
in any legal or administrative proceeding, then Sponsor shall reimburse PRC for its reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket costs
therefor, plus an hourly fee for the time spent by its employees or consultants in providing such testimony or records equal to
the internal fully-burdened cost to PRC of such employee or consultant. However, the foregoing shall not apply (a) to litigation
between the parties arising under this Agreement, or (b) to legal or administrative proceedings that result, in whole or in part,
from (i) the negligence, gross negligence or wilful misconduct of PRC or its personnel, or (ii) PRC's breach of its obligations,
representations or warranties hereunder. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this
Agreement has been executed and delivered by the parties hereto by their duly authorized officers as of the Effective Date. 

PROFESSIONAL  
     RESEARCH CONSULTING, INC.   
       
      (SPONSOR]   
 
       0/8/A PRC  CLINICAL  

By:  

By:  

Name:  

Name:   
      Donald Dickerson   

Title:  

Title:  
      Chief
    Operating Officer   

Date:  

Date:  
      11/15/2015   

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 v452531_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3  

Clinical Trial Agreement  

This Clinical Trial Agreement ( Agreement )
is made as of this 19th day of September, 2016 ( Effective Date ) by and between  Creative Medical Technologies,
Inc.  with a place of business at 2017 W. Peoria Avenue, Phoenix, AZ, 85029 ( CMT ) and  Los Angeles Biomedical
Research Institute at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center , a non-profit biomedical research and education institute located at 1124
W. Carson Street, Building N-14, Torrance, CA 90502 ( Institution ). 

CMT desires to have Institution conduct a clinical
trial to be supervised by its member Jacob Rajfer, M.D., ( Principal Investigator ) under the CMT patented intellectual
property and protocol entitled,   Feasibility Study of Intra-cavernosal Administration of Non-Expanded Autologous Bone
Marrow Cells in Treatment of Erectile Dysfunction  , ( Study ). CMT wishes to provide certain support for
the Study, as is more fully described in Section 4 of this Agreement. 

The Institution and CMT are hereinafter each
individually referred to as a  Party  and collectively referred to as the  Parties . 

Accordingly, the Parties agree as follows: 

1.   Investigators and Re se arch Staff    

1.1    Principal Investigator.   The Study will be supervised and completed by Principal Investigator
at Institution.   

1.2    Obligations.   Institution will ensure that Principal Investigator and any other personnel
who participate in the conduct of the Study abide by all applicable terms of this Agreement. Institution is responsible to CMT
for compliance by all personnel, including the Principal Investigator, with the terms of this Agreement.   

1.3    Delegation of Duties by Principal Investigator.   Principal Investigator may delegate
duties and responsibilities to sub-investigators or research staff only to the extent permitted by Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) regulations governing the conduct of clinical investigations.   

1.4    Compliance with Institutional Policies.   Institution will ensure that Principal Investigator
complies with Institution s policies and procedures, including applicable financial policies. Institution will notify CMT
promptly of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any such policy or procedure, and the parties will attempt to
reach an appropriate accommodation.   

2.1    Protocol.   The Study will be conducted in accordance with a protocol developed by
CMT ( Protocol ).   

2.2    Ame ndme nts.   If CMT modifies the IRB-approved final Protocol, CMT will inform Principal
Investigator in writing and seek approval from IRB for any such amendments.   

3.   Study Conduct    

3.1    Sponsorship.   This is a sponsored study, CMT has designed the study and CMT is funding
the Study.   

3.2    Regulatory.   CMT is solely responsible for any and all safety reporting and regulatory
obligations associated with the conduct of the Study.   

3.3    Standards.   Principal Investigator will conduct the Study in accordance with the Protocol,
International Conference on Harmonization Good Clinical Practice (ICHGCP) guidelines, and all applicable governmental laws, rules,
and regulations.   

3.4    IRB Approval.   If required, Principal Investigator will ensure that the Study is approved
by and subject to continuing oversight by an appropriate Institutional Review Board (IRB). Institution will provide CMT with documentation
of both the initial IRB approval and annual renewals of that approval. Institution will notify CMT promptly of any withdrawal or
suspension of IRB approval during the term of this Agreement.   

3.5    Informed Consent.   Principal Investigator will obtain informed consent for each Study
subject in accordance with 21 Code of Federal Regulations Part 50 and will Inform Study subjects that CMT is providing support
for the Study. CMT has no obligation to participate in the development of, or to review or comment on, the informed consent form.   

3.6      Monitoring and Data Collection.   CMT may monitor the
Study and receive any subject-level Study data, excluding the identity of any patients involved with the Study.  During and
for a period of at least two years after the completion of the Study, CMT shall promptly report to the Investigator any information
that could directly affect the health or safety of past or current Study subjects or influence the conduct of the study, including
but not limited to the Study results and information in site monitoring reports and data safety monitoring committee reports as
required by the Protocol. In each case, the Investigator and Institution shall be free to communicate these findings to each Study
subject and the IRB.   

3.7    Duration of Study .  Principal Investigator
expects to complete Study conduct by April 30, 2018. If required, the Study must be approved by CMT should an extension past
April 30, 2018 to complete the Study is needed. 

3.8    Status Updates.   Principal Investigator will provide CMT with an update of Study status
at least once per quarter during the term of this Agreement, or more frequently if mutually agreed by the Parties. Each status
update will include subject enrollment, publication plans, any adjustments in estimated study completion date, and any other information
reasonably requested by CMT.   

4.    Research Support.   CMT will provide funding in support of the Study in accordance
with the payment schedule and budget in Attachment A. This funding constitutes the CMT Financial Support for this Study. In addition,
CMT shall provide the Institution with all equipment and supplies necessary to conduct the Study as required hereby, the sufficiency
and adequacy of the equipment and supplies to be reasonably determined by the Institution. The provision of the equipment and supplies
so described and the CMT Financial Support constitutes the Research Support for this Study.   

4.1    Basis of Support.   This financial support is not conditioned on any pre-existing or
future research or business relationship between the Principal Investigator and CMT or Institution and CMT. It is also not conditioned
on any business, research or other decisions the Principal Investigator or Institution has made, or may make, relating to CMT or
CMT Products.   

4.2    Use of Financial Support.   The Principal Investigator and Institution will use the
financial support solely for purposes of the Study.   

4.3    Study Budget.   Institution represents that the Institution-provided study budget upon
which the support is based reflects an informed estimate of all funds required to complete the Study.   

4.4    Disclosure by CMT.   In the interest of transparency relating to its financial relationships
with investigators and study sites, CMT may publicly disclose the funding associated with this Agreement. Any such report by CMT
will clearly differentiate between payments made to institutions and payments made to individuals.   

5.    Study Data.   Principal Investigator and Institution are free to publish the results
of the Study, subject to the provisions in Section 7 (Publications), and to use data generated from the Study for their own research
and educational purposes and programs. However, in consideration of the CMT support, Principal Investigator and Institution shall
not use or permit others to use Study data for the commercial benefit of any third party.   

6.    Study Report.   No later than ninety (90) days after the final examination and follow-up
review of any patient included within the Study, Principal Investigator will provide CMT with a written report of the Study results
( Study Report ). The Study Report may take the form of a manuscript for publication (see Section 7, Publications).
If the Agreement is terminated early, the Study Report shall include, at minimum, the results of the Study up until the date of
termination.   

7.    Publications.   CMT supports the exercise of academic freedom and encourages Principal
Investigator to publish the results of the Study, whether or not the results are favorable to CMT or any CMT product.   

7.1    Pre-Publication Review.   Principal Investigator will provide CMT an opportunity (a
minimum of 30 days before submission or other public disclosure) to prospectively review any proposed publication, abstract, or
other type of disclosure that reports the results of the Study (collectively,  Publication ). CMT further recognizes
and accepts that under Institution s mission as a non-profit, responsible medical center, Institution and its investigators
must have a meaningful right to publish research results without CMT s approval or editorial control, regardless of the Study s
outcome; provided, however, that if reasonably requested by CMT, Institution shall not publish or publicly disclose any confidential
information belonging to CMT. If CMT reasonably determines that the proposed publication or public disclosure contains patentable
subject matter which requires protection, CMT may request the delay of publication or public disclosure for a period of time not
to exceed ninety (90) days for the purpose of filing patent applications. If no written response is received from CMT within the
applicable review period, it may be conclusively presumed that publication or public disclosure may proceed without delay.   

7.2    Standards.   For all Publications, Principal Investigator will comply with recognized
ethical standards concerning publications and authorship, including the  Uniform Requirements for Manuscripts Submitted to Biomedical
Journals , established by the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors.   

7.3    Disclosure of Support.   Principal Investigator will disclose CMT support of the Study
in any Publication of Study results.   

8.     Indemnification;
                                         Insurance ; Subject Injury.     

8.1  CMT will indemnify and hold harmless the County of Los Angeles, the Institution, Site, Principal
Investigator, and Institution and Site s trustees, directors, officers members and employees (collectively,  Indemnified
Parties ) against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, costs, and expenses including reasonable attorneys  fees
and costs (collectively,  Losses ) they may suffer in connection with any claim or lawsuit brought by a third party:
(a) for bodily injury, including death, arising out of the conduct of the Study in accordance with the Protocol and the Agreement,
(b) that arises out of CMT s use of the Study results, or (c) that arises out of the negligence, recklessness, or willful
misconduct of CMT or its directors, officers, employees, or agents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CMT will not be obligated to
indemnify the Institution Indemnitees to the extent that such Losses arise from (i) negligence, recklessness, or willful misconduct
on the part of any of the Institution Indemnitees or the Study Personnel, or (ii) a breach of the Institution s obligations,
representations, or certifications under this Agreement.   

8.2  Institution agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless CMT and CMT s (the   CMT
Indemnitees  ) from any and all Losses they may suffer in connection with any claim or lawsuit brought by a third party
arising out of: (a) the negligence, recklessness, or willful misconduct on the part of the Institution or Institution s officers,
employees, agents, and subcontractors (including Study Personnel), or (b) a breach of the Institution s obligations, representations,
or certifications under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Institution will not be obligated to indemnify the Sponsor
Indemnitees to the extent that such Losses arise from (i) the negligence, recklessness, or willful misconduct on the part of any
of the Sponsor Indemnitees, or (ii) a breach of the Sponsor s obligations, representations, or certifications under this
Agreement.   

8.3  Each party s agreement to indemnify, defend, and hold the other party and its respective
indemnitees harmless is conditioned upon the indemnified party: (a) providing written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim,
demand, or action arising out of the indemnified activities within thirty (30) days after the indemnified party has knowledge of
such claim, demand, or action, provided that any failure on the part of an indemnified party to notify the indemnifying party of
receipt of notice of a claim will relieve the indemnifying party of its obligation to indemnify the indemnified party for such
claim under this Agreement only to the extent that the indemnifying party has been prejudiced by the lack of timely and adequate
notice; (b) permitting the indemnifying party to assume full responsibility and authority to investigate, prepare for, defend against,
and settle any such claim or demand; and (c) assisting the indemnifying party, at the indemnifying party s reasonable expense,
in the investigation of, preparation for, and defense of any such claim or demand. If the indemnifying party assumes the defense
of a third party claim, the indemnifying party will not be subject to any liability for any settlement of such claim made by the
indemnified party without the indemnifying party s consent, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   

8.4.  During the term of this Agreement and for at least one (1) year thereafter, Institution will, at
its own expense, carry and maintain medical professional liability insurance with limits of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000)
per incident and there million dollars ($3,000,000) per aggregate for each person and entity peforming services under this Agreement,
including but not limited to Institution and Investigator. These policies will provide coverage for incidents, claims, and suits
arising from activities performed in connection with this Agreement and reported during the term of this Agreement, as well as
those incidents, claims, and suits arising from such activities but reported after the expiration or termination of this Agreement.   

8.5  During the term of this Agreement and for at least one (1) year thereafter, Sponsor will, at its
own expense, carry and maintain in full force insurance coverage to support its obligations under the indemnification, liability
and related provisions of this Agreement, with limits of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) per incident and three
million dollars ($3,000,000) per aggregate. These policies will provide coverage for incidents, claims, and suits arising from
activities performed in connection with this Agreement and reported during the term of this Agreement, as well as those incidents,
claims, and suits arising from such activities but reported after the expiration or termination of this Agreement.   

Either Party will at the request
of other party, have its insurance carrier for such insurance furnish to the requesting party, a certificate that such insurance
is in force, such certificate to indicate any deductible and/or self-insured retention and stipulate that such insurance will not
be canceled while this Agreement is in effect without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to requesting party. 

8.6  CMT will reimburse Institution for reasonable and necessary medical expenses, including hospitalization,
it incurs in providing necessary medical treatment to a Study subjects who are injured or have adverse reactions directly resulting
from any research procedure performed in accordance with the Protocol, provided that such adverse reactions, or research procedures
performed, are in no way attributable to: (a) a failure of the Institution and/or Investigator to adhere to the Protocol, (b) the
negligence or misconduct of any agents, contractors, or employees of Site or Institution or, (c) the natural progression of a subject s
underlying, re-existing medical condition or disease. For clarity, CMT will not pay for the treatment of medical complications
that are a part of the natural course of the primary disease, but will reimburse Institution for reasonable and necessary medical
expenses incurred for the treatment by Institution of aggravations of existing conditions that directly result from any research
procedures performed in accordance with the Protocol.   

9.   Adverse Experiences.  CMT shall promptly notify Investigator of any findings of new and unexpected
serious adverse events rising from CMT s monitoring of the Study that could affect the safety of subjects, and trends or
patterns of non-serious or expected adverse events that occur at a specificity or severity that is inconsistent with prior observations
all in accordance with the obligations set forth in  21 C.F.R. 312.32(c), 21  C.F.R. 312.55
(b), 21 C.F.R. 56.108 (b) and FDA s Guidance on Adverse Event Reporting to Institutional Review Boards in Clinical Trials
(January 2009). In the event that any adverse reactions associated with the Study Drug indicate the possibility of significant
health hazards, Institution and Investigator shall notify Sponsor within twenty-four (24) hours of making such discovery. Institution
and Investigator shall at all times have the right to provide information regarding such adverse events to Study subjects if it
is determined that such adverse events may have an effect on the Study subject s health.   

10.    Use of Name.   The use by any Party of the name, trademark, trade name, logo or any
adaption thereof, of any other Party in any publication, press release, advertisement, announcement, promotional material, or promotional
activity relating to the Study requires the prior written consent of the other Party, subject, however, to the following:   

a. CMT may, without prior consent,
identify Institution as the entity conducting the Study, and identify the Principal Investigator as conducting the Study at the
Institute. This paragraph does not apply to information of Sub-investigators or other study personnel. 

b. Institute and Principal Investigator
may, without prior consent, disclose their participation in the Study (Including the name of CMT, name of the Study, protocol number,
funding amount, and any information available in a public registry) as required by law, court order, or state regulation; or in
(1) C.V.s, (2) their website, (3) industry directories, (4) presentations, (7) grant applications to non-commercial funding sources,
(8) government reports and filings, and (9) conflict-of-interest reports. This paragraph applies to Sub-investigators and other
study personnel. 

c. CMT, as required by law or regulation,
may disclose and make public the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the name of Institution
and Principal Investigator and the amount of payments under this Agreement. 

11.    Intellectual Property.   Intellectual Property that either Party owned prior to execution
of this Agreement, or develops independently of the Study and other Party s confidential information is that Party s
separate property. It is not affected by this Agreement. Neither Party has any claims to or rights in such Intellectual Property
of other Party.   

10.1    Inventorship.   Inventorship shall be determined under federal patent laws.   

10.2    Institution Intellectual Property.   All individual or collective inventions, improvements
or discoveries, whether or not patentable or copyrightable which are conceived or made solely by one or more employees or members
of the Institution ( Institution Intellectual Property ) in performance of the Study during the term of this Agreement
shall be considered Institution Intellectual Property. All rights and title to Institution Intellectual Property created pursuant
to the Study shall belong to Institution and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.   

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, however, Institution acknowledges and agrees that it shall not under any circumstance make commercial use of Institution
Intellectual Property in such a way as to compete with any business of CMT, including any of its productions whether existing or
prospective, or gain commercial advantage over any such business of CMT as a result thereof. In consideration of CMT's support
of Institution in performance of any such clinical testing or other services provided under this Agreement, Institution hereby
grants to CMT an option for an exclusive license to said Institution Intellectual Property, which shall expire six months after
Institution has provided written notice to CMT of any such invention, improvement or discovery made by Institution ( Option
Period ). Upon exercise of the option in writing, the Parties will meet within thirty (30) days to begin negotiating the terms
of the license. The Parties agree to negotiate in good faith. In the event a license is not executed within six (6) months from
the exercise of the option, or the option is not exercised within the Option Period, the Institution shall be free to license the
Institution Intellectual Property to others at the Institution's sole discretion with no further obligation to the CMT. 

10.3    CMT Intellectual Property.   All individual or collective inventions, improvements
or discoveries, whether or not patentable or copyrightable which are conceived or made solely by one or more employees of CMT ( CMT
Intellectual Property ) in performance of the Study during the term of this Agreement shall be considered CMT Intellectual
Property. All rights and title to CMT Intellectual Property created pursuant to the Study shall belong to CMT and shall be subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.   

10.4    Joint Intellectual Property.   All individual or collective inventions, improvements
or discoveries, whether or not patentable or copyrightable which are conceived and reduced to practice jointly by one or more employees
or members of each Party ( Joint Intellectual Property ) in performance of the Study during the term of this Agreement
shall be considered Joint Intellectual Property. All rights and title to Joint Intellectual Property created pursuant to the Study
shall belong jointly to Institution and CMT and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.   

a.  Each Party will promptly notify the other when Joint Intellectual Property is created. Inventions
made jointly by CMT and Institution will be owned jointly by CMT and Institution CMT shall accordingly have the right, at its option
and expense, and through patent attorneys or agents of its choice, to make all decisions with respect to, and to otherwise control
preparation, filing and prosecution (including any proceedings relating to reissues, reexaminations, protests, interferences, and
requests for patent extensions or supplementary protection certificates) of any patent application with respect to any Joint Intellectual
Property and to maintain any patents issuing therefrom. CMT shall provide Institution an opportunity to review decisions related
to the prosecution of any patent application based upon Joint Intellectual Property.   

b.  CMT shall not retain patent attorneys or agents if such representatives pose a conflict of interest
with respect to the Institution s rights in Institution Intellectual Property and Joint Intellectual Property..   

c.  If CMT elects not to exercise its rights in the Joint Intellectual Property or CMT decides to discontinue
or refrain from providing the financial support for the prosecution or maintenance of patents or patent applications claiming Joint
Intellectual Property, then CMT shall be deemed to have irrevocably assigned its rights in such patents and patent applications
to the Institution and, as a result, the Institution shall be free to file or continue prosecution or maintain any such application(s)
and to maintain any protection issuing thereon in the United States of America and in any foreign country at the Institution s
sole expense and all rights in the applicable patent or patent applications shall thereupon be transferred to the Institution.   

12.    Grant of Rights .   Institution hereby grants to CMT, an exclusive option at CMT s
sole election, to negotiate for an exclusive license to Institution s interest in any Joint Intellectual Property. Terms
and conditions of these licenses are to be negotiated in good faith and agreed upon between Institution and CMT. CMT shall notify
Institution by written notice within ninety (90) days of agreement of the Parties whether or not CMT elects to exercise the option.
If CMT either (i) elects not to exercise its option or (ii) fails to provide written notice within such ninety (90) day period,
then CMT shall automatically be deemed to have relinquished any rights it may have to any Intellectual Property or license described
in this section. If CMT provides Institution written notice of its exercise of the option, the parties shall exclusively negotiate
in good faith, for a period of ninety (90) days, a license to the applicable Institution Intellectual Property and Joint Intellectual
Property on terms consistent with the terms of this paragraph. If, after good faith negotiations, no agreement is reached by the
parties within such ninety (90) day period, Institution shall be free to enter into a license agreement with any third party for
any Institution Intellectual Property and to license its rights in any Joint Intellectual Property to any third party.   

12.1    Termination Events.   Termination of this Agreement will be triggered by the earlier
of any of the following events.   

a.    Study Completion.   The Agreement will terminate with the Study is complete, which
means the completion of all Protocol-required activities for all enrolled subjects and receipt, by CMT, of a final Study Report.   

b.    Early Termination by Institution.   If Institution terminates the Study early, for
any reason, Institution may terminate the Agreement on the conditions that (i) thirty (30) days written notice of termination is
provided to CMT, and (ii) in the event that any patients remain enrolled in the Study as of the date of Institution s decision
to termination, then Institution shall, notwithstanding its termination of the Agreement, continue to comply with the requirements
of both the IRB and federal regulations affecting clinical study patient follow-up examination and care.   

c.    Early Termination by CM T.   CMT may terminate the Agreement early in any of the following
circumstances:   

i.  The Protocol is modified in a way unacceptable to CMT (see section 2.2, Amendments);   

ii.  Study conduct is not completed within six months after the target date ( see Section 3.7, Duration
of Study);   

iii.  The Study does not start within six months of the Effective Date of this Agreement.   

iv.  The Study design or objectives are no longer scientifically relevant.   

d.    Termination for Cause.   Either Party may terminate the Agreement immediately upon
notification for cause, including but not limited to uncured material breach of the terms of this Agreement by the other Party.   

e.    Effective Date of Termination.   If termination is triggered by events described in
Sections 10.1 a. b. or c above, termination will be effective after completion by both parties of any remaining applicable Agreement
obligations.   

f.    Payment upon Termination.   If the Agreement is terminated early for any reason other
than an uncured material breach of this Agreement by Principal Investigator or Institution, CMT will pay a pro rata portion of
the total funding, less payments already made.   

a.    Debarment and Exclusion.   Institution certifies that neither it nor Principal Investigator
is debarred under subsections 306(a) or (b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and that it has not and will not use in
any capacity the services of any person debarred under such law with respect to services to be performed under this Agreement.
Institution also certifies that neither it nor Principal Investigator is excluded from any federal health care program, including
but not limited to Medicare and Medicaid. Institution will notify CMT promptly if either of these certifications needs to be amended
in light of new information.   

b.    Warranty.   INSTITUTION MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY REGARDING THE RESULTS OF THE STUDY.   

c.    Governing Law.   This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of
the State of California, without regard for its conflict of law provisions.   

d.    Notice  . All notices required under this Agreement will be in writing and be deemed
to have been given when hand delivered, sent by overnight courier or certified mail, as follows, provided that all urgent matters,
such as safety reports, will be promptly communicated via telephone, and confirmed in writing:   

e.    Entire Agreement.   This agreement and its attachments constitute the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to this subject matter. All express or implied representations, agreements and understandings,
either oral or written, heretofore made are expressly superseded by this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, or any term
hereof modified, only by a written instrument duly executed by both parties.   

f.    Independent contractors  . Each party hereby acknowledges that the parties shall be
independent contractors and that the relationship between the parties shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency.
Neither party shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or commitments of any kind, or to take any action,
which shall be binding on the other party, without the prior consent of the other party to do so.   

g.    Waive r.   The waiver by a party of any right hereunder, or of any failure to perform
or breach by the other party hereunder, shall not be deemed a waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure
by the other party hereunder whether of a similar nature or otherwise.   

h.    Conflict with Attachments.   If there is any conflict between this agreement and any
Attachments to it, or between the Agreement and the Protocol, the terms of this Agreement will control.   

i.    Counterparts  . This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, and by facsimile
or electronically as a portable document format (pdf) file or similar electronic file, each of which will be deemed an original,
and when executed separately or together, will constitute a single original instrument, effective in the same manner as if the
parties had executed one and the same instrument.   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused
this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives. 

CREATIVE MEDICAL HEALTH, INC.   
       
       LOS ANGLES BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH    

INSTITUTE AT HARBOR-UCLA MEDICAL CENTER    

By:   
      /s/ Timothy Warbington   
       
      By:   
      /s Allison Weber   
 
      Name:   
      Timothy Warbington  
       
      Name: Allison Weber   
 
      Title:   
      President   Chief Executive Officer  
       
      Title: Director, Research Administration   
 
      Date:   

Date: 9/20/16   

READ AND ACKNOWLEDGED:   

By:  
      /s/ Jacob Rajfer, MD  

Name:  
      Jacob Rajfer, MD  

Title:  
      Principal Investor  

Date:   
      9/19/2016  

Attachment A 

Payment Schedule 

Site will send payment requests to: 

ATTN: 

 Creative Medical Technologies, Inc. 

 C/O Timothy
Warbington 

 2017 W. Peoria Ave. 

 Phoenix, AZ 85029 

 Email: ceo@creativemedicalhealth.com 

CMT will send payments to: 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v452531_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Timothy Warbington, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Creative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc.
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods present in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Timothy Warbington   

Timothy Warbington   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v452531_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION OF  

  PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Donald Dickerson, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Creative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc.
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods present in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Donald Dickerson   

Donald Dickerson   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 v452531_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

In connection with this Quarterly Report of
Creative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), I, Timothy Warbington,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

2.  
      The information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Creative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Timothy Warbington   

Timothy Warbington   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 v452531_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF  

  PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

In connection with this Quarterly Report of
Creative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), I, Donald Dickerson,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

2.  
      The information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Creative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Donald Dickerson   

Donald Dickerson   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 celz-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 celz-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 celz-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 celz-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 celz-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 celz-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

