<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161012_10-Q_edgar_data_1377936_0001193125-16-736726_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1588642</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>195888</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>849927</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-736726.hdr.sgml : 20161012
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161012160057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-736726
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161012
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161012

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SARATOGA INVESTMENT CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001377936
		IRS NUMBER:				204876925
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00732
		FILM NUMBER:		161933240

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		535 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 750-3343

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		535 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GSC INVESTMENT CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070321

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GSC Investment LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-736726.txt : 20161012

10-Q
 1
 d263893d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
    
  FORM 10-Q        

For the Quarterly Period Ended August 31, 2016       
 
  Commission File Number: 001-33376        
       SARATOGA
INVESTMENT CORP.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Maryland  
   
  20-8700615   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
     
    (212) 906-7800   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
  Not applicable      (Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report)        
      Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one):  

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).    Yes         No       
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding as of October 11, 2016 was 5,716,776.  

Table of Contents  

     TABLE OF CONTENTS   

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements   
    Saratoga Investment Corp.   
  Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities       
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Saratoga Investment Corp.   
  Consolidated Statements of Operations   
  (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Saratoga Investment Corp.   
  Consolidated Schedule of Investments   
  August 31, 2016   
  (unaudited)       

(a) 
 Represents a non-qualifying investment as defined under Section 55 (a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Non-qualifying assets represent 5.1% of the Company s portfolio at fair value. As
a BDC, the Company can only invest 30% of its portfolio in non-qualifying assets.    

(c) 
 Because there is no readily available market value for these investments, the fair value of these investments is approved in good faith by our board of directors (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).

(d) 
 These securities are pledged as collateral under a senior secured revolving credit facility (see Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements).    

(e) 
 This investment does not have a stated interest rate that is payable thereon. As a result, the 21.13% interest rate in the table above represents the effective interest rate currently earned on the investment cost and
is based on the current cash interest and other income generated by the investment.    

(f) 
 As defined in the Investment Company Act, we  Control  this portfolio company because we own more than 25% of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. Transactions during the period in which
the issuer was both an Affiliate and a portfolio company that we Control are as follows:        

(h) 
 Includes securities issued by an affiliate of the company.    

(i) 
 Non-U.S. company. The principal place of business for Polar Holding Company, Ltd. is Canada.    

(j) 
 The investment has an unfunded commitment as of August 31, 2016 (see Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements).    

(k) 
 The entire commitment was unfunded at August 31, 2016. As such, no interest is being earned on this investment.    

(l) 
 Included within cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of August 31, 2016.    
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Saratoga Investment Corp.   
  Consolidated Schedule of Investments   
  February 29, 2016       

(a) 
 Represents a non-qualifying investment as defined under Section 55 (a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Non-qualifying assets represent 5.2% of the Company s portfolio at fair value. As
a BDC, the Company can only invest 30% of its portfolio in non-qualifying assets.    

(c) 
 Because there is no readily available market value for these investments, the fair value of these investments is approved in good faith by our board of directors (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).

(d) 
 These securities are pledged as collateral under a senior secured revolving credit facility (see Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements).    

(e) 
 This investment does not have a stated interest rate that is payable thereon. As a result, the 16.14% interest rate in the table above represents the effective interest rate currently earned on the investment cost and
is based on the current cash interest and other income generated by the investment.    

(f) 
 As defined in the Investment Company Act, we  Control  this portfolio company because we own more than 25% of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. Transactions during the period in which
the issuer was both an Affiliate and a portfolio company that we Control are as follows:        

(h) 
 Includes securities issued by an affiliate of the company.    

(i) 
 Non-U.S. company. The principal place of business for Polar Holding Company, Ltd. is Canada.    

(j) 
 The investment has an unfunded commitment as of February 29, 2016 (see Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements).    

(k) 
 The entire commitment was unfunded at February 29, 2016. As such, no interest is being earned on this investment.    

(l) 
 Included within cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of February 29, 2016.    
      6  

Table of Contents  

     Saratoga Investment Corp.   
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets   
  (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

     Saratoga Investment Corp.   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

     SARATOGA INVESTMENT CORP.   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  August 31, 2016   
  (unaudited)      Note 1. Organization
    Saratoga Investment Corp. (the  Company ,  we ,  our  and  us ) is a non-diversified
closed-end management investment company incorporated in Maryland that has elected to be treated and is regulated as a business development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). The Company
commenced operations on March 23, 2007 as GSC Investment Corp. and completed the initial public offering ( IPO ) on March 28, 2007. The Company has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under
subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code (the  Code ). The Company expects to continue to qualify and to elect to be treated, for tax purposes, as a RIC. The Company s investment objective is to generate current income and, to a
lesser extent, capital appreciation from its investments.    GSC Investment, LLC (the  LLC ) was organized in May 2006
as a Maryland limited liability company. As of February 28, 2007, the LLC had not yet commenced its operations and investment activities.  
 On March 21, 2007, the Company was incorporated and concurrently therewith the LLC was merged with and into the Company, with the
Company as the surviving entity, in accordance with the procedure for such merger in the LLC s limited liability company agreement and Maryland law. In connection with such merger, each outstanding limited liability company interest of
the LLC was converted into a share of common stock of the Company.    On July 30, 2010, the Company changed its name from
 GSC Investment Corp.  to  Saratoga Investment Corp.  in connection with the consummation of a recapitalization transaction.  
 The Company is externally managed and advised by the investment adviser, Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC (the  Manager ),
pursuant to a management agreement (the  Management Agreement ). Prior to July 30, 2010, the Company was managed and advised by GSCP (NJ), L.P.  
 The Company has established wholly-owned subsidiaries, SIA Avionte, Inc., SIA Mercury, Inc., SIA TT, Inc., and SIA Vector, Inc., which are
structured as Delaware entities, or tax blockers, to hold equity or equity-like investments in portfolio companies organized as limited liability companies, or LLCs (or other forms of pass through entities). Tax blockers are consolidated for
accounting purposes, but are not consolidated for income tax purposes and may incur income tax expense as a result of their ownership of portfolio companies.  
 On March 28, 2012, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC, LP ( SBIC LP ), received a Small Business
Investment Company ( SBIC ) license from the Small Business Administration ( SBA ).    On April 2, 2015, the SBA
issued a  green light  letter inviting the Company to continue the application process to obtain a license to form and operate its second SBIC subsidiary. On September 27, 2016, the SBA informed us that as part of their continued
review of our application for a second license, and in order to ensure that they were reviewing the most current information available, we would need to update all previously submitted materials and invited us to reapply. As a result of this
request, with which we are in the process of complying, the existing  green light  letter that the SBA issued to us will expire. If approved in the future, a second SBIC license would provide us an incremental source of long-term capital
by permitting us to issue up to $150.0 million of additional SBA-guaranteed debentures in addition to the $150.0 million already approved under the first license.  
  Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
  Basis of Presentation     The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ), are stated in U.S. Dollars and include the accounts of the Company and
its special purpose financing subsidiary, Saratoga Investment Funding, LLC (previously known as GSC Investment Funding LLC). All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. All references made to the
 Company,   we,  and  us  herein include Saratoga Investment Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries, except as stated otherwise.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The Company and SBIC LP are both considered to be investment companies for financial reporting
purposes and have applied the guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 946,   Financial Services   Investment Companies   ( ASC Topic
946 ). There have been no changes to the Company or SBIC LP s status as investment companies during the six months ended August 31, 2016.  
  Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements   
 The preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income, gains (losses) and expenses during the period reported. Actual results
could differ materially from those estimates.     Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 Cash and cash equivalents include short-term, liquid investments in a money market fund. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost which
approximates fair value. Per section 12(d)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act, the Company may not invest in another registered investment company such as a money market fund if such investment would cause the Company to exceed any of the following
limitations:      

we were to own more than 3.0% of the total outstanding voting stock of the money market fund;        

we were to hold securities in the money market fund having an aggregate value in excess of 5.0% of the value of our total assets; or    

we were to hold securities in money market funds and other registered investment companies and BDCs having an aggregate value in excess of 10.0% of the value of our total assets.    
 As of August 31, 2016, the Company did not exceed any of these limitations.  
  Cash and Cash Equivalents, Reserve Accounts   
 Cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts include amounts held in designated bank accounts, in the form of cash and short-term liquid
investments in money market funds, representing payments received on secured investments or other reserved amounts associated with our $45.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with Madison Capital Funding LLC. The Company is
required to use these amounts to pay interest expense, reduce borrowings, or pay other amounts in accordance with the terms of the senior secured revolving credit facility.  
 In addition, cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts also include amounts held in designated bank accounts, in the form of cash and
short-term liquid investments in money market funds, within our wholly-owned subsidiary, SBIC LP.     Investment Classification   
 The Company classifies its investments in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act,  Control Investments 
are defined as investments in companies in which we own more than 25.0% of the voting securities or maintain greater than 50.0% of the board representation. Under the 1940 Act,  Affiliated Investments  are defined as those non-control
investments in companies in which we own between 5.0% and 25.0% of the voting securities. Under the 1940 Act,  Non-affiliated Investments  are defined as investments that are neither Control Investments nor Affiliated Investments.  
  Investment Valuation     The Company
accounts for its investments at fair value in accordance with the FASB ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value,
establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the quality of inputs used to measure fair value and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. ASC 820 requires the Company to assume that its investments are to be sold at the balance
sheet date in the principal market to independent market participants, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market, which may be a hypothetical market. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the
principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable, and willing and able to transact.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  Investments for which market quotations are readily available are fair valued at such market
quotations obtained from independent third party pricing services and market makers subject to any decision by our board of directors to approve a fair value determination to reflect significant events affecting the value of these investments. We
value investments for which market quotations are not readily available at fair value as approved, in good faith, by our board of directors based on input from our Manager, the audit committee of our board of directors and a third party independent
valuation firm. Determinations of fair value may involve subjective judgments and estimates. The types of factors that may be considered in determining the fair value of our investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the
portfolio company s ability to make payments, market yield trend analysis, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded companies, discounted cash flow and other relevant factors.  
 We undertake a multi-step valuation process each quarter when valuing investments for which market quotations are not readily available, as
described below:      

Each investment is initially valued by the responsible investment professionals of our Manager and preliminary valuation conclusions are documented and discussed with the senior management of our Manager; and

An independent valuation firm, engaged by our board of directors, reviews a selection of these preliminary valuations each quarter so that the valuation of each investment for which market quotes are not readily
available is reviewed by the independent valuation firm at least once each fiscal year.      In addition, all our investments
are subject to the following valuation process:      

The audit committee of our board of directors reviews and approves each preliminary valuation and our Manager and independent valuation firm (if applicable) will supplement the preliminary valuation to reflect any
comments provided by the audit committee; and        

Our board of directors discusses the valuations and approves the fair value of each investment, in good faith, based on the input of our Manager, independent valuation firm (to the extent applicable) and the audit
committee of our board of directors.      Our investment in Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd. ( Saratoga
CLO ) is carried at fair value, which is based on a discounted cash flow model that utilizes prepayment, re-investment and loss assumptions based on historical experience and projected performance, economic factors, the characteristics of the
underlying cash flow, and comparable yields for equity interests in collateralized loan obligation funds similar to Saratoga CLO, when available, as determined by our Manager and recommended to our board of directors. Specifically, we use Intex cash
flow models, or an appropriate substitute, to form the basis for the valuation of our investment in Saratoga CLO. The models use a set of assumptions including projected default rates, recovery rates, reinvestment rates and prepayment rates in order
to arrive at estimated valuations. The assumptions are based on available market data and projections provided by third parties as well as management estimates. We use the output from the Intex models (i.e., the estimated cash flows) to perform
a discounted cash flow analysis on expected future cash flows to determine a valuation for our investment in Saratoga CLO.    Because such
valuations, and particularly valuations of private investments and private companies, are inherently uncertain, they may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates. The determination of fair value may differ materially from
the values that would have been used if a ready market for these investments existed. Our net asset value could be materially affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher or lower than the values
that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such investments.     Derivative Financial Instruments   
 We account for derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC Topic 815,  Derivatives and Hedging 
( ASC 815 ). ASC 815 requires recognizing all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities at fair value. The Company values derivative contracts at the closing fair
value provided by the counterparty. Changes in the values of derivative contracts are included in the consolidated statements of operations.  
  Investment Transactions and Income Recognition   
 Purchases and sales of investments and the related realized gains or losses are recorded on a trade-date basis. Interest income, adjusted for
amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company stops accruing interest on its investments when it is determined that interest is no longer
collectible. Discounts and premiums on investments purchased are accreted/amortized over the life of the respective investment using the effective yield method. The amortized cost of investments represents the original cost adjusted for the
accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on investments.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

  Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or
interest will be collected. Accrued interest is generally reserved when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as a reduction in principal depending upon management s judgment
regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current, although we may make exceptions to this general rule if
the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection.    Interest income on our investment in Saratoga CLO is
recorded using the effective interest method in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 325-40,  Investments-Other, Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets , ( ASC 325-40 ), based on the anticipated
yield and the estimated cash flows over the projected life of the investment. Yields are revised when there are changes in actual or estimated cash flows due to changes in prepayments and/or re-investments, credit losses or asset pricing. Changes in
estimated yield are recognized as an adjustment to the estimated yield over the remaining life of the investment from the date the estimated yield was changed.  
  Other Income     Other income includes
dividends received, origination fees, structuring fees and advisory fees, and is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations when earned.  
  Payment-in-Kind Interest     The Company
holds debt investments in its portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind ( PIK ) interest provision. The PIK interest, which represents contractually deferred interest added to the investment balance that is generally due at maturity, is
generally recorded on the accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. We stop accruing PIK interest if we do not expect the issuer to be able to pay all principal and interest when due.  
  Deferred Debt Financing Costs     Financing
costs incurred in connection with our credit facility and notes are deferred and amortized using the straight line method over the life of the respective facility and debt securities. Financing costs incurred in connection with our SBA debentures
are deferred and amortized using the effective yield method over the life of the debentures.    Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) 2015-03,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ( ASU 2015-03 ) requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be
presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The Company has adopted the provisions of ASU 2015-03 as of February 28, 2015, by reclassifying deferred debt
financing costs from within total assets to within total liabilities as a contra-liability. Prior period amounts were reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  
  Contingencies     In the ordinary course of
business, the Company may enter into contracts or agreements that contain indemnifications or warranties. Future events could occur that lead to the execution of these provisions against the Company. Based on its history and experience, management
feels that the likelihood of such an event is remote. Therefore, the Company has not accrued any liabilities in connection with such indemnifications.  
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may directly or indirectly be a defendant or plaintiff in legal actions with respect to
bankruptcy, insolvency or other types of proceedings. Such lawsuits may involve claims that could adversely affect the value of certain financial instruments owned by the Company.  
  Income Taxes     The Company has filed an
election to be treated, for tax purposes, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and, among other things, intends to make the requisite distributions to its stockholders which will relieve the Company from federal income taxes. Therefore, no
provision has been recorded for federal income taxes.    In order to qualify as a RIC, among other requirements, the Company is required to
timely distribute to its stockholders at least 90.0% of its investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each fiscal tax year. The Company will be subject to a nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax of 4.0% on undistributed income
if it does not distribute at least 98.0% of its ordinary income in any calendar year and 98.2% of its capital gain net income for each one-year period ending on October 31.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, the Company may choose to carry
forward taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions into the next tax year and pay a 4.0% excise tax on such income, as required. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income
will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions for excise tax purposes, the Company accrues excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned.  
 In accordance with certain applicable U.S. Treasury regulations and private letter rulings issued by the Internal Revenue Service
( IRS ), a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC subject to a limitation on
the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders, which limitation must be at least 20.0% of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, each stockholder electing to receive cash will
receive a pro rata amount of cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder, electing to receive cash, receive less than 20.0% of his or her entire distribution in cash. If these and certain other
requirements are met, for U.S federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock.  
 ASC 740,  Income Taxes , ( ASC 740 ), provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured,
presented and disclosed in the financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are
 more-likely-than-not  of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions deemed to meet a  more-likely-than-not  threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current period. The Company
recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense on the consolidated statements of operations. During the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016, the Company did not incur any interest or
penalties. Although we file federal and state tax returns, our major tax jurisdiction is federal. The 2013, 2014 and 2015 federal tax years for the Company remain subject to examination by the IRS. As of August 31, 2016 and February 29,
2016, there were no uncertain tax positions. The Company is not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly in the next 12 months.  
  Dividends     Dividends to common
stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. The amount to be paid out as a dividend is determined by the board of directors. Net realized capital gains, if any, are generally distributed at least annually, although we may decide to retain
such capital gains for reinvestment.    We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan ( DRIP ) that provides for reinvestment of
our dividend distributions on behalf of our stockholders unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if our board of directors authorizes, and we declare a cash dividend, then our stockholders who have not  opted out  of the
DRIP by the dividend record date will have their cash dividends automatically reinvested into additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving the cash dividends. We have the option to satisfy the share requirements of the DRIP through
the issuance of new shares of common stock or through open market purchases of common stock by the DRIP plan administrator.     Capital Gains Incentive
Fee     The Company records an expense accrual on the consolidated statements of operations, relating to the capital gains incentive fee
payable on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, by the Company to its investment adviser when the net realized and unrealized gain on its investments exceed all net realized and unrealized capital losses on its investments given
the fact that a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the investment adviser if the Company were to liquidate its investment portfolio at such time. The actual incentive fee payable to the Company s investment adviser related to capital
gains will be determined and payable in arrears at the end of each fiscal year and will include only realized capital gains, net of realized and unrealized losses for the period.  
  New Accounting Pronouncements     In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Amendments to the Leases  ( ASC Topic 842 ), which will require for all operating leases the recognition of a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, in the statement of financial
position. The lease cost will be allocated over the lease term on a straight-line basis. This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Management is currently evaluating the impact these changes
will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.    In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ). ASU 2016-01 retains many current requirements for the classification and measurement
of financial instruments; however, it significantly revises an entity s accounting related to (1) the  
      13  

Table of Contents  

classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. ASU 2016-01 also
amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted for public business
entities. Management is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard has on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued new accounting guidance that requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going
concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. The amendments provide a definition of the term  substantial doubt  and include principles for considering the mitigating effect
of management s plans. The amendments also require an evaluation every reporting period, including interim periods for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued), and certain
disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated or not alleviated. The amendments in this update are effective for reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016. Management does not believe these changes will have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.    In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606) , which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Revenue Recognition (Topic 605). Under the new guidance, an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In May 2016, ASU 2016-12 amended ASU 2014-09 and deferred the effective period to December 15, 2017. Management is
currently evaluating the impact these changes will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.     Risk Management
    In the ordinary course of its business, the Company manages a variety of risks, including market risk and credit risk. Market risk is
the risk of potential adverse changes to the value of investments because of changes in market conditions such as interest rate movements and volatility in investment prices.  
 Credit risk is the risk of default or non-performance by portfolio companies, equivalent to the investment s carrying amount.  
 The Company is also exposed to credit risk related to maintaining all of its cash and cash equivalents, including those in reserve accounts,
at a major financial institution and credit risk related to any of its derivative counterparties.    The Company has investments in lower
rated and comparable quality unrated high yield bonds and bank loans. Investments in high yield investments are accompanied by a greater degree of credit risk. The risk of loss due to default by the issuer is significantly greater for holders of
high yield securities, because such investments are generally unsecured and are often subordinated to other creditors of the issuer.     Note 3.
Investments     As noted above, the Company values all investments in accordance with ASC 820. ASC 820 requires enhanced
disclosures about assets and liabilities that are measured and reported at fair value. As defined in ASC 820, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date.    ASC 820 establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level
of market price observability of inputs used in measuring investments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment. Investments with
readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value.  
 Based on the observability of the inputs used in the valuation techniques, the Company is required to provide disclosures on fair value
measurements according to the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy ranks the observability of the inputs used to determine fair values. Investments carried at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following three
categories:      

Level 1 Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access.    

Level 2 Valuations based on inputs other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable.    

Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value
measurement. The inputs used in the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Such     
      14  

Table of Contents  

information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes which include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The
non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by a disclaimer would result in classification as a Level 3 asset, assuming no additional corroborating evidence.     
 In addition to using the above inputs in investment valuations, the Company continues to employ the valuation policy approved by the board of
directors that is consistent with ASC 820 and the 1940 Act (see Note 2). Consistent with our valuation policy, we evaluate the source of inputs, including any markets in which our investments are trading, in determining fair value.  
 The following table presents fair value measurements of investments, by major class, as of August 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands),
according to the fair value hierarchy:      
   The following table presents fair value measurements of investments, by major class, as of February 29,
2016 (dollars in thousands), according to the fair value hierarchy:      
   The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use
Level 3 inputs for the six months ended August 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands):      
   Purchases and other adjustments to cost include purchases of new investments at cost, effects of
refinancing/restructuring, accretion/amortization of income from discount/premium on debt securities, and PIK.    Sales and redemptions
represent net proceeds received from investments sold, and principal paydowns received, during the period.    Transfers and restructurings,
if any, are recognized at the beginning of the period in which they occur.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the six months ended August 31,
2016 on investments still held as of August 31, 2016 was $1,772,281 and is included in net unrealized depreciation on investments in the consolidated statements of operations.  
 The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level 3 inputs for the six
months ended August 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):      
   Purchases and other adjustments to cost include purchases of new investments at cost, effects of
refinancing/restructuring, accretion/amortization of income from discount/premium on debt securities, and PIK.    Sales and redemptions
represent net proceeds received from investments sold, and principal paydowns received, during the period.    Transfers and restructurings,
if any, are recognized at the beginning of the period in which they occur.    The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for
the six months ended August 31, 2015 on investments still held as of August 31, 2015 was $(955,584) and was included in net unrealized depreciation on investments in the consolidated statements of operations.  
 The valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of assets as of
August 31, 2016 were as follows (dollars in thousands):      
      The valuation techniques and
significant unobservable inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of assets as of February 29, 2016 were as follows (dollars in thousands):      
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

  For investments utilizing a market comparables valuation technique, a significant increase
(decrease) in the market yield, in isolation, would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement, and a significant increase (decrease) in any of the EBITDA or revenue valuation multiples, in isolation, would result in a
significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. For investments utilizing a discounted cash flow valuation technique, a significant increase (decrease) in the discount rate, in isolation, would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair
value measurement. For investments utilizing a market quote in deriving a value, a significant increase (decrease) in the market quote, in isolation, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.  
 The composition of our investments as of August 31, 2016, at amortized cost and fair value were as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
   The composition of our investments as of February 29, 2016, at amortized cost and fair value were as
follows (dollars in thousands):      
   For loans and debt securities for which market quotations are not available, we determine their fair value
based on third party indicative broker quotes, where available, or the assumptions that a hypothetical market participant would use to value the security in a current hypothetical sale using a market yield valuation methodology. In applying the
market yield valuation methodology, we determine the fair value based on such factors as market participant assumptions including synthetic credit ratings, estimated remaining life, current market yield and interest rate spreads of similar
securities as of the measurement date. If, in our judgment, the market yield methodology is not sufficient or appropriate, we may use additional methodologies such as an asset liquidation or expected recovery model.  
 For equity securities of portfolio companies and partnership interests, we determine the fair value based on the market approach with value
then attributed to equity or equity like securities using the enterprise value waterfall valuation methodology. Under the enterprise value waterfall valuation methodology, we determine the enterprise fair value of the portfolio company and then
waterfall the enterprise value over the portfolio company s securities in order of their preference relative to one another. To estimate the enterprise value of the portfolio company, we weigh some or all of the traditional market valuation
methods and factors based on the individual circumstances of the portfolio company in order to estimate the enterprise value. The methodologies for performing investments may be based on, among other things: valuations of comparable public
companies, recent sales of private and public comparable companies, discounting the forecasted cash flows of the portfolio company, third party valuations of the portfolio  
      17  

Table of Contents  

company, considering offers from third parties to buy the company, estimating the value to potential strategic buyers and considering the value of recent investments in the equity securities of
the portfolio company. For non-performing investments, we may estimate the liquidation or collateral value of the portfolio company s assets and liabilities. We also take into account historical and anticipated financial results.  
 Our investment in Saratoga CLO is carried at fair value, which is based on a discounted cash flow model that utilizes prepayment,
re-investment and loss assumptions based on historical experience and projected performance, economic factors, the characteristics of the underlying cash flow, and comparable yields for equity interests in collateralized loan obligation funds
similar to Saratoga CLO, when available, as determined by our Manager and recommended to our board of directors. Specifically, we use Intex cash flow models, or an appropriate substitute, to form the basis for the valuation of our investment in
Saratoga CLO. The models use a set of assumptions including projected default rates, recovery rates, reinvestment rate and prepayment rates in order to arrive at estimated valuations. The assumptions are based on available market data and
projections provided by third parties as well as management estimates. For the quarter ended November 30, 2013, in connection with the refinancing of the Saratoga CLO liabilities, we ran Intex models based on assumptions about the refinanced
Saratoga CLO s structure, including capital structure, cost of liabilities and reinvestment period. We use the output from the Intex models (i.e., the estimated cash flows) to perform a discounted cash flow analysis on expected future cash
flows to determine a valuation for our investment in Saratoga CLO at August 31, 2016. The significant inputs for the valuation model include:      

Note 4. Investment in Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO
2013-1, Ltd. ( Saratoga CLO )     On January 22, 2008, we invested $30.0 million in all of the outstanding
subordinated notes of GSC Investment Corp. CLO 2007, Ltd., a collateralized loan obligation fund managed by us that invests primarily in senior secured loans. Additionally, we entered into a collateral management agreement with GSC Investment
Corp. CLO 2007, Ltd. pursuant to which we act as collateral manager to it. The Saratoga CLO was refinanced in October 2013 and its reinvestment period ends in October 2016. The Saratoga CLO remains 100% owned and managed by Saratoga
Investment Corp. We receive a base management fee of 0.25% and a subordinated management fee of 0.25% of the fee basis amount at the beginning of the collection period, paid quarterly to the extent of available proceeds. We are also entitled to an
incentive management fee equal to 20.0% of the remaining interest proceeds and principal proceeds, if any, after the subordinated notes have realized the incentive management fee target return of 12.0%, in accordance with the priority of payments
after making the prior distributions on the relevant payment date. For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we accrued $0.4 million and $0.4 million in management fee income, respectively, and
$0.6 million and $0.7 million in interest income, respectively, from Saratoga CLO. For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we accrued $0.7 million and $0.8 million in management fee income,
respectively, and $1.1 million and $1.3 million in interest income, respectively, from Saratoga CLO. We did not accrue any amounts related to the incentive management fee from Saratoga CLO as the 12.0% hurdle rate has not yet been
achieved.    At August 31, 2016, the Company determined that the fair value of its investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO
was $11.9 million. The Company determines the fair value of its investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO based on the present value of the projected future cash flows of the subordinated notes over the life of Saratoga CLO. At
August 31, 2016, Saratoga CLO had investments with a principal balance of $299.5 million and a weighted average spread over LIBOR of 4.41%, and had debt with a principal balance of $282.4 million with a weighted average spread over
LIBOR of 1.84%. As a result, Saratoga CLO earns a  spread  between the interest income it receives on its investments and the interest expense it pays on its debt and other operating expenses, which is distributed quarterly to the Company
as the holder of its subordinated notes. At August 31, 2016, the present value of the projected future cash flows of the subordinated notes was approximately $11.9 million, using an 18.0% discount rate. Saratoga Investment Corp. invested
$32.8 million into the CLO since January 2008, and to date has since received distributions of $47.9 million and management fees of $15.7 million.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  Below is certain financial information from the separate financial statements of Saratoga CLO as
of August 31, 2016 (unaudited) and February 29, 2016 and for the three and six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 (unaudited).  
  Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd.   
  Statements of Assets and Liabilities       
 
      19  

Table of Contents  

   Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd.   
  Statements of Operations   
  (unaudited)       
 
      20  

Table of Contents  

   Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1 Ltd.   
  Schedule of Investments   
  August 31, 2016   
  (unaudited)       

(a) 
 Included within cash and cash equivalents in Saratoga CLO s Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of August 31, 2016.    
   
      21  

Table of Contents  

   Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1 Ltd.   
  Schedule of Investments   
  February 29, 2016       

(a) 
 Included within cash and cash equivalents in Saratoga CLO s Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of February 29, 2016.    
      22  

Table of Contents  

   Note 5. Agreements and Related Party Transactions   
 On July 30, 2010, the Company entered into the Management Agreement with our Manager. The initial term of the Management Agreement was two
years, with automatic, one-year renewals at the end of each year, subject to certain approvals by our board of directors and/or the Company s stockholders. On July 7, 2016, our board of directors approved the renewal of the Management
Agreement for an additional one-year term. Pursuant to the Management Agreement, our Manager implements our business strategy on a day-to-day basis and performs certain services for us, subject to oversight by our board of directors. Our Manager is
responsible for, among other duties, determining investment criteria, sourcing, analyzing and executing investments transactions, asset sales, financings and performing asset management duties. Under the Management Agreement, we have agreed to pay
our Manager a management fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of a base management fee and an incentive fee.  
 The base management fee of 1.75% is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets (other than cash or cash equivalents, but
including assets purchased with borrowed funds) at the end of the two most recently completed fiscal quarters.    The incentive fee consists
of the following two parts:    The first, payable quarterly in arrears, equals 20.0% of our pre-incentive fee net investment income,
expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter, that exceeds a 1.875% quarterly (7.5% annualized) hurdle rate measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter, subject to a
 catch-up  provision. Under this provision, in any fiscal quarter, our Manager receives no incentive fee unless our pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.875%. Our Manager will receive 100.0% of pre-incentive
fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to 2.344% in any fiscal quarter (9.376% annualized); and 20.0% of the amount of the our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.344% in
any fiscal quarter (9.376% annualized).    The second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each
fiscal year (or upon termination of the Management Agreement) and equals 20.0% of our  incentive fee capital gains,  which equals our realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from May 31, 2010 through the end of the year, if any,
computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fee. Importantly, the capital gains portion of the incentive fee is based
on realized gains and realized and unrealized losses from May 31, 2010. Therefore, realized and unrealized losses incurred prior to such time will not be taken into account when calculating the capital gains portion of the incentive fee, and
our Manager will be entitled to 20.0% of incentive fee capital gains that arise after May 31, 2010. In addition, for the purpose of the  incentive fee capital gains  calculations, the cost basis for computing realized gains and losses
on investments held by us as of May 31, 2010 will equal the fair value of such investments as of such date.    For the three months
ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, the Company incurred $1.2 million and $1.2 million in base management fees, respectively. For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, the Company incurred
$0.8 million and $0.7 million in incentive fees related to pre-incentive fee net investment income, respectively. For the three months ended August 31, 2016, we accrued $0.4 million in incentive fees related to capital gains. For the
three months ended August 31, 2015, we reduced the incentive fees related to capital gains by $0.8 million. For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, the Company incurred $2.4 million and $2.3 million in
base management fees, respectively. For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, the Company incurred $1.4 million and $1.4 million in incentive fees related to pre-incentive fee net investment income,
respectively. For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we accrued $0.5 million and $0.3 million in incentive fees related to capital gains, respectively. The accrual is calculated using both realized and unrealized
capital gains for the period. The actual incentive fee related to capital gains will be determined and payable in arrears at the end of the fiscal year and will include only realized capital gains for the period. As of August 31, 2016, the base
management fees accrual was $1.2 million and the incentive fees accrual was $5.1 million and is included in base management and incentive fees payable in the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. As of
February 29, 2016, the base management fees accrual was $1.2 million and the incentive fees accrual was $4.4 million and is included in base management and incentive fees payable in the accompanying consolidated statements of assets
and liabilities.    On July 30, 2010, the Company entered into a separate administration agreement (the  Administration
Agreement ) with our Manager, pursuant to which our Manager, as our administrator, has agreed to furnish us with the facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations and provide managerial assistance on our
behalf to those portfolio companies to which we are required to provide such assistance. The initial term of the Administration Agreement was two years, with automatic, one-year renewals at the end of each year subject to certain approvals by our
board of directors and/or our stockholders. The amount of expenses payable or reimbursable thereunder by the Company was capped at $1.0 million for the initial two year term of the Administration Agreement and subsequent renewals. On July 8,
2015, our board of directors approved the renewal of the Administration Agreement for an additional one-year term and determined to increase the cap on the payment or reimbursement of expenses by the Company thereunder, which had not been increased
since the inception of the agreement, to $1.3 million. On July 7, 2016, our board of directors approved the renewal of the Administration Agreement for an additional one-year term and determined to keep the cap on the
 
      23  

Table of Contents  

payment or reimbursement of expenses by the Company thereunder, unchanged at $1.3 million. In addition, our board of directors intends to review the cap in the next three to six months to
determine whether it should be further adjusted in light of differences between our projected and actual expenses and other similar factors.  
 For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recognized $0.3 million and $0.3 million, in
administrator expenses for the periods, respectively, pertaining to bookkeeping, record keeping and other administrative services provided to us in addition to our allocable portion of rent and other overhead related expenses. For the six months
ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recognized $0.7 million and $0.5 million, in administrator expenses for the periods, respectively, pertaining to bookkeeping, record keeping and other administrative services provided
to us in addition to our allocable portion of rent and other overhead related expenses. As of August 31, 2016, $0.3 million of administrator expenses and other expenses payable to the Manager were accrued and included in due to manager in
the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. As of February 29, 2016, $0.2 million of administrator expenses and other expenses payable to the Manager were accrued and included in due to manager in the accompanying
consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, the Company neither bought nor sold any investments from the Saratoga CLO.  
  Note 6. Borrowings       Credit Facility
     As a BDC, we are only allowed to employ leverage to the extent that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at
least 200.0% after giving effect to such leverage. The amount of leverage that we employ at any time depends on our assessment of the market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing.  
 On April 11, 2007, we entered into a $100.0 million revolving securitized credit facility (the  Revolving Facility ). On
May 1, 2007, we entered into a $25.7 million term securitized credit facility (the  Term Facility  and, together with the Revolving Facility, the  Facilities ), which was fully drawn at closing. In December 2007,
we consolidated the Facilities by using a draw under the Revolving Facility to repay the Term Facility. In response to the market wide decline in financial asset prices, which negatively affected the value of our portfolio, we terminated the
revolving period of the Revolving Facility effective January 14, 2009 and commenced a two-year amortization period during which all principal proceeds from the collateral was used to repay outstanding borrowings. A significant percentage of our
total assets had been pledged under the Revolving Facility to secure our obligations thereunder. Under the Revolving Facility, funds were borrowed from or through certain lenders and interest was payable monthly at the greater of the commercial
paper rate and our lender s prime rate plus 4.00% plus a default rate of 2.00% or, if the commercial paper market was unavailable, the greater of the prevailing LIBOR rates and our lender s prime rate plus 6.00% plus a default rate of
3.00%.    In March 2009, we amended the Revolving Facility to increase the portion of the portfolio that could be invested in
 CCC  rated investments in return for an increased interest rate and expedited amortization. As a result of these transactions, we expected to have additional cushion under our borrowing base under the Revolving Facility that would allow
us to better manage our capital in times of declining asset prices and market dislocation.    On July 30, 2009, we exceeded the
permissible borrowing limit under the Revolving Facility for 30 consecutive days, resulting in an event of default under the Revolving Facility. As a result of this event of default, our lender had the right to accelerate repayment of the
outstanding indebtedness under the Revolving Facility and to foreclose and liquidate the collateral pledged thereunder. Acceleration of the outstanding indebtedness and/or liquidation of the collateral could have had a material adverse effect on our
liquidity, financial condition and operations.    On July 30, 2010, we used the net proceeds from (i) the stock purchase
transaction and (ii) a portion of the funds available to us under the $45.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) with Madison Capital Funding LLC, in each case, to pay the full amount of
principal and accrued interest, including default interest, outstanding under the Revolving Facility. As a result, the Revolving Facility was terminated in connection therewith. Substantially all of our total assets, other than those held by SBIC
LP, have been pledged under the Credit Facility to secure our obligations thereunder.    On February 24, 2012, we amended our senior
secured revolving credit facility with Madison Capital Funding LLC to, among other things:      

expand the borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility from $40.0 million to $45.0 million;        

extend the period during which we may make and repay borrowings under the Credit Facility from July 30, 2013 to February 24, 2015 (the  Revolving Period ). The Revolving Period may, upon the
occurrence of an event of default, by action of the lenders or automatically, be terminated. All borrowings and other amounts payable under the Credit Facility are due and payable five years after the end of the Revolving Period; and

remove the condition that we may not acquire additional loan assets without the prior written consent of Madison Capital Funding LLC.    
      24  

Table of Contents  

  On September 17, 2014, we entered into a second amendment to the Credit Facility with
Madison Capital Funding LLC to, among other things:      

As of August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility and the Company was in
compliance with all of the limitations and requirements of the Credit Facility. Financing costs of $2.7 million related to the Credit Facility have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the facility. For the three months
ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recorded $0.1 million and $0.2 million of interest expense, respectively. For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recorded $0.2 million and
$0.4 million of interest expense, respectively. For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recorded $0.02 million and $0.02 million of amortization of deferred financing costs related to the Credit
Facility and Revolving Facility, respectively. For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recorded $0.04 million and $0.04 million of amortization of deferred financing costs related to the Credit Facility and
Revolving Facility, respectively. During the three and six months ended August 31, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility. The interest rates during the three and six months ended August 31, 2015 on the
outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility were 6.00%. During the three and six months ended August 31, 2015, the average dollar amount of outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was $6.8 million and $8.2 million, respectively.
   The Credit Facility contains limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used, such as restrictions on industry concentrations, asset
size, weighted average life, currency denomination and collateral interests. The Credit Facility also includes certain requirements relating to portfolio performance, the violation of which could result in the limit of further advances and, in some
cases, result in an event of default, allowing the lenders to accelerate repayment of amounts owed thereunder. The Credit Facility has an eight year term, consisting of a three year period (the  Revolving Period ), under which the Company
may make and repay borrowings, and a final maturity five years from the end of the Revolving Period. Availability on the Credit Facility will be subject to a borrowing base calculation, based on, among other things, applicable advance rates (which
vary from 50.0% to 75.0% of par or fair value depending on the type of loan asset) and the value of certain  eligible  loan assets included as part of the Borrowing Base. Funds may be borrowed at the greater of the prevailing LIBOR rate
and 2.00%, plus an applicable margin of 5.50%. At the Company s option, funds may be borrowed based on an alternative base rate, which in no event will be less than 3.00%, and the applicable margin over such alternative base rate is 4.50%. In
addition, the Company will pay the lenders a commitment fee of 0.75% per year on the unused amount of the Credit Facility for the duration of the Revolving Period.  
 Our borrowing base under the Credit Facility was $24.0 million subject to the Credit Facility cap of $45.0 million at August 31,
2016. For purposes of determining the borrowing base, most assets are assigned the values set forth in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ). Accordingly, the August 31, 2016 borrowing base relies upon the valuations set forth in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended May 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC on July 13, 2016. The
valuations presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will not be incorporated into the borrowing base until after this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is filed with the SEC.  
   SBA Debentures      SBIC LP is able to
borrow funds from the SBA against regulatory capital (which approximates equity capital) that is paid in and is subject to customary regulatory requirements including but not limited to an examination by the SBA. As of August 31, 2016, we have
funded SBIC LP with $75.0 million of equity capital, and have $103.7 million of SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. SBA debentures are non-recourse to us, have a 10-year maturity, and may be prepaid at any time without penalty. The
interest rate of SBA debentures is fixed at the time of issuance, often referred to as pooling, at a market-driven spread over 10-year U.S. Treasury Notes. SBA current regulations limit the amount that SBIC LP may borrow to a maximum of
$150.0 million, which is up to twice its potential regulatory capital.    SBICs are designed to stimulate the flow of private equity
capital to eligible small businesses. Under SBA regulations, SBICs may make loans to eligible small businesses and invest in the equity securities of small businesses. Under present SBA regulations, eligible small businesses include businesses that
have a tangible net worth not exceeding $19.5 million and have average annual fully  
      25  

Table of Contents  

taxed net income not exceeding $6.5 million for the two most recent fiscal years. In addition, an SBIC must devote 25.0% of its investment activity to   smaller  
concerns as defined by the SBA. A smaller concern is one that has a tangible net worth not exceeding $6.0 million and has average annual fully taxed net income not exceeding $2.0 million for the two most recent fiscal years. SBA
regulations also provide alternative size standard criteria to determine eligibility, which depend on the industry in which the business is engaged and are based on such factors as the number of employees and gross sales. According to SBA
regulations, SBICs may make long-term loans to small businesses, invest in the equity securities of such businesses and provide them with consulting and advisory services.  
 SBIC LP is subject to regulation and oversight by the SBA, including requirements with respect to maintaining certain minimum financial ratios
and other covenants. Receipt of an SBIC license does not assure that SBIC LP will receive SBA-guaranteed debenture funding, which is dependent upon SBIC LP continuing to be in compliance with SBA regulations and policies. The SBA, as a creditor,
will have a superior claim to SBIC LP s assets over our stockholders and debtholders in the event we liquidate SBIC LP or the SBA exercises its remedies under the SBA-guaranteed debentures issued by SBIC LP upon an event of default.  
 The Company received exemptive relief from the SEC to permit it to exclude the debt of SBIC LP guaranteed by the SBA from the definition of
senior securities in the 200.0% asset coverage test under the 1940 Act. This allows the Company increased flexibility under the 200.0% asset coverage test by permitting it to borrow up to $150.0 million more than it would otherwise be able to
absent the receipt of this exemptive relief.    As of August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016, there was $103.7 million and
$103.7 million outstanding of SBA debentures, respectively. The carrying amount of the amount outstanding of SBA debentures approximates its fair value, which is based on a waterfall analysis showing adequate collateral coverage. $3.9 million
of financing costs related to the SBA debentures have been capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the commitment and drawdown.  
 For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recorded $0.8 million and $0.6 million of interest expense
related to the SBA debentures, respectively. For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recorded $0.1 million and $0.1 million of amortization of deferred financing costs related to the SBA debentures,
respectively. The weighted average interest rate during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 on the outstanding borrowings of the SBA debentures was 3.19% and 3.25%, respectively.  
 For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recorded $1.7 million and $1.2 million of interest expense
related to the SBA debentures, respectively. For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recorded $0.3 million and $0.2 million of amortization of deferred financing costs related to the SBA debentures,
respectively. The weighted average interest rate during the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 on the outstanding borrowings of the SBA debentures was 3.14% and 3.20%, respectively. During the three and six months ended
August 31, 2016, the average dollar amount of SBA debentures outstanding was $103.7 million. During the three and six months ended August 31, 2015, the average dollar amount of SBA debentures outstanding was $79.0 million.  
 In December 2015, the 2016 omnibus spending bill approved by Congress and signed into law by the President increased the amount of
SBA-guaranteed debentures that affiliated SBIC funds can have outstanding from $225.0 million to $350.0 million, subject to SBA approval. SBA regulations currently limit the amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures that an SBIC may issue to
$150.0 million when it has at least $75.0 million in regulatory capital. Affiliated SBICs are permitted to issue up to a combined maximum amount of $350.0 million in SBA-guaranteed debentures when they have at least
$175.0 million in combined regulatory capital.    On April 2, 2015, the SBA issued a  green light  letter inviting the
Company to continue the application process to obtain a license to form and operate its second SBIC subsidiary. On September 27, 2016, the SBA informed us that as part of their continued review of our application for a second license, and in
order to ensure that they were reviewing the most current information available, we would need to update all previously submitted materials and invited us to reapply. As a result of this request, with which we are in the process of complying, the
existing  green light  letter that the SBA issued to us will expire. If approved in the future, a second SBIC license would provide us an incremental source of long-term capital by permitting us to issue up to $150.0 million of additional
SBA-guaranteed debentures in addition to the $150.0 million already approved under the first license.      Notes    
 On May 10, 2013, the Company issued $42.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.50% fixed-rate notes due 2020 (the
 Notes ). The Notes will mature on May 31, 2020, and since May 31, 2016, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option. Interest will be payable quarterly beginning
August 15, 2013.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  On May 17, 2013, the Company closed an additional $6.3 million in aggregate principal
amount of the Notes, pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters  option to purchase additional Notes. On May 29, 2015, the Company entered into a Debt Distribution Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann   Co. through which the
Company may offer for sale, from time to time, up to $20.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes through an At-the-Market ( ATM ) offering. As of August 31, 2016, the Company sold 539,725 bonds with a principal of
$13,493,125 at an average price of $25.31 for aggregate net proceeds of $13,385,766 (net of transaction costs).    As of August 31,
2016, the carrying amount and fair value of the Notes was $61.8 million and $63.3 million, respectively. The fair value of the Notes, which are publicly traded, is based upon closing market quotes as of the measurement date and would be classified
as a Level 1 liability within the fair value hierarchy. As of August 31, 2016, $2.7 million of financing costs related to the Notes (including underwriting commissions and net of issuance premiums) have been capitalized and are being amortized
over the term of the Notes. For the three and six months ended August 31, 2016, we recorded $1.2 million and $2.3 million, respectively, of interest expense and $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, of amortization of deferred financing
costs related to the Notes. For the three and six months ended August 31, 2015, we recorded $1.1 million and $2.0 million, respectively, of interest expense and $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, of amortization of deferred financing
costs related to the Notes. During the three and six months ended August 31, 2016, the average dollar amount of Notes outstanding was $61.8 million. During the three and six months ended August 31, 2015, the average dollar amount of Notes
outstanding was $54.4 million and $51.3 million, respectively.     Note 7. Commitments and contingencies   
  Contractual obligations     The following
table shows our payment obligations for repayment of debt and other contractual obligations at August 31, 2016:      
    Off-balance sheet arrangements   
 The Company s off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of $8.0 million and $2.0 million of unfunded commitments to provide debt
financing to its portfolio companies or to fund limited partnership interests as of August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016, respectively. Such commitments are generally up to the Company s discretion to approve, or the satisfaction of
certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities and are not reflected in the
Company s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities.    A summary of the composition of the unfunded commitments as of
August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016 is shown in the table below (dollars in thousands):      
    Note 8. Directors Fees   
 The independent directors receive an annual fee of $40,000. They also receive $2,500 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with attending each board meeting and receive $1,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each committee meeting. In addition, the chairman of the Audit Committee
receives an annual fee of $5,000 and the chairman of each other committee receives an annual fee of $2,000 for their additional services in these capacities. In addition, we have purchased directors  and officers  liability insurance on
behalf of our directors and officers. Independent directors have the option to receive their directors  fees in the form of our common stock issued at a price per  
      27  

Table of Contents  

share equal to the greater of net asset value or the market price at the time of payment. No compensation is paid to directors who are  interested persons  of the Company (as such term
is defined in the 1940 Act). For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we incurred $0.06 million and $0.05 million for directors  fees and expenses, respectively. For the six months ended
August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we incurred $0.1 million and $0.1 million for directors  fees and expenses, respectively. As of August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016, $0.05 million and $0.03 million
in directors  fees and expenses were accrued and unpaid, respectively. As of August 31, 2016, we had not issued any common stock to our directors as compensation for their services.  
  Note 9. Stockholders  Equity   
 On May 16, 2006, GSC Group, Inc. capitalized the LLC, by contributing $1,000 in exchange for 67 shares, constituting all of
the issued and outstanding shares of the LLC.    On March 20, 2007, the Company issued 95,995.5 and 8,136.2 shares of common
stock, priced at $150.00 per share, to GSC Group and certain individual employees of GSC Group, respectively, in exchange for the general partnership interest and a limited partnership interest in GSC Partners CDO III GP, LP,
collectively valued at $15.6 million. At this time, the 6.7 shares owned by GSC Group in the LLC were exchanged for 6.7 shares of the Company.  
 On March 28, 2007, the Company completed its IPO of 725,000 shares of common stock, priced at $150.00 per share, before underwriting
discounts and commissions. Total proceeds received from the IPO, net of $7.1 million in underwriter s discount and commissions, and $1.0 million in offering costs, were $100.7 million.  
 On November 13, 2009, we declared a dividend of $18.25 per share payable on December 31, 2009. Shareholders had the option to
receive payment of the dividend in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, provided that the aggregate cash payable to all shareholders was limited to $2.1 million or $2.50 per share. Based on
shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of $2.1 million in cash and 864,872.5 of newly issued shares of common stock.    On
July 30, 2010, our Manager and its affiliates purchased 986,842 shares of common stock at $15.20 per share. Total proceeds received from this sale were $15.0 million.  
 On August 12, 2010, we effected a one-for-ten reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock. As a result of the reverse stock
split, every ten shares of our common stock were converted into one share of our common stock. Any fractional shares received as a result of the reverse stock split were redeemed for cash. The total cash payment in lieu of shares was $230.
Immediately after the reverse stock split, we had 2,680,842 shares of our common stock outstanding.    On November 12, 2010, we
declared a dividend of $4.40 per share payable on December 29, 2010. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, provided that the
aggregate cash payable to all shareholders was limited to approximately $1.2 million or $0.44 per share. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $1.2 million in cash and 596,235 shares of common stock.  
 On November 15, 2011, we declared a dividend of $3.00 per share payable on December 30, 2011. Shareholders had the option to receive
payment of the dividend in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, provided that the aggregate cash payable to all shareholders was limited to approximately $2.0 million or $0.60 per share. Based on
shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $2.0 million in cash and 599,584 shares of common stock.    On
November 9, 2012, the Company declared a dividend of $4.25 per share payable on December 31, 2012. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of
common stock, provided that the aggregate cash payable to all shareholders was limited to approximately $3.3 million or $0.85 per share. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $3.3 million in cash and
853,455 shares of common stock.    On October 30, 2013, the Company declared a dividend of $2.65 per share payable on December 27,
2013. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, provided that the aggregate cash payable to all shareholders was limited to approximately
$2.5 million or $0.53 per share. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $2.5 million in cash and 649,500 shares of common stock.  
 On September 24, 2014, the Company declared a dividend of $0.18 per share payable on November 28, 2014. Shareholders had the option
to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock pursuant to the Company s DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $0.6 million in cash and 22,283 newly issued shares of
common stock.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  On September 24, 2014, the Company declared a dividend of $0.22 per share payable on
February 27, 2015. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $0.8 million in cash
and 26,858 newly issued shares of common stock.    On April 9, 2015, the Company declared a dividend of $0.27 per share payable on
May 29, 2015. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $0.9 million in cash and
33,766 newly issued shares of common stock.    On May 14, 2015, the Company declared a special dividend of $1.00 per share payable on
June 5, 2015. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $3.4 million in cash and
126,230 newly issued shares of common stock.    On July 8, 2015, the Company declared a dividend of $0.33 per share payable on
August 31, 2015. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $1.1 million in cash and
47,861 newly issued shares of common stock.    On October 7, 2015, the Company declared a dividend of $0.36 per share payable on
November 30, 2015. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $1.1 million in cash
and 61,029 newly issued shares of common stock.    On January 12, 2016, the Company declared a dividend of $0.40 per share payable on
February 29, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $1.4 million in cash
and 66,765 newly issued shares of common stock.    On March 31, 2016, the Company declared a dividend of $0.41 per share payable on
April 27, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $1.5 million in cash and
56,728 newly issued shares of common stock.    On July 7, 2016, the Company declared a dividend of $0.43 per share payable on
August 9, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $1.5 million in cash and
58,167 newly issued shares of common stock.    On August 8, 2016, the Company declared a special dividend of $0.20 per share payable on
September 5, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $0.7 million in cash and
24,786 newly issued shares of common stock.    On September 24, 2014, the Company announced the approval of an open market share
repurchase plan that allowed it to repurchase up to 200,000 shares of its common stock at prices below its NAV as reported in its then most recently published consolidated financial statements. On October 7, 2015, the Company s board of
directors extended the open market share repurchase plan for another year and increased the number of shares the Company is permitted to repurchase at prices below its NAV, as reported in its then most recently published consolidated financial
statements, to 400,000 shares of its common stock. As of August 31, 2016, the Company purchased 138,494 shares of common stock, at the average price of $16.16 for approximately $2.2 million pursuant to this repurchase plan. On October 5,
2016, the Company s board of directors extended the open market share repurchase plan for another year to October 15, 2017 and increased the number of shares the Company is permitted to repurchase at prices below its NAV, as reported in
its then most recently published consolidated financial statements, to 600,000 shares of its common stock.     Note 10. Earnings Per Share   
 In accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 260,  Earnings per Share  ( ASC 260 ), basic earnings per share is computed by
dividing earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Other potentially dilutive common shares, and the related impact to earnings, are considered when calculating earnings per
share on a diluted basis.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  The following information sets forth the computation of the weighted average basic and diluted
net increase in net assets per share from operations for the three and six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands except share and per share amounts):  
   
    Note 11. Dividend   
 On August 8, 2016, the Company declared a special dividend of $0.20 per share, which was paid on September 5, 2016, to common
stockholders of record as of August 24, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant to our DRIP.  
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $0.7 million in cash and 24,786 newly issued shares of common stock,
or 0.4% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $17.06 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per
share of the common stock on August 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 29, 30, 31 and September 1 and 2, 2016.    On July 7, 2016, the
Company declared a dividend of $0.43 per share, which was paid on August 9, 2016, to common stockholders of record as of July 29, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common
stock, pursuant to our DRIP.    Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $1.5 million in cash and 58,167
newly issued shares of common stock, or 1.0% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $16.32 per share, which equaled the
volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on July 27, 28, 29 and August 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8 and 9, 2016.  
 On March 31, 2016, the Company declared a dividend of $0.41 per share, which was paid on April 27, 2016, to common stockholders of
record as of April 15, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant to our DRIP.  
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $1.5 million in cash and 56,728 newly issued shares of common stock,
or 1.0% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $15.43 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per
share of the common stock on April 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26 and 27, 2016.    The following table summarizes dividends
declared during the six months ended August 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands except per share amounts):      

* 
 Amount per share is calculated based on the number of shares outstanding at the date of declaration.    
 The following table summarizes dividends declared during the six months ended August 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands except per share
amounts):      

* 
 Amount per share is calculated based on the number of shares outstanding at the date of declaration.    
      30  

Table of Contents  

   Note 12. Financial Highlights   
 The following is a schedule of financial highlights for the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015:  

(1) 
 Net investment income per share is calculated using the weighted average shares outstanding during the period.    

(2) 
 Total investment return is calculated assuming a purchase of common shares at the current market value on the first day and a sale at the current market value on the last day of the periods reported. Dividends and
distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company s DRIP. Total investment return does not reflect brokerage commissions. Total investment returns covering less than a full
period are not annualized.    

(3) 
 Total investment return is calculated assuming a purchase of common shares at the current net asset value on the first day and a sale at the current net asset value on the last day of the periods reported. Dividends and
distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company s DRIP. Total investment return does not reflect brokerage commissions.    

(4) 
 Represents the dilutive effect of issuing common stock below net asset value per share during the period in connection with the satisfaction of the Company s annual RIC distribution requirement. See Note 11,
Dividend.    

(5) 
 Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of year-to-date sales or year-to-date purchases over the average of the invested assets at fair value.    

(6) 
 Ratios are not annualized.    

(7) 
 Ratios are annualized.    

(8) 
 Ratios are annualized. Incentive management fees included within the ratio are not annualized.    
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Note 13. Subsequent Events   
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the filing of this Form 10-Q and determined that there have been no events that have
occurred that would require adjustments to the Company s disclosures in the consolidated financial statements except for the following:  
 On October 5, 2016, the Company declared a dividend of $0.44 per share payable for the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2016 to all
stockholders of record at the close of business on October 31, 2016, with a payment date on November 9, 2016. Shareholders will have the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock pursuant to the
Company s DRIP.   On October 5, 2016, the Company s board of directors determined to increase the cap on the payment or
reimbursement of expenses by the Company under the Administration Agreement, from $1.3 million to $1.5 million, effective November 1, 2016.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related
notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this Quarterly Report contain forward-looking information that
involves risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information due to the factors discussed under Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended February 29, 2016.    The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future
performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us or are within our control. If a
change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements.  
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as
to:      

our future operating results;        

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies;        

the impact of investments that we expect to make;        

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;        

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest;        

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;        

our expected financings and investments;        

our regulatory structure and tax treatment, including our ability to operate as a business development company ( BDC ), or to operate our small business investment company ( SBIC ) subsidiary, and to
continue to qualify to be taxed as a regulated investment company ( RIC         

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital;        

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; and        

the ability of our investment adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and effectively administer our investments.    
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q.      OVERVIEW   
 We are a Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). Our
investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation from our investments. We invest primarily in leveraged loans and mezzanine debt issued by private U.S. middle market companies, which we define as
companies having EBITDA of between $2 million and $50 million, both through direct lending and through participation in loan syndicates. We may also invest up to 30.0% of the portfolio in opportunistic investments in order to seek to enhance returns
to stockholders. Such investments may include investments in distressed debt, which may include securities of companies in bankruptcy, foreign debt, private equity, securities of public companies that are not thinly traded and structured finance
vehicles such as collateralized loan obligation funds. We have elected and qualified to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ).  
      33  

Table of Contents  

    Corporate History and Recent Developments    
 We commenced operations, at the time known as GSC Investment Corp., on March 23, 2007 and completed an initial public offering of shares
of common stock on March 28, 2007. Prior to July 30, 2010, we were externally managed and advised by GSCP (NJ), L.P., an entity affiliated with GSC Group, Inc. In connection with the consummation of a recapitalization transaction on
July 30, 2010, as described below we engaged Saratoga Investment Advisors ( SIA ) to replace GSCP (NJ), L.P. as our investment adviser and changed our name to Saratoga Investment Corp.  
 As a result of the event of default under a revolving securitized credit facility with Deutsche Bank we previously had in place, in
December 2008 we engaged the investment banking firm of Stifel, Nicolaus   Company to evaluate strategic transaction opportunities and consider alternatives for us. On April 14, 2010, GSC Investment Corp. entered into a stock
purchase agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates and an assignment, assumption and novation agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors, pursuant to which GSC Investment Corp. assumed certain rights and obligations
of Saratoga Investment Advisors under a debt commitment letter Saratoga Investment Advisors received from Madison Capital Funding LLC, which indicated Madison Capital Funding s willingness to provide GSC Investment Corp. with a
$40.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility, subject to the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions. In addition, GSC Investment Corp. and GSCP (NJ), L.P. entered into a termination and release agreement, to be effective as of
the closing of the transaction contemplated by the stock purchase agreement, pursuant to which GSCP (NJ), L.P., among other things, agreed to waive any and all accrued and unpaid deferred incentive management fees up to and as of the closing of the
transaction contemplated by the stock purchase agreement but continued to be entitled to receive the base management fees earned through the date of the closing of the transaction contemplated by the stock purchase agreement.  
 On July 30, 2010, the transactions contemplated by the stock purchase agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its
affiliates were completed, the private sale of 986,842 shares of our common stock for $15.0 million in aggregate purchase price to Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates closed, the Company entered into the Credit Facility, and
the Company began doing business as Saratoga Investment Corp.    We used the net proceeds from the private sale transaction and a portion of
the funds available to us under the Credit Facility to pay the full amount of principal and accrued interest, including default interest, outstanding under our revolving securitized credit facility with Deutsche Bank. The revolving securitized
credit facility with Deutsche Bank was terminated in connection with our payment of all amounts outstanding thereunder on July 30, 2010.  
 On August 12, 2010, we effected a one-for-ten reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock. As a result of the reverse stock
split, every ten shares of our common stock were converted into one share of our common stock. Any fractional shares received as a result of the reverse stock split were redeemed for cash. The total cash payment in lieu of shares was $230.
Immediately after the reverse stock split, we had 2,680,842 shares of our common stock outstanding.    In January 2011, we registered
for public resale of the 986,842 shares of our common stock issued to Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates.    On
March 28, 2012, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC, LP ( SBIC LP ), received an SBIC license from the Small Business Administration ( SBA ).  
 In May 2013, we issued $48.3 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.50% unsecured notes due 2020 for net proceeds of $46.1
million after deducting underwriting commissions of $1.9 million and offering costs of $0.3 million. The proceeds included the underwriters  full exercise of their overallotment option. Interest on these notes is paid quarterly in arrears on
February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, at a rate of 7.50% per year, beginning August 15, 2013. The notes mature on May 31, 2020 and since May 31, 2016, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time
or from time to time at our option. The notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol  SAQ  with a par value of $25.00 per share.  
 On April 2, 2015, the SBA issued a  green light  letter inviting the Company to continue the application process to obtain a
license to form and operate its second SBIC subsidiary. On September 27, 2016, the SBA informed us that as part of their continued review of our application for a second license, and in order to ensure that they were reviewing the most current
information available, we would need to update all previously submitted materials and invited us to reapply. As a result of this request, with which we are in the process of complying, the existing  green light  letter that the SBA issued
to us will expire. If approved in the future, a second SBIC license would provide us an incremental source of long-term capital by permitting us to issue up to $150.0 million of additional SBA-guaranteed debentures in addition to the $150.0 million
already approved under the first license.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  On May 29, 2015, we entered into a Debt Distribution Agreement with Ladenburg
Thalmann   Co. through which we may offer for sale, from time to time, up to $20.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes through an At-the-Market ( ATM ) offering. As of August 31, 2016, the Company sold 539,725
bonds with a principal of $13,493,125 at an average price of $25.31 for aggregate net proceeds of $13,385,766 (net of transaction costs).     Critical
Accounting Policies       Basis of Presentation    
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) requires
management to make certain estimates and assumptions affecting amounts reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements. We have identified investment valuation, revenue recognition and the recognition of capital gains incentive fee
expense as our most critical accounting estimates. We continuously evaluate our estimates, including those related to the matters described below. These estimates are based on the information that is currently available to us and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A discussion of our critical accounting policies follows.  
   Investment Valuation    
 The Company accounts for its investments at fair value in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a fair value hierarchy
based on the quality of inputs used to measure fair value and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. ASC 820 requires the Company to assume that its investments are to be sold at the balance sheet date in the principal market
to independent market participants, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market, which may be a hypothetical market. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that
are independent, knowledgeable, and willing and able to transact.    Investments for which market quotations are readily available are fair
valued at such market quotations obtained from independent third party pricing services and market makers subject to any decision by our board of directors to approve a fair value determination to reflect significant events affecting the value of
these investments. We value investments for which market quotations are not readily available at fair value as approved, in good faith, by our board of directors based on input from Saratoga Investment Advisers, the audit committee of our board of
directors and a third party independent valuation firm. Determinations of fair value may involve subjective judgments and estimates. The types of factors that may be considered in determining the fair value of our investments include the nature and
realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, market yield trend analysis, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded companies, discounted cash flow and other
relevant factors.    We undertake a multi-step valuation process each quarter when valuing investments for which market quotations are not
readily available, as described below:      

Each investment is initially valued by the responsible investment professionals of Saratoga Investment Advisors and preliminary valuation conclusions are documented and discussed with our senior management; and

An independent valuation firm engaged by our board of directors reviews a selection of these preliminary valuations each quarter so that the valuation of each investment for which market quotes are not readily available
is reviewed by the independent valuation firm at least once each fiscal year.      In addition, all our investments are subject
to the following valuation process:      

The audit committee of our board of directors reviews and approves each preliminary valuation and Saratoga Investment Advisors and an independent valuation firm (if applicable) will supplement the preliminary valuation
to reflect any comments provided by the audit committee; and        

Our board of directors discusses the valuations and approves the fair value of each investment, in good faith, based on the input of Saratoga Investment Advisors, independent valuation firm (to the extent applicable)
and the audit committee of our board of directors.      Our investment in Saratoga Investment Corp. CLO 2013-1, Ltd.
( Saratoga CLO ) is carried at fair value, which is based on a discounted cash flow model that utilizes prepayment, re-investment and loss assumptions based on historical experience and projected performance, economic factors, the
characteristics of the underlying cash flow, and comparable yields for equity interests in collateralized loan obligation funds similar to Saratoga CLO, when available, as determined by SIA and recommended to our board of directors. Specifically, we
use Intex cash flow models, or an appropriate substitute, to form the basis for the valuation of our  
      35  

Table of Contents  

investment in Saratoga CLO. The models use a set of assumptions including projected default rates, recovery rates, reinvestment rate and prepayment rates in order to arrive at estimated
valuations. The assumptions are based on available market data and projections provided by third parties as well as management estimates. We use the output from the Intex models (i.e., the estimated cash flows) to perform a discounted cash flow
analysis on expected future cash flows to determine a valuation for our investment in Saratoga CLO.      Revenue Recognition
      Income Recognition   
 Interest income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such
amounts are expected to be collected. The Company stops accruing interest on its investments when it is determined that interest is no longer collectible. Discounts and premiums on investments purchased are accreted/amortized over the life of the
respective investment using the effective yield method. The amortized cost of investments represents the original cost adjusted for the accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on investments.  
 Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued interest
is generally reserved when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as a reduction in principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans
are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current, although we may make exceptions to this general rule if the loan has sufficient collateral value and
is in the process of collection.    Interest income on our investment in Saratoga CLO is recorded using the effective interest method in
accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 325-40,  Investments-Other, Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets , based on the anticipated yield and the estimated cash flows over the projected life of the investment. Yields
are revised when there are changes in actual or estimated cash flows due to changes in prepayments and/or re-investments, credit losses or asset pricing. Changes in estimated yield are recognized as an adjustment to the estimated yield over the
remaining life of the investment from the date the estimated yield was changed.     Payment-in-Kind Interest   
 The Company holds debt investments in its portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind ( PIK ) interest provision. The PIK interest,
which represents contractually deferred interest added to the investment balance that is generally due at maturity, is generally recorded on the accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. We stop accruing PIK interest if
we do not expect the issuer to be able to pay all principal and interest when due.     Capital Gains Incentive Fee   
 The Company records an expense accrual relating to the capital gains incentive fee payable by the Company to its investment adviser when the
unrealized gains on its investments exceed all realized capital losses on its investments given the fact that a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the investment adviser if the Company were to liquidate its investment portfolio at such
time. The actual incentive fee payable to the Company s investment adviser related to capital gains will be determined and payable in arrears at the end of each fiscal year and will include only realized capital gains for the period.  
   Revenues      We
generate revenue in the form of interest income and capital gains on the debt investments that we hold and capital gains, if any, on equity interests that we may acquire. We expect our debt investments, whether in the form of leveraged loans or
mezzanine debt, to have terms of up to ten years, and to bear interest at either a fixed or floating rate. Interest on debt will be payable generally either quarterly or semi-annually. In some cases, our debt investments may provide for a portion of
the interest to be PIK. To the extent interest is paid-in-kind, it will be payable through the increase of the principal amount of the obligation by the amount of interest due on the then-outstanding aggregate principal amount of such obligation.
The principal amount of the debt and any accrued but unpaid interest will generally become due at the maturity date. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing
managerial assistance or investment management services and possibly consulting fees. Any such fees will be generated in connection with our investments and recognized as earned. We may also invest in preferred equity securities that pay dividends
on a current basis.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  On January 22, 2008, we entered into a collateral management agreement with Saratoga CLO,
pursuant to which we act as its collateral manager. The Saratoga CLO was refinanced in October 2013 and its reinvestment period ends in October 2016. The Saratoga CLO remains 100% owned and managed by Saratoga Investment Corp. We receive a
base management fee of 0.25% and a subordinated management fee of 0.25% of the fee basis amount at the beginning of the collection period, paid quarterly to the extent of available proceeds. We are also entitled to an incentive management fee equal
to 20.0% of excess cash flow to the extent the Saratoga CLO subordinated notes receive an internal rate of return equal to or greater than 12.0%.  
 We recognize interest income on our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO using the effective interest method, based on the
anticipated yield and the estimated cash flows over the projected life of the investment. Yields are revised when there are changes in actual or estimated cash flows due to changes in prepayments and/or re-investments, credit losses or asset
pricing. Changes in estimated yield are recognized as an adjustment to the estimated yield over the remaining life of the investment from the date the estimated yield was changed.  
   Expenses      Our
primary operating expenses include the payment of investment advisory and management fees, professional fees, directors and officers insurance, fees paid to independent directors and administrator expenses, including our allocable portion of our
administrator s overhead. Our investment advisory and management fees compensate our investment adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. We bear all other costs and expenses of our
operations and transactions, including those relating to:      

organization;        

calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm);        

expenses incurred by our investment adviser payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in monitoring our financial and legal affairs and in monitoring our investments and performing due
diligence on our prospective portfolio companies;        

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments;        

offerings of our common stock and other securities;        

investment advisory and management fees;        

fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments;    

transfer agent and custodial fees;        

federal and state registration fees;        

all costs of registration and listing our common stock on any securities exchange;        

federal, state and local taxes;        

independent directors  fees and expenses;        

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by governmental bodies (including the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and the SBA);    

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to common stockholders including printing costs;        

our fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums;        

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and    

administration fees and all other expenses incurred by us or, if applicable, the administrator in connection with administering our business (including payments under the Administration Agreement based upon our
allocable portion of the administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under an administration agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our officers and their respective staffs (including travel expenses)).
   
      37  

Table of Contents  

  Pursuant to the investment advisory and management agreement that we had with GSCP (NJ), L.P.,
our former investment adviser and administrator, we had agreed to pay GSCP (NJ), L.P. as investment adviser a quarterly base management fee of 1.75% of the average value of our total assets (other than cash or cash equivalents but including assets
purchased with borrowed funds) at the end of the two most recently completed fiscal quarters and an incentive fee.    The incentive fee had
two parts:      

A fee, payable quarterly in arrears, equal to 20.0% of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter, that
exceeded a 1.875% quarterly (7.5% annualized) hurdle rate measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Under this provision, in any fiscal quarter, our investment adviser received no incentive fee unless our pre-incentive fee net investment income
exceeded the hurdle rate of 1.875%. Amounts received as a return of capital were not included in calculating this portion of the incentive fee. Since the hurdle rate was based on net assets, a return of less than the hurdle rate on total assets
could still have resulted in an incentive fee.        

A fee, payable at the end of each fiscal year, equal to 20.0% of our net realized capital gains, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation, in each case on a cumulative
basis, less the aggregate amount of capital gains incentive fees paid to the investment adviser through such date.      We
deferred cash payment of any incentive fee otherwise earned by our former investment adviser if, during the then most recent four full fiscal quarters ending on or prior to the date such payment was to be made, the sum of (a) our aggregate
distributions to our stockholders and (b) our change in net assets (defined as total assets less liabilities) (before taking into account any incentive fees payable during that period) was less than 7.5% of our net assets at the beginning of
such period. These calculations were appropriately pro-rated for the first three fiscal quarters of operation and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the applicable period. Such incentive fee would become payable on the next date
on which such test had been satisfied for the most recent four full fiscal quarters or upon certain terminations of the investment advisory and management agreement. We commenced deferring cash payment of incentive fees during the quarterly period
ended August 31, 2007, and continued to defer such payments through the quarterly period ended May 31, 2010. As of July 30, 2010, the date on which GSCP (NJ), L.P. ceased to be our investment adviser and administrator, we owed GSCP
(NJ), L.P. $2.9 million in fees for services previously provided to us; of which $0.3 million has been paid by us. GSCP (NJ), L.P. agreed to waive payment by us of the remaining $2.6 million in connection with the consummation of the
stock purchase transaction with Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its affiliates described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.  
 The terms of the investment advisory and management agreement with Saratoga Investment Advisors, our current investment adviser, are
substantially similar to the terms of the investment advisory and management agreement we had entered into with GSCP (NJ), L.P., our former investment adviser, except for the following material distinctions in the fee terms:  

The capital gains portion of the incentive fee was reset with respect to gains and losses from May 31, 2010, and therefore losses and gains incurred prior to such time will not be taken into account when
calculating the capital gains fee payable to Saratoga Investment Advisors and, as a result, Saratoga Investment Advisors will be entitled to 20.0% of net gains that arise after May 31, 2010. In addition, the cost basis for computing realized
gains and losses on investments held by us as of May 31, 2010 equal the fair value of such investment as of such date. Under the investment advisory and management agreement with our former investment adviser, GSCP (NJ), L.P., the capital gains
fee was calculated from March 21, 2007, and the gains were substantially outweighed by losses.        

Under the  catch up  provision, 100.0% of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income that exceeds 1.875% (7.5% annualized) but is
less than or equal to 2.344% in any fiscal quarter is payable to Saratoga Investment Advisors. This will enable Saratoga Investment Advisors to receive 20.0% of all net investment income as such amount approaches 2.344% in any quarter, and Saratoga
Investment Advisors will receive 20.0% of any additional net investment income. Under the investment advisory and management agreement with our former investment adviser, GSCP (NJ), L.P. only received 20.0% of the excess net investment income over
1.875%.        

We will no longer have deferral rights regarding incentive fees in the event that the distributions to stockholders and change in net assets is less than 7.5% for the preceding four fiscal quarters.    
 To the extent that any of our leveraged loans are denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, we may enter into currency hedging
contracts to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We may also enter into interest rate hedging agreements. Such hedging activities, which will be subject to compliance with applicable legal requirements, may include the
use of interest rate caps, futures, options and forward contracts. Costs incurred in entering into or settling such contracts will be borne by us.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

   New Accounting Pronouncements   
 In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-02,  Amendments to the Leases  ( ASC Topic
842 ), which will require for all operating leases the recognition of a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, in the statement of financial position. The lease cost will be allocated over the lease term on a straight-line basis. This
guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Management is currently evaluating the impact these changes will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ). ASU 2016-01 retains many current requirements for the classification and measurement of financial instruments; however, it significantly revises an entity s accounting
related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. ASU 2016-01 also amends certain disclosure
requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted for public business entities. Management is
currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard has on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.    In August
2014, the FASB issued new accounting guidance that requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. The
amendments provide a definition of the term  substantial doubt  and include principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans. The amendments also require an evaluation every reporting period, including interim
periods for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued), and certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated or not alleviated. The amendments in this update are effective for
reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016. Management does not believe these changes will have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements in Revenue Recognition (Topic 605). Under the new guidance, an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to
be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In May 2016, ASU 2016-12 amended ASU 2014-09 and deferred the effective period to December 15, 2017. Management is currently evaluating the impact these changes will have on the
Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.     Portfolio and investment activity   
   Corporate Debt Portfolio Overview        

(1) 
 Excludes our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO.    

(2) 
 Excludes our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO and investments in equity interests.    
      39  

Table of Contents  

  During the three months ended August 31, 2016, we invested $55.7 million in new or existing
portfolio companies and had $50.3 million in aggregate amount of exits and repayments resulting in net investments of $5.4 million for the period. During the three months ended August 31, 2015, we invested $18.9 million in new or existing
portfolio companies and had $27.4 million in aggregate amount of exits and repayments resulting in net repayments of $8.5 million for the period.  
 During the six months ended August 31, 2016, we invested $55.7 million in new or existing portfolio companies and had $70.9 million in
aggregate amount of exits and repayments resulting in net repayments of $15.2 million for the period. During the six months ended August 31, 2015, we invested $42.1 million in new or existing portfolio companies and had $34.8 million in
aggregate amount of exits and repayments resulting in net investments of $7.3 million for the period.    Our portfolio composition at
August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016 at fair value was as follows:      Portfolio composition    
   
   Our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO represents a first loss position in a portfolio that,
at August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016 was composed of $299.5 million and $302.7 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of predominantly senior secured first lien term loans. This investment is subject to unique risks. (See
 Risk Factors Our investment in Saratoga CLO constitutes a leveraged investment in a portfolio of predominantly senior secured first lien term loans and is subject to additional risks and volatility  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016). We do not consolidate the Saratoga CLO portfolio in our consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the metrics below do not include the underlying Saratoga CLO portfolio investments. However,
at August 31, 2016, $289.5 million or 99.5% of the Saratoga CLO portfolio investments in terms of market value had a CMR (as defined below) color rating of green or yellow and there were no Saratoga CLO portfolio investments in default. At
February 29, 2016, $283.3 million or 99.4% of the Saratoga CLO portfolio investments in terms of market value had a CMR (as defined below) color rating of green or yellow and one Saratoga CLO portfolio investment was in default with a fair
value of $0.8 million.    Saratoga Investment Advisors normally grades all of our investments using a credit and monitoring rating system
( CMR ). The CMR consists of a single component: a color rating. The color rating is based on several criteria, including financial and operating strength, probability of default, and restructuring risk. The color ratings are characterized
as follows: (Green) strong credit; (Yellow) satisfactory credit; (Red) payment default risk, in payment default and/or significant restructuring activity.  
 The CMR distribution of our investments at August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016 was as follows:  
   Portfolio CMR distribution        

(1) 
 Comprised of our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO and equity interests.    
      40  

Table of Contents  

  The CMR distribution of Saratoga CLO investments at August 31, 2016 and February 29,
2016 was as follows:      Portfolio CMR distribution        

(1) 
 Comprised of Saratoga CLO s equity interests.        Portfolio composition by industry
grouping at fair value      The following table shows our portfolio composition by industry grouping at fair value at August 31,
2016 and February 29, 2016:      

(1) 
 Comprised of our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO.    
      41  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows Saratoga CLO s portfolio composition by industry grouping at fair
value at August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016:      
 
      42  

Table of Contents  

    Portfolio composition by geographic location at fair value    
 The following table shows our portfolio composition by geographic location at fair value at August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016.
The geographic composition is determined by the location of the corporate headquarters of the portfolio company.      

(1) 
 Comprised of our investment in the subordinated notes of Saratoga CLO.       Results of operations   
 Operating results for the three and six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 were as follows:  

43  

Table of Contents  

    Investment income    
 The composition of our investment income for the three and six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 were as follows:  
   
   For the three months ended August 31, 2016, total investment income increased $0.7 million, or 8.9%
compared to the three months ended August 31, 2015. Interest income from investments increased $0.5 million, or 7.1%, to $7.3 million for the three months ended August 31, 2016 from $6.8 million for the three months ended
August 31, 2015. This reflects an increase of 8.2% in total investments to $272.8 million at August 31, 2016 from $252.2 million at August 31, 2015, with the weighted average current coupon increasing from 11.7% to 11.9%.  
 For the six months ended August 31, 2016, total investment income increased $1.0 million, or 6.8% compared to the six months ended
August 31, 2015. Interest income from investments increased $0.8 million, or 6.1%, to $14.6 million for the six months ended August 31, 2016 from $13.8 million for the six months ended August 31, 2015. This reflects an
increase of 8.2% in total investments to $272.8 million at August 31, 2016 from $252.2 million at August 31, 2015, with the weighted average current coupon increasing from 11.7% to 11.9%.  
 For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, total PIK income was $0.2 million and $0.3 million, respectively.
For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, total PIK income was $0.3 million and $1.0 million, respectively.  
   Operating expenses    
 The composition of our operating expenses for the three and six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 were as follows:
     Operating Expenses        
 
      44  

Table of Contents  

For the three months ended August 31, 2016, total operating expenses increased $1.7 million, or 42.5%
compared to the three months ended August 31, 2015. For the six months ended August 31, 2016, total operating expenses increased $1.3 million, or 13.4% compared to the six months ended August 31, 2015.  
 For the three and six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, the increase in interest and debt financing expenses is
primarily attributable to an increase in outstanding debt as compared to the prior year, with increased levels of outstanding SBA debentures, as well as additional notes being issued. Although the Credit Facility decreased from $2.0 million
outstanding at August 31, 2015 to $0.0 million at August 31, 2016, this was more than offset by our SBA debentures increasing from $79.0 million to $103.7 million, and the notes payable increasing from $57.2 million outstanding to $61.8
million outstanding for these same periods. For the three months ended August 31, 2016, the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding indebtedness was 4.80% compared to 5.03% for the three months ended August 31, 2015. For the six
months ended August 31, 2016, the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding indebtedness was 4.77% compared to 4.96% for the six months ended August 31, 2015. For both periods, the decrease was primarily driven by an increase in
SBA debentures that carry a lower interest rate and makes up a higher proportion of our overall debt this year partially offset by the increase in notes payable that carry a higher interest rate. SBA debentures increased from 57.1% of overall debt
as of August 31, 2015 to 62.7% as of August 31, 2016.    For the three months ended August 31, 2016, base management fees
increased $0.1 million, or 4.5% compared to the three months ended August 31, 2015. For the six months ended August 31, 2016, base management fees increased $0.2 million, or 6.8% compared to the six months ended August 31,
2015. The increase in base management fees results from the increase in the average value of our total assets, less cash and cash equivalents, from $261.0 million as of August 31, 2015 to $272.7 million as of August 31, 2016.  
 For the three and six months ended August 31, 2016, professional fees decreased $0.05 million, or 13.5%, and decreased
$0.02 million, or 3.1%, respectively, compared to the three and six months ended August 31, 2015.    For the three months ended
August 31, 2016, incentive management fees increased $1.2 million as compared to the three months ended August 31, 2015. The first part of the incentive management fees increased this year from $0.7 million to $0.8 million reflecting
higher pre-incentive fee net investment income for the three months ended August 31, 2016. For the three months ended August 31, 2016, incentive management fees related to capital gains changed from a $0.8 million reduction of expense to a
$0.4 million increase in expense as compared to the three months ended August 31, 2015, reflecting the $2.4 million net loss on investments for the three months ended August 31, 2015, as compared to the $2.7 million net gain on investments
for the three months ended August 31, 2016.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

  For the six months ended August 31, 2016, incentive management fees increased $0.2 million,
or 10.3% compared to the six months ended August 31, 2015. The first part of the incentive management fees remained relatively unchanged this year at $1.4 million as a higher pre-incentive fee net investment income increase was offset by higher
net assets that has led to decreased net investment income above the hurdle rate pursuant to the investment advisory and management agreement. However, for the six months ended August 31, 2016, incentive management fees in total increased $0.2
million as the incentive management fees related to capital gains increased from $0.3 million to $0.5 million compared to the six months ended August 31, 2015, reflecting the $3.2 million net gain on investments for the six months ended
August 31, 2015, as compared to the $3.4 million net gain on investments for the six months ended August 31, 2016.    As discussed
above, the increase in interest and debt financing expenses for the three and six months ended August 31, 2016 as compared to the three and six months ended August 31, 2015 is primarily attributable to an increase in the amount of
outstanding debt. For the three and six months ended August 31, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility. For the three and six months ended August 31, 2015, the weighted average interest rate on the outstanding
borrowings under the Credit Facility was 6.00%. For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, the weighted average interest rate on the outstanding borrowings of the SBA debentures was 3.19% and 3.25%, respectively. For
the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, the weighted average interest rate on the outstanding borrowings of the SBA debentures was 3.14% and 3.20%, respectively.  
   Net realized gains/(losses) on sales of investments    
 For the three months ended August 31, 2016, the Company had $50.3 million of sales, repayments, exits or restructurings resulting in
$5.9 million of net realized gains. For the six months ended August 31, 2016, the Company had $70.9 million of sales, repayments, exits or restructurings resulting in $12.0 million of net realized gains. The most significant
realized gains during the six months ended August 31, 2016 were as follows (dollars in thousands):     Six Months ended
August 31, 2016       
   The $6.0 million of realized gain on our investment in Take 5 Oil Change, L.L.C. was due to the completion of
a sales transaction with a strategic acquirer.    The $3.4 million of realized gains on our investments in Legacy Cabinets, Inc. were due to
a period of steadily improving performance, leading up to our sale of shares in Legacy Cabinets, Inc.    For the three months ended
August 31, 2015, the Company had $27.4 million of sales, repayments, exits or restructurings resulting in $3.7 million of net realized gains. For the six months ended August 31, 2015, the Company had $34.8 million of sales,
repayments, exits or restructurings resulting in $3.8 million of net realized gains. The most significant realized gains during the six months ended August 31, 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands):  
  Six Months ended August 31, 2015       
   The $3.2 million and $0.2 million of realized gains in our investments in Network Communications, Inc. were
due to the sale of the company to a third party and reflects the realization value pursuant to that transaction.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

    Net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments    
 For the three months ended August 31, 2016, our investments had net unrealized depreciation of $3.3 million versus net unrealized
depreciation of $6.1 million for the three months ended August 31, 2015. For the six months ended August 31, 2016, our investments had net unrealized depreciation of $8.6 million versus net unrealized depreciation of $0.6 million
for the six months ended August 31, 2015. The most significant cumulative changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation for the six months ended August 31, 2016, were the following (dollars in thousands):  
  Six Months ended August 31, 2016       
   The $5.8 million of change in unrealized depreciation in our investment in Take 5 Oil Change, L.L.C. was
driven by the completion of a sales transaction with a strategic acquirer. In realizing this gain as a result of the sale, unrealized appreciation was adjusted to zero, which resulted in a $5.8 million change in unrealized depreciation for the
period.    The $4.0 million of change in unrealized depreciation in our investments in Legacy Cabinets, Inc. were driven by the completion
of a sales transaction. In realizing these gains as a result of the sale, unrealized appreciation was adjusted to zero, which resulted in a $4.0 million change in unrealized depreciation for the period.  
 The $1.7 million of change in unrealized depreciation in our investment in Elyria Foundry Company, L.L.C. was driven by a continued decline in
oil and gas end markets since year-end, negatively impacting the company s performance.    The most significant cumulative changes in
unrealized appreciation and depreciation for the six months ended August 31, 2015, were the following (dollars in thousands):     Six
Months ended August 31, 2015       
   The $1.4 million unrealized appreciation in our investment in the Saratoga CLO was primarily due to a decline
in the discount rate based on prevailing market conditions.    The $3.1 million unrealized depreciation in our investment in Elyria Foundry
Company, LLC was primarily due to a decline in oil and gas end markets since year-end, negatively impacting the company s performance.  
 The $1.2 million unrealized depreciation in our investment in Smile Brands Group, Inc. was primarily due to declining profitability driven by
increased spending.      Changes in net assets resulting from operations    
 For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of
$5.3 million and $1.2 million, respectively. Based on 5,740,816 weighted average common shares outstanding as of August 31, 2016, our per share net increase in net assets resulting from operations was $0.92 for the three months ended
August 31, 2016. This compares to a per share net increase in net assets resulting from operations of $0.22 for the three months ended August 31, 2015 based on 5,583,795 weighted average common shares outstanding as of August 31,
2015.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

  For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, we recorded a net
increase in net assets resulting from operations of $8.6 million and $8.6 million, respectively. Based on 5,739,157 weighted average common shares outstanding as of August 31, 2016, our per share net increase in net assets resulting from
operations was $1.49 for the six months ended August 31, 2016. This compares to a per share net increase in net assets resulting from operations of $1.57 for the six months ended August 31, 2015 based on 5,492,491 weighted average common
shares outstanding as of August 31, 2015.     FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
 We intend to continue to generate cash primarily from cash flows from operations, including interest earned from our investments in debt in
middle market companies, interest earned from the temporary investment of cash in U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less, future borrowings and future offerings of securities.  
 Although we expect to fund the growth of our investment portfolio through the net proceeds from SBA debenture drawdowns and future equity
offerings, including our dividend reinvestment plan ( DRIP ), and issuances of senior securities or future borrowings, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, we cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital will be successful. In
this regard, because our common stock has historically traded at a price below our current net asset value per share and we are limited in our ability to sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share, we have been and may continue
to be limited in our ability to raise equity capital.    In addition, we intend to distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our
taxable income in order to satisfy the distribution requirement applicable to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code. In satisfying this distribution requirement, we have in the past relied on IRS issued private letter rulings concluding that a RIC may
treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC subject to a limitation on the aggregate amount of cash
to be distributed to all stockholders, which limitation must be at least 20% of the aggregate declared distribution. We may rely on these IRS private letter rulings in future periods to satisfy our RIC distribution requirement.  
 Also, as a BDC, we generally are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets, less liabilities and indebtedness not represented by
senior securities, to total senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any outstanding preferred stock, of at least 200%. This requirement limits the amount that we may borrow. Our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act,
was 308.1% as of August 31, 2016 and 302.5% as of February 29, 2016. To fund growth in our investment portfolio in the future, we anticipate needing to raise additional capital from various sources, including the equity markets and other
debt-related markets, which may or may not be available on favorable terms, if at all.    Consequently, we may not have the funds or the
ability to fund new investments, to make additional investments in our portfolio companies, to fund our unfunded commitments to portfolio companies or to repay borrowings. Also, the illiquidity of our portfolio investments may make it difficult for
us to sell these investments when desired and, if we are required to sell these investments, we may realize significantly less than their recorded value.  
   Madison revolving credit facility    
 Below is a summary of the terms of the senior secured revolving credit facility we entered into with Madison Capital Funding LLC (the
 Credit Facility ) on June 30, 2010.     Availability.  The Company can draw up to the lesser of
(i) $40.0 million (the  Facility Amount ) and (ii) the product of the applicable advance rate (which varies from 50.0% to 75.0% depending on the type of loan asset) and the value, determined in accordance with the Credit
Facility (the  Adjusted Borrowing Value ), of certain  eligible  loan assets pledged as security for the loan (the  Borrowing Base ), in each case less (a) the amount of any undrawn funding commitments the Company
has under any loan asset and which are not covered by amounts in the Unfunded Exposure Account referred to below (the  Unfunded Exposure Amount ) and (b) outstanding borrowings. Each loan asset held by the Company as of the date on
which the Credit Facility was closed was valued as of that date and each loan asset that the Company acquires after such date will be valued at the lowest of its fair value, its face value (excluding accrued interest) and the purchase price paid for
such loan asset. Adjustments to the value of a loan asset will be made to reflect, among other things, changes in its fair value, a default by the obligor on the loan asset, insolvency of the obligor, acceleration of the loan asset, and certain
modifications to the terms of the loan asset.    The Credit Facility contains limitations on the type of loan assets that are
 eligible  to be included in the Borrowing Base and as to the concentration level of certain categories of loan assets in the Borrowing Base such as restrictions on geographic and industry concentrations, asset size and quality, payment
frequency, status and terms, average life, and collateral interests. In addition, if an  
      48  

Table of Contents  

asset is to remain an  eligible  loan asset, the Company may not make changes to the payment, amortization, collateral and certain other terms of the loan assets without the consent of
the administrative agent that will either result in subordination of the loan asset or be materially adverse to the lenders.  
  Collateral.  The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company (other than assets held by our SBIC
subsidiary) and includes the subordinated notes ( CLO Notes ) issued by Saratoga CLO and the Company s rights under the CLO Management Agreement (as defined below).  
  Interest Rate and Fees.  Under the Credit Facility, funds are borrowed from or through certain lenders at the greater of the prevailing
LIBOR rate and 2.00%, plus an applicable margin of 5.50%. At the Company s option, funds may be borrowed based on an alternative base rate, which in no event will be less than 3.00%, and the applicable margin over such alternative base rate is
4.50%. In addition, the Company pays the lenders a commitment fee of 0.75% per year on the unused amount of the Credit Facility for the duration of the Revolving Period (defined below). Accrued interest and commitment fees are payable monthly.
The Company was also obligated to pay certain other fees to the lenders in connection with the closing of the Credit Facility.  
  Revolving Period and Maturity Date.  The Company may make and repay borrowings under the Credit Facility for a period of three years
following the closing of the Credit Facility (the  Revolving Period ). The Revolving Period may be terminated at an earlier time by the Company or, upon the occurrence of an event of default, by action of the lenders or automatically. All
borrowings and other amounts payable under the Credit Facility are due and payable in full five years after the end of the Revolving Period.  
  Collateral Tests.  It is a condition precedent to any borrowing under the Credit Facility that the principal amount outstanding under
the Credit Facility, after giving effect to the proposed borrowings, not exceed the lesser of the Borrowing Base or the Facility Amount (the  Borrowing Base Test ). In addition to satisfying the Borrowing Base Test, the following tests
must also be satisfied (together with Borrowing Base Test, the  Collateral Tests ):      

Interest Coverage Ratio.  The ratio (expressed as a percentage) of interest collections with respect to pledged loan assets, less certain fees and expenses relating to the Credit Facility, to accrued interest and
commitment fees and any breakage costs payable to the lenders under the Credit Facility for the last 6 payment periods must equal at least 175.0%.        

Overcollateralization Ratio.  The ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate Adjusted Borrowing Value of  eligible  pledged loan assets plus the fair value of certain ineligible pledged loan
assets and the CLO Notes (in each case, subject to certain adjustments) to outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility plus the Unfunded Exposure Amount must equal at least 200.0%.    

Weighted Average FMV Test.  The aggregate adjusted or weighted value of  eligible  pledged loan assets as a percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of  eligible  pledged loan
assets must be equal to or greater than 72.0% and 80.0% during the one-year periods prior to the first and second anniversary of the closing date, respectively, and 85.0% at all times thereafter.    
 The Credit Facility also requires payment of outstanding borrowings or replacement of pledged loan assets upon the Company s breach of
its representation and warranty that pledged loan assets included in the Borrowing Base are  eligible  loan assets. Such payments or replacements must equal the lower of the amount by which the Borrowing Base is overstated as a result of
such breach or any deficiency under the Collateral Tests at the time of repayment or replacement. Compliance with the Collateral Tests is also a condition to the discretionary sale of pledged loan assets by the Company.  
  Priority of Payments.  During the Revolving Period, the priority of payments provisions of the Credit Facility require, after payment of
specified fees and expenses and any necessary funding of the Unfunded Exposure Account, that collections of principal from the loan assets and, to the extent that these are insufficient, collections of interest from the loan assets, be applied on
each payment date to payment of outstanding borrowings if the Borrowing Base Test, the Overcollateralization Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio would not otherwise be met. Similarly, following termination of the Revolving Period, collections of
interest are required to be applied, after payment of certain fees and expenses, to cure any deficiencies in the Borrowing Base Test, the Interest Coverage Ratio and the Overcollateralization Ratio as of the relevant payment date.  
  Reserve Account.  The Credit Facility requires the Company to set aside an amount equal to the sum of accrued interest, commitment fees
and administrative agent fees due and payable on the next succeeding three payment dates (or corresponding to three payment periods). If for any monthly period during which fees and other payments accrue, the aggregate Adjusted Borrowing Value of
 eligible  pledged loan assets which do not pay cash interest at least quarterly exceeds 15.0% of the aggregate Adjusted Borrowing Value of  eligible  pledged loan assets, the Company is required to set aside such interest and
fees due and payable on the next succeeding six payment dates. Amounts in the reserve account can be applied solely to the payment of administrative agent fees, commitment fees, accrued and unpaid interest and any breakage costs payable to the
lenders.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

   Unfunded Exposure Account.  With respect to revolver or delayed draw loan assets, the
Company is required to set aside in a designated account (the  Unfunded Exposure Account ) 100.0% of its outstanding and undrawn funding commitments with respect to such loan assets. The Unfunded Exposure Account is funded at the time the
Company acquires a revolver or delayed draw loan asset and requests a related borrowing under the Credit Facility. The Unfunded Exposure Account is funded through a combination of proceeds of the requested borrowing and other Company funds, and if
for any reason such amounts are insufficient, through application of the priority of payment provisions described above.     Operating
Expenses.  The priority of payments provision of the Credit Facility provides for the payment of certain operating expenses of the Company out of collections on principal and interest during the Revolving Period and out of collections on interest
following the termination of the Revolving Period in accordance with the priority established in such provision. The operating expenses payable pursuant to the priority of payment provisions is limited to $350,000 for each monthly payment date or
$2.5 million for the immediately preceding period of twelve consecutive monthly payment dates. This ceiling can be increased by the lesser of 5.0% or the percentage increase in the fair market value of all the Company s assets only on the
first monthly payment date to occur after each one-year anniversary following the closing of the Credit Facility. Upon the occurrence of a Manager Event (described below), the consent of the administrative agent is required in order to pay operating
expenses through the priority of payments provision.     Events of Default.  The Credit Facility contains certain negative covenants,
customary representations and warranties and affirmative covenants and events of default. The Credit Facility does not contain grace periods for breach by the Company of certain covenants, including, without limitation, preservation of existence,
negative pledge, change of name or jurisdiction and separate legal entity status of the Company covenants and certain other customary covenants. Other events of default under the Credit Facility include, among other things, the following:  

an Overcollateralization Ratio of less than 175.0%;        

the filing of certain ERISA or tax liens;        

the occurrence of certain  Manager Events  such as:        

failure by Saratoga Investment Advisors and its affiliates to maintain collectively, directly or indirectly, a cash equity investment in the Company in an amount equal to at least $5,000,000 at any time prior to the
third anniversary of the closing date;        

failure of the Management Agreement between Saratoga Investment Advisors and the Company to be in full force and effect;        

indictment or conviction of Saratoga Investment Advisors or any  key person  for a felony offense, or any fraud, embezzlement or misappropriation of funds by Saratoga Investment Advisors or any  key
person  and, in the case of  key persons,  without a reputable, experienced individual reasonably satisfactory to Madison Capital Funding appointed to replace such key person within 30 days;    

resignation, termination, disability or death of a  key person  or failure of any  key person  to provide active participation in Saratoga Investment Advisors  daily activities, all without a
reputable, experienced individual reasonably satisfactory to Madison Capital Funding appointed within 30 days; or        

occurrence of any event constituting  cause  under the Collateral Management Agreement between the Company and Saratoga CLO (the  CLO Management Agreement ), delivery of a notice under
Section 12(c) of the CLO Management Agreement with respect to the removal of the Company as collateral manager or the Company ceases to act as collateral manager under the CLO Management Agreement.    
  Conditions to Acquisitions and Pledges of Loan Assets.  The Credit Facility imposes certain additional conditions to the acquisition and
pledge of additional loan assets. Among other things, the Company may not acquire additional loan assets without the prior written consent of the administrative agent until such time that the administrative agent indicates in writing its
satisfaction with Saratoga Investment Advisors  policies, personnel and processes relating to the loan assets.     Fees and
Expenses.  The Company paid certain fees and reimbursed Madison Capital Funding LLC for the aggregate amount of all documented, out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of lawyers, incurred by Madison Capital
Funding LLC in connection with the Credit Facility and the carrying out of any and all acts contemplated thereunder up to and as of the date of closing of the stock purchase transaction with Saratoga Investment Advisors and certain of its
affiliates. These amounts totaled $2.0 million.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

  On February 24, 2012, we amended our senior secured revolving credit facility with Madison
Capital Funding LLC to, among other things:      

expand the borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility from $40.0 million to $45.0 million;        

extend the period during which we may make and repay borrowings under the Credit Facility from July 30, 2013 to February 24, 2015 (the  Revolving Period ). The Revolving Period may, upon the
occurrence of an event of default, by action of the lenders or automatically, be terminated. All borrowings and other amounts payable under the Credit Facility are due and payable five years after the end of the Revolving Period; and

remove the condition that we may not acquire additional loan assets without the prior written consent of the administrative agent.    
 On September 17, 2014, we entered into a second amendment to the Revolving Facility with Madison Capital Funding LLC to, among other
things:      

As of August 31, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility and $103.7 million SBA-guaranteed debentures
outstanding (which are discussed below). As of February 29, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility and $103.7 million SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding. Our borrowing base under the Credit Facility at
August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016 was $24.0 million and $21.8 million, respectively.    Our asset coverage ratio, as defined
in the 1940 Act, was 308.1% as of August 31, 2016 and 302.5% as of February 29, 2016.      SBA-guaranteed debentures
     In addition, we, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, sought and obtained a license from the SBA to operate an SBIC. In this regard,
on March 28, 2012, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC, LP, received a license from the SBA to operate as an SBIC under Section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. SBICs are designated to
stimulate the flow of private equity capital to eligible small businesses. Under SBA regulations, SBICs may make loans to eligible small businesses and invest in the equity securities of small businesses.  
 The SBIC license allows our SBIC subsidiary to obtain leverage by issuing SBA-guaranteed debentures. SBA-guaranteed debentures are
non-recourse, interest only debentures with interest payable semi-annually and have a ten year maturity. The principal amount of SBA-guaranteed debentures is not required to be paid prior to maturity but may be prepaid at any time without penalty.
The interest rate of SBA-guaranteed debentures is fixed on a semi-annual basis at a market-driven spread over U.S. Treasury Notes with 10-year maturities.  
 SBA regulations currently limit the amount that our SBIC subsidiary may borrow to a maximum of $150.0 million when it has at least $75.0
million in regulatory capital, receives a capital commitment from the SBA and has been through an examination by the SBA subsequent to licensing. As of August 31, 2016, our SBIC subsidiary had $75.0 million in regulatory capital and $103.7
million SBA-guaranteed debentures outstanding.    We received exemptive relief from the SEC to permit us to exclude the debt of our SBIC
subsidiary guaranteed by the SBA from the definition of senior securities in the 200% asset coverage test under the 1940 Act. This allows us increased flexibility under the 200% asset coverage test by permitting us to borrow up to $150.0 million
more than we would otherwise be able to absent the receipt of this exemptive relief.    On April 2, 2015, the SBA issued a  green
light  letter inviting the Company to continue the application process to obtain a license to form and operate its second SBIC subsidiary. On September 27, 2016, the SBA informed us that as part of their continued review of our application
for a second license, and in order to ensure that they were reviewing the most current information available, we would need to update all previously submitted materials and invited us to reapply. As a result of this request, with which we are in the
process of complying, the existing  green light  letter that the SBA issued to us will expire. If approved in the future, a second SBIC license would provide us an incremental source of long-term capital by permitting us to issue up to
$150.0 million of additional SBA-guaranteed debentures in addition to the $150.0 million already approved under the first license.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

    Unsecured notes    
 In May 2013, we issued $48.3 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.50% unsecured notes due 2020 for net proceeds of $46.1 million
after deducting underwriting commissions of $1.9 million and offering costs of $0.3 million. The proceeds included the underwriters  full exercise of their overallotment option. Interest on these notes is paid quarterly in arrears on
February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, at a rate of 7.50% per year, beginning August 15, 2013. The notes mature on May 31, 2020 and since May 31, 2016, may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time
or from time to time at our option. In connection with the issuance of the notes, we agreed to the following covenants for the period of time during which the notes are outstanding:  

we will not violate (whether or not we are subject to) Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, but giving effect to any exemptive relief
granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions generally prohibit us from making additional borrowings, including through the issuance of additional debt or the sale of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the
1940 Act, equals at least 200% after such borrowings.        

we will not violate (regardless of whether we are subject to) Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, but giving effect to (i) any
exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC and (ii) no-action relief granted by the SEC to another BDC (or to the Company if it determines to seek such similar no-action or other relief) permitting the BDC to declare any cash dividend or
distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) of the 1940 Act in order to maintain the BDC s status as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Currently these provisions generally prohibit us from declaring any cash dividend or distribution upon any class of our capital stock, or purchasing any such capital stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940
Act, is below 200% at the time of the declaration of the dividend or distribution or the purchase and after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase.    
 The Notes are listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol  SAQ  with a par value of $25.00 per share.  
 On May 29, 2015, we entered into a Debt Distribution Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann   Co. through which we may offer for
sale, from time to time, up to $20.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes through an ATM offering. As of August 31, 2016, we sold 539,725 bonds with a principal of $13,493,125 at an average price of $25.31 for aggregate net
proceeds of $13,385,766 (net of transaction costs).    At August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016, the fair value of investments,
cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents, reserve accounts were as follows:      
   On September 24, 2014, we announced the approval of an open market share repurchase plan that allows it
to repurchase up to 200,000 shares of our common stock at prices below our NAV as reported in its then most recently published consolidated financial statements, which was subsequently increased to 400,000 shares of our common stock. As of
August 31, 2016, we purchased 138,494 shares of common stock, at the average price of $16.16 for approximately $2.2 million pursuant to this repurchase plan. On October 5, 2016, our board of directors extended the open market share
repurchase plan for another year to October 15, 2017 and increased the number of shares we are permitted to repurchase at prices below our NAV, as reported in its then most recently published consolidated financial statements, to 600,000 shares
of our common stock.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

  On October 5, 2016, our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.44 per share payable on
November 9, 2016, to common stockholders of record as of October 31, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP.  
 On August 8, 2016, our board of directors declared a special dividend of $0.20 per share, which was paid on September 5, 2016, to
common stockholders of record as of August 24, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of
approximately $0.7 million in cash and 24,786 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a
price of $17.06 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on August 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 29, 30, 31 and September 1 and 2, 2016.  
 On July 7, 2016, our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.43 per share, which was paid on August 9, 2016, to common
stockholders of record as of July 29, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately
$1.5 million in cash and 58,167 newly issued shares of common stock, or 1.0% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $16.32
per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on July 27, 28, 29 and August 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8 and 9, 2016.  
 On March 31, 2016, our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.41 per share, which was paid on April 27, 2016, to common
stockholders of record as of April 15, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately
$1.5 million in cash and 56,728 newly issued shares of common stock, or 1.0% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $15.43
per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on April 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26 and 27, 2016.  
 On January 12, 2016, our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.40 per share, which was paid on February 29, 2016, to common
stockholders of record as of February 1, 2016. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately
$1.4 million in cash and 66,765 newly issued shares of common stock, or 1.2% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $13.11
per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on February 16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 and 29, 2016.  
 On October 7, 2015, our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.36 per share, which was paid on November 30, 2015, to common
stockholders of record as of November 2, 2015. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately
$1.1 million in cash and 61,029 newly issued shares of common stock, or 1.1% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of
$14.53 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on November 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 27 and 30, 2015.  
 On July 8, 2015, our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.33 per share, which was paid on August 31, 2015, to common
stockholders of record as of August 3, 2015. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately
$1.1 million in cash and 47,861 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.9% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of
$15.28 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on August 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28 and 31, 2015.  
 On May 14, 2015, our board of directors declared a special dividend of $1.00 per share, which was paid on June 5, 2015, to common
stockholders of record as of May 26, 2015. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately
$3.4 million in cash and 126,230 newly issued shares of common stock, or 2.3% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of
$16.47 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on May 22, 26, 27, 28, 29 and June 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, 2015.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

  On April 9, 2015, our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.27 per share, which was
paid on May 29, 2015, to common stockholders of record as of May 4, 2015. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the
dividend consisted of approximately $0.9 million in cash and 33,766 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.6% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion
was calculated based on a price of $16.78 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on May 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 26, 27, 28 and 29, 2015.  
 On September 24, 2014, our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.22 per share, which was paid on February 27, 2015.
Shareholders have the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock, pursuant our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $0.8 million in cash and 26,858 newly issued
shares of common stock, or 0.5% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $14.97 per share, which equaled the volume weighted
average trading price per share of the common stock on February 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26 and 27, 2015.    Also on
September 24, 2014, our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.18 per share, which was paid on November 28, 2014. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, or receive shares of common stock pursuant to
our DRIP. Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of approximately $0.6 million in cash and 22,283 newly issued shares of common stock, or 0.4% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The number of shares of
common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $14.37 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on November 14, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 25, 26 and 28, 2014.
   On October 30, 2013, our board of directors declared a dividend of $2.65 per share, which was paid on December 27, 2013, to
common stockholders of record as of November 13, 2013. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, provided that the aggregate cash payable
to all shareholders was limited to approximately $2.5 million or $0.53 per share. This dividend was declared in reliance on certain private letter rulings issued by the IRS concluding that a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as
fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC subject to a limitation on the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders,
which limitation must be at least 20.0% of the aggregate declared distribution.    Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of
approximately $2.5 million in cash and 649,500 shares of common stock, or 13.7% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of 20.0% of the aggregate
dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $15.439 per share,
which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 11, 13 and 16, 2013.    On
November 9, 2012, our board of directors declared a dividend of $4.25 per share, which was paid on December 31, 2012, to common stockholders of record as of November 20, 2012. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the
dividend in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, provided that the aggregate cash payable to all shareholders was limited to approximately $3.3 million or $0.85 per share.  
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of $3.3 million in cash and 853,455 shares of common stock, or 22.0% of our
outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of 20.0% of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to
shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $15.444 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock
on December 14, 17 and 19, 2012.    On November 15, 2011, our board of directors declared a dividend of $3.00 per share, which was
paid on December 30, 2011, to common stockholders of record as of November 25, 2011. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock,
provided that the aggregate cash payable to all shareholders was limited to $2.0 million or $0.60 per share.    Based on shareholder
elections, the dividend consisted of $2.0 million in cash and 599,584 shares of common stock, or 18.0% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of
20.0% of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price
of $13.117067 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 20, 21 and 22, 2011.  
      54  

Table of Contents  

  On November 12, 2010, our board of directors declared a dividend of $4.40 per share to
shareholders payable in cash or shares of our common stock, in accordance with the provisions of the IRS Revenue Procedure 2010-12, which allows a publicly-traded regulated investment company to satisfy its distribution requirements with a
distribution paid partly in common stock provided that at least 10.0% of the distribution is payable in cash. The dividend was paid on December 29, 2010 to common shareholders of record on November 19, 2010.  
 Based on shareholder elections, the dividend consisted of $1.2 million in cash and 596,235 shares of common stock, or 22.0% of our
outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit of 10.0% of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to
shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a price of $17.8049 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock
on December 20, 21 and 22, 2010.    On November 13, 2009, our board of directors declared a dividend of $18.25 per share, which
was paid on December 31, 2009, to common stockholders of record as of November 25, 2009. Shareholders had the option to receive payment of the dividend in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock,
provided that the aggregate cash payable to all shareholders was limited to $2.1 million or $0.25 per share.    Based on shareholder
elections, the dividend consisted of $2.1 million in cash and 864,872.5 shares of common stock, or 104.0% of our outstanding common stock prior to the dividend payment. The amount of cash elected to be received was greater than the cash limit
of 13.7% of the aggregate dividend amount, thus resulting in the payment of a combination of cash and stock to shareholders who elected to receive cash. The number of shares of common stock comprising the stock portion was calculated based on a
price of $1.5099 per share, which equaled the volume weighted average trading price per share of the common stock on December 24 and 28, 2009.  
 We cannot provide any assurance that these measures will provide sufficient sources of liquidity to support our operations and growth.  
   Contractual obligations    
 The following table shows our payment obligations for repayment of debt and other contractual obligations at August 31, 2016:  
   
    Off-balance sheet arrangements   
 The Company s off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of $8.0 million and $2.0 million of unfunded commitments to provide debt financing
to its portfolio companies or to fund limited partnership interests as of August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016, respectively. Such commitments are generally up to the Company s discretion to approve, or the satisfaction of certain
financial and nonfinancial covenants and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities and are not reflected in the Company s
consolidated statements of assets and liabilities.  
      55  

Table of Contents  

  A summary of the composition of the unfunded commitments as of August 31, 2016 and
February 29, 2016 is shown in the table below (dollars in thousands):      
      ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
 Our market risks have not changed materially from the risks reported in our Form 10-K for the year ended February 29, 2016.  
    ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES       

(a) 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial
officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, our chief executive
officer and our chief financial officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures are effective in facilitating timely decisions regarding required disclosure of any material information relating to us that is required to be
disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.        

(b) 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended August 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.    
      56  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 On August 31, 2012, a complaint was filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York by GSC Acquisition
Holdings, LLC against us to recover, among other things, approximately $2.6 million for the benefit of the estates and the general unsecured creditors of GSC Group, Inc. and its affiliates, including the Company s former investment
adviser, GSCP (NJ), L.P. The complaint alleges that the former investment adviser made a constructively fraudulent transfer of $2.6 million in deferred incentive fees by waiving them in connection with the termination of the Management Agreement
with us, and that the termination of the Management Agreement was itself a fraudulent transfer. These transfers, the complaint alleges, were made without receipt of reasonably equivalent value and while the former investment adviser was insolvent.
The complaint has not yet been served, and the plaintiff s motion for authority to prosecute the case on behalf of the estates was taken under advisement by the court on October 1, 2012. We opposed that motion. We believe that the claims
in this lawsuit are without merit and, if the plaintiff is authorized to proceed, intend to vigorously defend against this action.    Except
as discussed above, neither we nor our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Saratoga Investment Funding LLC and Saratoga Investment Corp. SBIC LP, are currently subject to any material legal proceedings.  
    Item 1A. Risk Factors   
 In addition to information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the  Risk Factors  discussed in our annual report
on Form 10-K for the year ended February 29, 2016, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. Additional risks or uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial
also may materially affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of
Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     Not applicable.  
    Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
 Not applicable.  
    Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
 Not applicable.  
    Item 5. Other Information   
 Not applicable.  
      57  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   
 Listed below are the exhibits which are filed as part of this report (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation
S-K):      

* 
 Submitted herewith.    
      58  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

SARATOGA INVESTMENT CORP.  

Date: October 12, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ CHRISTIAN L. OBERBECK   

Christian L. Oberbeck  

Chief Executive Officer   

By: 
   
   /s/ HENRI J. STEENKAMP   

Henri J. Steenkamp  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer   
 
      59  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d263893dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED   
 I, Christian L. Oberbeck, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Saratoga Investment Corp.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the company and have:    (a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and    (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the company s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the company s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal
control over financial reporting; and    5. The company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company s auditors and the audit committee of the company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    Date: October 12, 2016  

/s/ CHRISTIAN L. OBERBECK   
 
 Christian L. Oberbeck  
 
  Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d263893dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED   
 I, Henri J. Steenkamp, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Saratoga Investment Corp.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the company and have:    (a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and    (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the company s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the company s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal
control over financial reporting; and    5. The company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company s auditors and the audit committee of the company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    Date: October 12, 2016  

/s/ HENRI J. STEENKAMP   
 
   Name: Henri J. Steenkamp   

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d263893dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Saratoga Investment Corp. on
Form 10-Q (the  Report ) for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
of the United States Code.    Christian L. Oberbeck, the Chief Executive Officer, certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:  

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and        

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Saratoga Investment Corp.    
 Date: October 12, 2016       

/s/ CHRISTIAN L. OBERBECK   
 
 Christian L. Oberbeck  
 
  Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d263893dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Saratoga Investment Corp. on
Form 10-Q (the  Report ) for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
of the United States Code.    Henri J. Steenkamp, the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary of Saratoga Investment
Corp. certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:      

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and        

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Saratoga Investment Corp.    
 Date: October 12, 2016       

/s/ HENRI J. STEENKAMP   
 
 Name: Henri J. Steenkamp  
 
  Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer   

</EX-32.2>

