<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1133416_0001193125-16-762396_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2055921</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>77463</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>154086</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>268821</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>973095</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>509771</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-762396.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108074939
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-762396
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001133416
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				043562325
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31791
		FILM NUMBER:		161979985

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4960 PEACHTREE INDUSTRIAL BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		678-620-3186

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4960 PEACHTREE INDUSTRIAL BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30071

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRO PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-762396.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 d268674d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File No. 001-31791        
       GALECTIN
THERAPEUTICS INC.             
   
    (678) 620-3186   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.       Yes       No    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of  Regulation S-T  ( 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       Yes       No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act.  

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 
   
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).       Yes       No    The number of shares outstanding of the
registrant s common stock as of November 4, 2016 was 29,396,619.      

Table of Contents  

   GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC.   
    INDEX TO FORM 10-Q   
  FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016       

PAGE  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. 
   
   Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (unaudited)   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended
 September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30,
 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

5 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

6 

ITEM 2.  
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

13 

ITEM 3.  
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

19 

ITEM 4.  
   
    Controls and Procedures   

19 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
   
    Legal Proceedings   

20 

ITEM 1A.  
   
    Risk Factors   

20 

ITEM 2.  
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

20 

ITEM 3.  
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

20 

ITEM 4.  
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

20 

ITEM 5.  
   
    Other Information   

20 

ITEM 6.  
   
    Exhibits   

20 

SIGNATURES  

21 

2  

Table of Contents  

   GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED)       
   See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)   
   
   See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)   
   
   See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC.   
    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  1. Basis of Presentation     Galectin
Therapeutics Inc. (the  Company ) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company that is applying its leadership in galectin science and drug development to create new therapies for fibrotic disease and cancer. These candidates are based on
the Company s targeting of galectin proteins which are key mediators of biologic and pathologic function. These compounds also may have application for drugs to treat other diseases and chronic health conditions.  
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as reported in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect all adjustments which are,
in the opinion of management, necessary to present fairly the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and the results of its operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and its cash flows
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. All adjustments made to the interim financial statements include all those of a normal and recurring nature. The Company considers events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet
date but before the financial statements are issued to provide additional evidence relative to certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosure. Subsequent events have been evaluated through the date these financial
statements are available to be issued. The results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results which may be expected for any other interim period or for the full year. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of
the Company should be read in conjunction with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.    The Company has
operated at a loss since its inception and has had no significant revenues. The Company anticipates that losses will continue for the foreseeable future. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $16.1 million of unrestricted cash and cash
equivalents available to fund future operations. The Company believes that with the cash on hand at September 30, 2016, there is sufficient cash to fund currently planned operations through August 2017. The Company s ability to fund
operations after its current cash resources are exhausted depends on its ability to obtain additional financing or achieve profitable operations, as to which no assurances can be given. Accordingly, based on the forecasts and estimates underlying
the Company s current operating plan, the financial statements do not currently include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.  
 The Company was founded in July 2000, was incorporated in the State of Nevada in January 2001 under the name  Pro-Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.,  and changed its name to  Galectin Therapeutics Inc.  on May 26, 2011.     2. Accrued Expenses   
 Accrued expenses consist of the following:      
    3. Stock-Based Compensation   
 Following is the stock-based compensation expense related to common stock options, common stock, restricted common stock and common stock
warrants:      
 
      6  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the stock option activity in the Company s equity incentive
plans, including non-plan grants to Company executives, from December 31, 2015 through September 30, 2016:      
   As of September 30, 2016, there was $875,000 of unrecognized compensation related to 445,149 unvested
options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 1.76 years.    The fair value of all
other options granted is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The following weighted average assumptions were used:      
   The following table summarizes the restricted stock grant activity in the Company s equity incentive
plans from December 31, 2015 through September 30, 2016:      
   On March 12, 2015, the Company granted 81,352 shares of restricted stock to non-employee directors as a
component of their compensation. A total of 77,784 shares were issued to seven directors representing non-cash compensation cost of $280,000 which will be recognized on a straight-line basis from the grant date through December 15, 2016, when
the restricted shares will vest in full. A total of 3,568 shares were issued to two directors, who were not nominated for reelection, representing non-cash compensation cost of $12,845 that will be recognized on a straight-line basis from the grant
date through December 15, 2016, when the restricted shares will vest in full.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

   4. Common Stock Warrants   
 The following table summarizes the common stock warrant activity from December 31, 2015 through September 30, 2016:  
   
    5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 The Company has certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. Fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize
observable data such as quoted prices in active markets. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly. Fair values determined by
Level 3 inputs utilize unobservable data points in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. The carrying amounts reflected in the consolidated balance sheets for cash
equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their carrying value due to their short-term nature. There were no level 2 or level 3 assets or liabilities at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.  
  6. Loss Per Share     Basic net loss per
common share is computed by dividing the net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss available to
common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares and other potential common shares then outstanding. Potential common shares consist of common shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of in-the-money stock options and warrants
and potential common shares related to the conversion of the preferred stock. The computation of diluted net loss per share does not assume the issuance of common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect on net loss per share.  
 Dilutive shares which could exist pursuant to the exercise of outstanding stock instruments and which were not included in the calculation
because their affect would have been anti-dilutive are as follows:      
    7. Common Stock      2014
At Market Issuance of Common Stock     On March 30, 2014, the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the
 2014 At Market Agreement ) with a sales agent under which the Company may issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $30.0 million from time to time through the sales agent. Sales of the
Company s common stock through the sales agent, if any, will be made by any method that is deemed an  at the market  offering as defined by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company will pay to the sales agent a
commission rate equal to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of any shares of common stock sold through the sales agent under the 2014 At Market Agreement. In the three months ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued 176,950 share of common
stock for net proceeds of approximately $257,000 under the 2014 At Market Agreement. In three months ended March 31, 2015, the Company issued 1,279,416 shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately $4,532,000 under the 2014 At Market
Agreement.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

   8. Preferred Stock   
 On September 22, 2016, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the  B-3 Agreement ) pursuant to which it
agreed to issue and sell to 10X Fund LP: (i) 1.500,000 shares its Series B-3 convertible preferred stock ( Series B-3 preferred stock  or  Series B-3 ) with an aggregate stated value and proceeds of $1.5 million and
convertible into 892,349 shares of common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 669,262 shares of common stock. Also, pursuant to agreements signed on September 22, 2016 with 10X Fund LP, the Company issued 875,000 warrants to
purchase common stock in exchange in exchange for the 10X Fund LP agreeing not to sell any shares of common or preferred stock in the Company for 18 months, except in limited circumstances. Additionally, as previously agreed to by the 10X Fund LP,
the sole holder of the Company s Series B-1 convertible preferred stock (the  Series B-1 ), Series B-2 convertible preferred stock (the  Series B-2 ) and Series B-3 preferred stock (collectively, with the Series B-1 and
Series B-2, the  Series B ), in the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B preferred stock we removed the ability of the holders of the Series B to cause a redemption of
their shares of Series B. Accordingly, the Company accounted for the removal of this redemption feature as a modification and reclassified the Series B-1 and Series B-2 preferred stock into permanent equity at September 30, 2016.  
 The terms of the Series B-3 are as follows:  
  Dividends . Holders of the Series B-3 will be entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate of 8% per share per annum
(compounding monthly) payable quarterly which may, at the Company s option, be paid in cash or common stock. Dividends payable in shares of Common Stock will be valued at 100% of the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the
20 consecutive trading days prior to the dividend payment date. If the Company does not pay any dividend on the Series B, dividends will accrue at the rate of 15% per annum (compounding monthly).  
  Conversion Rights . The 1,500,000 shares of B-3 convertible preferred stock are convertible into 892,349 shares of common stock at
the option of the holder at any time.     Liquidation Rights . In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, either voluntarily or involuntarily, the holders of Series B-3 will receive $1 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends, payable prior and in preference to any distributions to the holders of Common Stock but  pari passu  with the
holders of the Series B-1, Series B-2 and Series A 12% Convertible Preferred Stock.     Voting Rights . Except as noted below, the
holder of each share of Series B-3 shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such share of Series B-3 would be convertible, and shall otherwise have voting rights and powers equal to the voting
rights and powers of the Common Stock. With respect to the election of directors, the holders of the Series B-3, together with the holders of Series B-1 and Series B-2, shall vote together as a separate class to elect two (2) members of the
Board of Directors (the  Series B Directors ), and the Company shall take all reasonably necessary or desirable actions within its control (including, without limitation, calling special meetings of the Board of Directors, nominating such
persons designated by the holders of the Series B as directors on the applicable proxy statements and recommending their election) to permit the holders of the Series B to appoint three additional (3) members of the Board of Directors (the
 Series B Nominees ), who shall be subject to election by all shares of voting stock of the Company voting together as a single group,) until there are no longer any shares of Series B outstanding. The holders of Series B shall vote
together with the holders of Common Stock and other voting capital stock of the Company to elect all other members of the Board of Directors.  
  Other Restrictions . So long as any shares of the Series B remain outstanding, the Company may not, without the approval of the
holders of a majority of the shares of Series B outstanding, among other things, (i) change the size of the Company s Board of Directors; (ii) amend or repeal the Company s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or file any articles
of amendment designating the preferences, limitations and relative rights of any series of preferred stock, that would alter or change the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of, or restriction provided for the benefit of the Series B;
(iii) create or increase the authorized amount of any additional class or series of shares of stock that is equal to or senior to Series B; (iv) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of the Series B; (v) purchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire for value any shares of any class of capital stock; (vi) merge or consolidate the Company into or with any other corporation or sell, assign, lease, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all
of the Company s assets or those of any subsidiary; (vii) voluntarily or involuntarily liquidate, dissolve or wind up the Company or the Company s business; (viii) pay or declare dividends on any capital stock other than the
Preferred Stock, unless the Series B share ratably in such dividend and all accrued dividends payable with respect to the Series B have been paid prior to the payment or declaration of such dividend; (ix) acquire an equitable interest in, or
the assets or business of any other entity in any form of transaction; (x) create or commit us to enter into a joint venture, licensing agreement or exclusive marketing or other distribution agreement with respect to the Company s
products,  
      9  

Table of Contents  

other than in the ordinary course of business; (xi) permit the Company or any subsidiary to sell or issue any security of such subsidiary to any person or entity other than the Company;
(xii) enter into, create, incur, assume or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind (other than indebtedness existing on the initial closing date and approved by Series B shareholders); (xiii) enter into, create, incur or
assume any liens of any kind (other than certain permitted liens); (xiv) issue any common stock or common stock equivalents; (xv) increase the number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued pursuant to options,
warrants or rights to employees, directors, officers, consultants or advisors above the number of shares that were authorized for issuance under our 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, 2003 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan and 2009 Incentive
Compensation Plan as of September 9, 2016.     Warrants . All warrants issued in the Series B-3 transaction are exercisable at
$3.00 per share of common stock at any time on or after the date of issuance until the seventh anniversary of the respective issue date.  
 The fair value of the warrants issued in connection with the Series B-3 was $2,262,000 at the date of issuance based on the following
assumptions: an expected life of 7 years, volatility of 95%, risk free interest rate of 1.42% and zero dividends. The Company allocated the gross proceeds of $1.5 million based on the relative fair value of the Series B-3 and the related warrants,
resulting in $890,000 of the proceeds being allocated to additional paid-in capital and $610,000 being allocated to the Series B-3.    The
Company analyzed the Series B-3, post-allocation of the gross proceeds, and determined that there was a beneficial conversion feature at the dates of issuance. Because the closing price of the common stock on the closing date was greater than the
effective conversion price, an embedded beneficial conversion feature of the Series B-3 amounting to $991,000 was charged to additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit.  
  9. Commitments and Contingencies       Shareholder Class
Actions and Derivative Lawsuits      Between July 30, 2014, and August 6, 2014, three putative class action complaints were
filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada (the  Nevada District Court ) against the Company and certain of its officers and directors on behalf of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the
Company s stock between January 6, 2014 and July 28, 2014. The complaints allege that the defendants made false or misleading statements in certain press releases and other public statements in violation of the federal securities laws
and seek class certification, unspecified monetary damages, costs, and attorneys  fees. The Company disputes the allegations in the complaints and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. On August 22, 2014, the Nevada District
Court entered an order consolidating the three cases, relieving the defendants of any obligation to respond to the complaints then on file, and providing that defendants may respond to a consolidated amended complaint to be filed by a lead
plaintiff(s) to be appointed pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. On January 5, 2015, the Nevada District Court granted Defendants  motion to transfer the consolidated putative securities class action to the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. On March 24, 2015, the Court appointed a lead plaintiff ( Plaintiff ). Plaintiff filed his Consolidated Class Action Complaint (the  Complaint ) on
May 8, 2015. The Complaint asserts claims on behalf of a putative class of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company s common stock between October 25, 2013 and July 28, 2014. The Complaint alleges that the
Company and certain of its officers and directors (the  Class Action Individual Defendants ) violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and SEC Rule 10b-5 through allegedly false or
misleading statements in certain SEC filings, press releases and other public statements. The Complaint further alleges that the Class Action Individual Defendants and one of the Company s shareholders face liability for the alleged
Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 violations pursuant to Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The Complaint seeks class certification, unspecified monetary damages, costs, and attorneys  fees. The Company disputes the allegations and filed a
motion to dismiss the Complaint on June 26, 2015. On December 30, 2015, the Court dismissed the putative class action with prejudice and entered a final judgment in favor of the defendants. Plaintiff filed a notice of appeal seeking review
of the dismissal order and final judgment. The appeal is fully briefed and is currently pending before the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.  
 On August 1 and 25, 2014, persons claiming to be Galectin shareholders filed putative shareholder derivative complaints in the Nevada
District Court, seeking recovery on behalf of the Company against certain of the Company s directors and officers. On September 10, 2014, the Nevada District Court entered an order consolidating the two cases, relieving the defendants of
any obligation to respond to the initial complaints, and providing that defendants may respond to a consolidated complaint to be filed by the plaintiffs. On January 5, 2015, the Nevada District Court granted Defendants  motion to transfer
the consolidated putative derivative litigation to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia (hereinafter referred to as the  Georgia Federal Derivative Action. ) The plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint on
February 27, 2015. On April 6, 2015, the Company and defendants filed motions to dismiss the consolidated complaint. Rather than respond to those motions, the plaintiffs sought and obtained leave to file an amended complaint. Plaintiffs
filed their amended complaint (the  Complaint ) on May 26, 2015. The Complaint alleges that certain of the Company s directors and officers (the  Derivative Action Individual Defendants ) breached their fiduciary duties
to the Company s shareholders by causing or permitting the Company to make allegedly false and misleading public statements concerning the Company s financial and business prospects. The Complaint also alleges that the Derivative Action
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

Individual Defendants violated the federal securities laws by allegedly making false or misleading statements of material fact in the Company s proxy filings, committed waste of corporate
assets, were unjustly enriched, and that certain defendants breached their fiduciary duties through allegedly improper sales of Galectin stock. In addition, the Complaint alleges that the Derivative Action Individual Defendants and one of the
Company s shareholders aided and abetted the alleged breaches of fiduciary duties. The Complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages on behalf of the Company, corporate governance reforms, disgorgement of profits, benefits and compensation by
the defendants, costs, and attorneys  and experts  fees. The Company and defendants filed motions to dismiss the Complaint on July 8, 2015. On December 30, 2015, the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Georgia dismissed the Georgia Federal Derivative Action with prejudice and entered a final judgment in favor of the defendants. Plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal seeking review of the dismissal order and final judgment. On July 7, 2016, the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit dismissed the appeal as the Plaintiffs failed to timely file their appeal brief. In September 2016, the Board received a demand letter from one of the plaintiffs in the Georgia Federal
Derivative Action. The demand letter, among other things, requests that the Board investigate the conduct alleged in the Complaint and implement certain remedial measures purportedly designed to address the alleged conduct. It is expected
that the Board will consider the demand letter in due course and in light of the related pending shareholder litigation described herein.  
 On August 29, 2014, another alleged Galectin shareholder filed a putative shareholder derivative complaint in state court in Las Vegas,
Nevada, seeking recovery on behalf of the Company against the same Galectin directors and officers who are named as defendants in the derivative litigation pending in the Georgia Federal Derivative Action. The plaintiff in the Nevada action
subsequently filed first and second amended complaints. The second amended complaint alleges claims for breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets, based on allegations that are substantially similar to those
asserted in the Georgia Federal Derivative Action (except that the Nevada action does not allege violations of the federal securities laws and does not assert any claim against the Galectin shareholder named as a defendant in the Georgia Federal
Derivative Action), and seeks unspecified monetary damages on behalf of the Company, corporate governance reforms, disgorgement of profits, benefits and compensation by the defendants, costs, and attorneys  and experts  fees. The Company
and defendants filed motions to dismiss the second amended complaint on April 22, 2015. On April 29, 2015, the plaintiffs in the Georgia Federal Derivative Action (the  Intervenor Plaintiffs ) filed a motion to intervene in the
Nevada action which, among other things, raised questions regarding the Nevada plaintiff s standing. Thereafter, the Nevada plaintiff filed a motion to join additional plaintiffs. At a hearing held on June 11, 2015, the Nevada court:
(i) granted the Intervenor Plaintiffs  motion to intervene; (ii) directed the Intervenor Plaintiffs to file a complaint in intervention; (iii) directed the Nevada plaintiff to file a motion for leave to file a further amended
complaint to add additional plaintiffs; (iv) stated that the defendants  motions to dismiss the second amended complaint were denied  at this point;  (v) ordered the Nevada action stayed until December 11 , 2015; and
(vi) directed the parties to submit a status report on December 11, 2015, updating the court on the progress and status of the Georgia Federal Derivative Action. On July 9, 2015, pursuant to the Nevada State Court s instruction,
the Intervenor Plaintiffs filed a complaint-in-intervention in Nevada State Court, asserting similar claims to the ones they alleged in the Georgia Federal Derivative Action described above. On December 11, 2015, further to the Nevada State
Court s instruction, the parties submitted status reports detailing the status of the Georgia Federal Derivative Action. On January 5, 2016, the Nevada State Court held a status conference during which the dismissal of the Georgia Federal
Derivative Action was discussed. Subsequent to that conference, on January 19, 2016, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Nevada State Court litigation based on the dismissal of the similar Georgia Federal Derivative Action, among other
grounds. Defendants  motion to dismiss was fully briefed to the Nevada court in February 2016. At a hearing on March 3, 2016, the Nevada State Court granted dismissal of the Nevada State Court litigation pending entry of a final order of
dismissal. The Nevada State Court issued its order of dismissal on April 1, 2016. Defendants thereafter filed a motion requesting that the Nevada State Court correct certain language in the dismissal order. In an order dated June 10, 2016,
the Nevada State Court denied Defendants  motion seeking correction of certain language in the dismissal order. On June 21, 2016, Notice of Entry of the Nevada State Court s order dismissing the Nevada State Court litigation was
docketed. The Nevada plaintiff and Intervenor Plaintiffs have filed notices of appeal seeking review of the Nevada State Court s dismissal order.  
 Estimating an amount or range of possible losses resulting from litigation proceedings is inherently difficult and requires an extensive
degree of judgment, particularly where the matters involve indeterminate claims for monetary damages, are in the early stages of the proceedings, and are subject to appeal. In addition, because most legal proceedings are resolved over extended
periods of time, potential losses are subject to change due to, among other things, new developments, changes in legal strategy, the outcome of intermediate procedural and substantive rulings and other parties  settlement posture and their
evaluation of the strength or weakness of their case against us. For these reasons, we are currently unable to predict the ultimate timing or outcome of, or reasonably estimate the possible losses or a range of possible losses resulting from, the
matters described above. Based on information currently available, the Company does not believe that any reasonably possible losses arising from currently pending legal matters will be material to the Company s results of operations or
financial condition. However, in light of the inherent uncertainties involved in such matters, an adverse outcome in one or more of these matters could materially and adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations or
cash flows in any particular reporting period.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

    Other Legal Proceedings    
 The Company records accruals for such contingencies to the extent that the Company concludes that their occurrence is probable and the related
damages are estimable. There are no other pending legal proceedings except as noted above.     10. Galectin Sciences LLC   
 In January 2014, we created Galectin Sciences, LLC (the  LLC  or  Investee ), a collaborative joint venture co-owned by SBH
Sciences, Inc. ( SBH ), to research and develop small organic molecule inhibitors of galectin-3 for oral administration. The LLC was initially capitalized with a $400,000 cash investment to fund future research and development activities,
which was provided by the Company, and specific in-process research and development ( IPR D ) contributed by SBH. The estimated fair value of the IPR D contributed by SBH, on the date of contribution, was
$400,000. Initially, the Company and SBH had a 50% equity ownership interest in the LLC, with neither party having control over the LLC. Accordingly, from inception through the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company accounted for its
investment in the LLC using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting, the Company s investment was initially recorded at cost with subsequent adjustments to the carrying value to recognize additional
investments in or distributions from the Investee, as well as the Company s share of the Investee s earnings, losses and/or changes in capital. The estimated fair value of the IPR D contributed to the LLC was immediately expensed upon
contribution as there was no alternative future use available at the point of contribution. The operating agreement provides that if either party does not desire to contribute its equal share of funding required after the initial
capitalization, then the other party, providing all of the funding, will have its ownership share increased in proportion to the total amount contributed from inception. In the fourth quarter of 2014, after the LLC had expended the $400,000 in cash,
SBH decided not to contribute its share of the funding required. As a result, the Company contributed the $73,000 needed for the fourth quarter of 2014 expenses of the LLC. As a result, the Company s ownership percentage in the LLC was 54.2% at
December 31, 2014. The Company contributed $687,000 for the LLC expenses in 2015 adjusting the Company s ownership percentage to 74.7% at December 31, 2015. The Company also contributed $618,000 for the LLC expenses in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 which adjusted the Company s ownership percentage to 81.8% at September 30, 2016. The Company accounts for the interest in the LLC as a consolidated, less than wholly owned subsidiary. Because the LLC s
equity is immaterial, the value of the non-controlling interest is also deemed to be immaterial.     11. Recent Account Pronouncements   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting. The new standard requires recognition of the income tax effects of vested or settled awards in the income statement and involves several other aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including
the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard will be effective for us on January 1, 2017. This standard is not expected to have a
material impact on our financial position, results of operations or statements of cash flows upon adoption.    In August 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ), which would require disclosure of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The new guidance is effective for
the annual period ending after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. We plan to adopt ASU 2014-15 beginning December 31, 2016.  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and
Cash Payments.  This ASU provides new guidance on eight specific cash flow issues related to how such cash receipts and cash payments should be presented in a statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for us beginning after January 1,
2018. We are currently assessing the impact the adoption of this update will have on our consolidated cash flows.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
 In addition to historical information, the following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
contains forward-looking statements as defined under Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is subject to the safe harbor created therein for forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited
to, statements concerning our anticipated operating results, research and development, clinical trials, regulatory proceedings, and financial resources, and can be identified by use of words such as, for example,  anticipate, 
 estimate,   expect,   project,   intend,   plan,   believe  and  would,   should,   could  or  may.  All statements, other than statements of
historical facts, included herein that address activities, events, or developments that the Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding: plans and expectations
regarding clinical trials; plans and expectations regarding regulatory approvals; our strategy and expectations for clinical development and commercialization of our products; potential strategic partnerships; expectations regarding the
effectiveness of our products; plans for research and development and related costs; statements about accounting assumptions and estimates; expectations regarding liquidity and the sufficiency of cash to fund currently planned operations through
August 2017; our commitments and contingencies; and our market risk exposure. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industry and markets in which Galectin Therapeutics operates, and
management s beliefs and assumptions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied
by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties are related to and include, without limitation,      

our early stage of development,        

we have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and cannot assure you that we will generate revenue or profit,        

our dependence on additional outside capital,        

we may be unable to enter into strategic partnerships for the development, commercialization, manufacturing and distribution of our proposed product candidates,    

uncertainties related to any litigation, including shareholder class actions and derivative lawsuits filed,        

uncertainties related to our technology and clinical trials, including expected dates of availability of clinical data,        

we may be unable to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of our developmental product candidates in human trials,        

we may be unable to improve upon, protect and/or enforce our intellectual property,        

we are subject to extensive and costly regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and by foreign regulatory authorities, which must approve our product candidates in development and could restrict the
sales and marketing and pricing of such products,        

competition and stock price volatility in the biotechnology industry,        

limited trading volume for our stock, concentration of ownership of our stock, and other risks detailed herein and from time to time in our SEC reports    
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Galectin
Therapeutics appearing elsewhere herein.     Overview   
 We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in drug research and development to create new therapies for fibrotic disease and
cancer. Our drug candidates are based on our method of targeting galectin proteins, which are key mediators of biologic and pathologic functions. We use naturally occurring, readily-available plant materials as starting material in manufacturing
processes to create proprietary complex carbohydrates with specific molecular weights and other pharmaceutical properties. These complex carbohydrate molecules are appropriately formulated into acceptable pharmaceutical formulations. Using these
unique carbohydrate-based candidate compounds that largely bind and inhibit galectin proteins, particularly galectin-3, we are undertaking the focused pursuit of therapies for indications where galectins have a demonstrated role in the pathogenesis
of a given disease. We focus on diseases with serious, life-threatening consequences to patients and those where current treatment options are limited. Our strategy is to establish and implement clinical development programs that add value to our
business in the shortest period of time possible and to seek strategic partners when a program becomes advanced and requires additional resources.  
 We endeavor to leverage our scientific and product development expertise as well as established relationships with outside sources to achieve
cost-effective and efficient development. These outside sources, amongst others, provide us with expertise in preclinical models, pharmaceutical development, toxicology, clinical development, pharmaceutical manufacturing, sophisticated physical and
chemical characterization, and commercial development. We also have established several collaborative scientific discovery programs with leading experts in carbohydrate chemistry and characterization. These discovery programs are generally
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

aimed at the targeted development of new carbohydrate molecules which bind galectin proteins and offer alternative options to larger market segments in our primary disease indications, such as
subcutaneous or oral administration. We also have established a discovery program aimed at the targeted development of small molecules (non-carbohydrate) which bind galectin proteins and may afford options for alternative means of drug delivery
(e.g., oral) and as a result expand the potential uses of our compounds. We are pursuing a development pathway to clinical enhancement and commercialization for our lead compounds in immune enhancement for cancer therapy as well as in both liver
fibrosis and fatty liver disease. All of our proposed products are presently in development, including pre-clinical and clinical trials.     Our Drug
Development Programs     Galectins are a class of proteins that are made by many cells in the body. As a group, these proteins are able to
bind to sugar molecules that are part of other proteins, glycoproteins, in and on the cells of our body. Galectin proteins act as a kind of molecular glue, bringing together molecules that have sugars on them. Galectin proteins, in particular  galectin-3,  are known to be markedly increased in a number of important diseases including inflammatory diseases, scarring of organs (e.g. liver, lung, kidney, and heart) and cancers of many kinds. The increase in
galectin protein promotes the disease and is detrimental to the patient. Published data show that mice lacking the  galectin-3  gene, and thus unable to produce
 galectin-3,  are incapable of developing liver fibrosis in response to toxic insult to the liver and in fatty liver disease. We have one new chemical entity (NCE) in development,
  GR-MD-02,   which has shown promise in preclinical and early clinical studies in treatment of fibrosis and in cancer therapy. Currently we are focusing on development of   GR-MD-02   intended to be used in the treatment of liver fibrosis associated with fatty liver disease (NASH), moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, and in cancer therapy in
combination with immune-system modifying agent(s).   GR-MD-02   is a proprietary, patented compound derived from natural, readily available, plant-based starting materials,
which, following chemical processing, exhibits the properties of binding to and inhibiting galectin-3 proteins. A second NCE,   GM-CT-01   is a proprietary, patented
compound that is made from a completely different starting source plant material and also binds and inhibits galectin proteins. Previously in clinical development for cancer indications, this compound continues to be explored in preclinical studies.
   Our product pipeline is shown below:      

Indication  
   
  Drug  
   
  Status   

Fibrosis   

NASH with Advanced Fibrosis:  NASH-CX  trial and NASH-FX trial 
   
 GR-MD-02 
   
 IND submitted January 2013. Results from the Phase 1 clinical trial were reported in 2014, with final results reported in January 2015. End of Phase 1 meeting held with FDA in 2014. Two Phase 2 clinical trials are
being conducted. The NASH CX trial, is designed for patients with cirrhosis, and the NASH FX trial is designed for patients with advanced fibrosis but not cirrhosis. The NASH FX trial top line data was reported in September 2016 and
the NASH CX trial top line data is expected in December 2017.  

Lung Fibrosis 
   
 GR-MD-02 
   
 In pre-clinical development  

Kidney Fibrosis 
   
 GR-MD-02 
   
 In pre-clinical development  

Cardiac and Vascular Fibrosis 
   
 GR-MD-02 and GM-CT-01 
   
 In pre-clinical development  

Cancer Immunotherapy   

Melanoma 
   
 GR-MD-02 
   
 Investigator IND submitted in December 2013. Phase 1B study in process. A second Phase 1B study began in  Q-1  2016. Investigator IND for that study submitted in September
2015.  

Psoriasis   

Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis 
   
 GR-MD-02 
   
 IND submitted March 2015. A phase 2a trial in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis patients began in January 2016. Interim data on the first four patients were positive and were reported in May 2016. Further data was reported in
September 2016.  
    Fibrosis.  GR-MD-02 is our lead product candidate for treatment of fibrotic disease. Our
preclinical data show that   GR-MD-02   has a significant therapeutic effect on liver fibrosis as shown in several relevant animal models. In addition, in NASH animal models
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

GR-MD-02 has been shown to reduce liver fat, inflammation, and ballooning degeneration or death of liver cells. Therefore, we chose GR-MD-02 as the lead candidate in a development program
targeted initially at fibrotic liver disease associated with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH, or fatty liver disease). In January 2013, an Investigational New Drug ( IND ) was submitted to the FDA with the goal of initiating a Phase 1
study in patients with NASH and advanced liver fibrosis to evaluate the human safety of GR-MD-02 and pharmacodynamics biomarkers of disease. On March 1, 2013, the FDA indicated we could proceed with a US Phase 1 clinical trial for GR-MD-02
with a development program aimed at obtaining support for a proposed indication of GR-MD-02 for treatment of NASH with advanced fibrosis. The Phase 1 trial was completed and demonstrated that GR-MD-02 up to 8 mg/Kg, i.v. was safe and well tolerated
and the human pharmacokinetic data defined a drug dose for use in the planned Phase 2 trials. Additionally, there was evidence of a pharmacodynamic effect of GR-MD-02 at the 8 mg/kg dose with a decrease in alpha 2 macroglobulin, a serum marker of
fibrotic activity, and a reduction in liver stiffness as determined by FibroScan   . An  End of Phase 1 Meeting  was held with FDA which, amongst other items, provided guidance on
the primary endpoint for the Phase 2 clinical trial.    Additionally, an open label drug-drug interaction study was completed during the
second quarter of 2015 with GR-MD-02 and it showed that with 8 mg/kg dose of GR-MD-02 and 2 mg/kg dose of midazolam there was no drug-drug interaction and no serious adverse events or drug-related adverse events were observed. This study was
required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the primary objective was to determine if single or multiple intravenous (IV) doses of GR-MD-02 affect the pharmacokinetics (PK) of midazolam. The secondary objective was to assess the
safety and tolerability of GR-MD-02 when administered concomitantly with midazolam. The lack of a drug interaction in this study enabled Galectin to expand the number of patients eligible for its Phase 2 clinical trial. In addition, should GR-MD-02
be approved for marketing, the success of this study supports a broader patient population for the drug label.    Our Phase 2 program in
fibrotic disease consists of two separate human clinical trials. The first clinical trial is the Phase 2b NASH-CX study for patients with NASH with cirrhosis, which began enrolling in June 2015. This study is the primary focus of our program and is
a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel-group Phase 2 trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of GR-MD-02 for the treatment of liver fibrosis and resultant portal hypertension in patients with NASH cirrhosis. Enrollment in this
trial was completed in September 2016, and a total of 162 patients at 36 sites in the United States were be randomized to receive either 2 mg/kg of GR-MD-02, 8 mg/kg of GR-MD-02 or placebo, with approximately 54 patients in each group. The
primary endpoint is a reduction in change in hepatic venous pressure gradient (HVPG). Patients are receiving an infusion every other week for one year, total of 26 infusions, and will be evaluated to determine the change in HVPG as compared with
placebo. HVPG will be correlated with secondary endpoints of fibrosis on liver biopsy as well as with measurement of liver stiffness (FibroScan (R) ) and assessment of liver metabolism ( 13 C-methacetin breath test, Exalenz), which are non-invasive measures of the liver that may be used in future studies. Data readout is expected by the end of 2017.  
 The second trial, our Phase 2a pilot trial NASH-FX for patients with NASH advanced fibrosis, is now complete. It was a shorter, four-month
trial in 30 NASH patients with advanced fibrosis, but not cirrhosis, randomized 1:1 to either 9 bi-weekly doses of 8 mg/kg of GR-MD-02 or placebo. The trial did not meet its primary biomarker endpoint as measured using multi-parametric magnetic
resonance imaging (LiverMultiScan (R) , Perspectum Diagnostics). The trial also did not meet secondary endpoints that measure liver stiffness as a surrogate for fibrosis using, magnetic
resonance-elastography and FibroScan score. We, and many experts in the field, now believe that a four month treatment period is not sufficient to show efficacy results. This small study was not powered for the secondary endpoints and thus, not
surprisingly did not meet the secondary endpoints. In the trial, GR-MD-02 was found to be safe and well tolerated among the patient population with no serious adverse events.  
 Although there was no apparent improvement in the three non-invasive tests for assessment of liver fibrosis in the four-month NASH-FX trial,
the principal investigator of the NASH-FX trial has stated that the inhibition of galectin-3 with GR-MD-02 remains promising for the treatment of NASH fibrosis. Of note is that GR-MD-02 has demonstrated an improved clinical effect in
moderate-to-severe psoriasis, suggesting the compound has activity in a human disease that can occur in association with NASH. We believe our drug candidate provides a promising new approach for the therapy of fibrotic diseases, and liver fibrosis
in particular. Fibrosis is the formation of excess connective tissue (collagen and other proteins plus cellular elements such as myofibroblasts) in response to damage, inflammation or repair. When the fibrotic tissue becomes confluent, it
obliterates the cellular architecture, leading to scarring and dysfunction of the underlying organ. Given galectin-3 s broad biological functionality, it has been demonstrated to be involved in cancer, inflammation and fibrosis, heart disease,
renal disease and stroke. We have further demonstrated the broad applicability of the actions of our galectin-3 inhibitor s biological effect in ameliorating fibrosis involving lung, kidney and cardiac tissues in a variety of animal models.
   The focus and goal of the therapeutic program is to stop the progression of and reverse the fibrosis in the liver and, thereby improve
liver function and prevent the development of complications of fibrosis/cirrhosis and liver-related mortality in patients.     Cancer
Immunotherapy.  We believe there is potential for galectin inhibition to play a key role in the burgeoning area of cancer immunotherapy. For example, there have been several recent approvals of drugs that enhance a patient s immune system to
fight  
      15  

Table of Contents  

cancer. It is our goal to use a galectin inhibitor to enhance the immune system function to fight cancer in a way that complements other approaches to this type of therapy. Our drug candidates
provide a promising new therapeutic approach to enhance the activity of the immune system against cancer cells. Preclinical studies have indicated that   GR-MD-02   enhances
the immune response to cancer cells, increased tumor shrinkage and enhanced survival in immune competent mice with prostate, breast, melanoma and sarcoma cancers when combined with one of the immune checkpoint inhibitors,  anti-CTLA-4  or  anti-PD-1.  These preclinical data led to the filing of an Investigator-sponsored IND and the initiation of a study of   GR-MD-02   in combination with Yervoy    (ipilimumab) in a Phase 1B study of patients with metastatic melanoma. This study is being conducted under
the sponsorship of Providence Portland Medical Center s Earle A. Chiles Research Institute (EACRI). A second study with Keytruda and GRMD-02 is conducted by EACRI began enrolling by April 2016.  
 We believe the mechanism of action for GR-MD-02 is based upon interaction with, and inhibition of, galectin proteins, particularly galectin-3,
which are expressed at high levels in certain pathological states including inflammation, fibrosis and cancer. While   GR-MD-02   is capable of binding to multiple galectin
proteins, we believe that it has the greatest affinity for galectin-3, the most prominent galectin implicated in pathological processes. Blocking galectin in cancer and liver fibrosis has specific salutary effects on the disease process, as
discussed below.     Psoriasis.  During our Phase 1 NASH fibrosis trial with GR-MD-02, a clinical effect on plaque psoriasis was
observed in a NASH patient who also had this disease. This patient had marked improvement in her psoriasis, with improvement beginning after the third infusion. She reported that her psoriasis was  completely gone  and her skin was
 normal  after the fourth infusion. Her skin remained normal for 17 months after the final infusion of study drug. The patient is convinced that the improvement in her psoriasis is related to the study drug.  
 This serendipitous finding, combined with  galectin-3  protein being markedly upregulated in the
capillary epithelia (small blood vessels) of the psoriatic dermis (plaque lesions), led to a phase 2a trial in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
  GR-MD-02   inhibition of galectin-3 may attenuate capillary changes in the psoriatic dermis and inflammatory recruitment, perhaps explaining the improvements observed in
the NASH fibrosis trial patient. In this open-label, unblinded trial (no placebo, all patients knowingly receive active drug), 4 patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis were administered   GR-MD-02   every two weeks for 12 weeks. In May 2016, we reported positive results on the first four patients after 12 weeks of therapy. Based on these results, we modified the trial to include
24 weeks of therapy. In August 2016, we reported on four patients after 24 weeks of therapy and one patient after 12 weeks of therapy. The four patients who received 24 weeks of therapy experienced an average of 48% improvement
in their plaque psoriasis. However, there are existing drugs on the market in this disease that produce 75% and higher improvements. While we are encouraged that this study has demonstrated clinically meaningful results in a human disease with   GR-MD-02,   we do not expect to conduct further trials in this area absent a strategic partnership.  
  Results of Operations      Three and Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 Compared to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015      Research and Development Expense.   
   
   We generally categorize research and development expenses as either direct external expenses, comprised of
amounts paid to third party vendors for services, or all other research and development expenses, comprised of employee payroll and general overhead allocable to research and development. We consider a clinical program to have begun upon acceptance
by the FDA, or similar agency outside of the United States, to commence a clinical trial in humans, at which time we begin tracking expenditures by the product candidate. Clinical program expenses comprise payments to vendors related to preparation
for, and conduct of, all phases of the clinical trial, including costs for drug manufacture, patient dosing and monitoring, data collection and management, oversight of the trials and reports of results. Pre-clinical expenses comprise all research
and development amounts incurred before human trials begin, including payments to vendors for services related to product experiments and discovery, toxicology, pharmacology, metabolism and efficacy studies, as well as manufacturing process
development for a drug candidate.    Our research and development expenses were as follows:  
      16  

Table of Contents  

As we continue our Phase 2 trials, we expect our clinical programs costs will increase and may fluctuate from
quarter to quarter as the trials progress. Pre-clinical activities decreased primarily because we have completed pre-clinical work directly related to our Phase 2 clinical trial program. Other research and development expense increased for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to the hiring of our executive director of clinical development in June 2015.    Both the
time required and costs we may incur in order to commercialize a drug candidate that would result in material net cash inflow are subject to numerous variables, and therefore we are unable at this stage of our development to forecast useful
estimates. Variables that make estimates difficult include the number of clinical trials we may undertake, the number of patients needed to participate in the clinical trial, patient recruitment uncertainties, trial results as to the safety and
efficacy of our product, and uncertainties as to the regulatory agency response to our trial data prior to receipt of marketing approval. Moreover, the FDA or other regulatory agencies may suspend clinical trials if we or an agency believes patients
in the trial are subject to unacceptable risks, or find deficiencies in the conduct of the clinical trial. Delays or rejections may also occur if governmental regulation or policy changes during our clinical trials or in the course of review of our
clinical data. Due to these uncertainties, accurate and meaningful estimates of the ultimate cost to bring a product to market, the timing of costs and completion of our program and the period during which material net cash inflows will commence are
unavailable at this time.     General and Administrative Expense.       
   General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries including stock based compensation, legal
and accounting fees, insurance, investor relations, business development and other office related expenses. The primary reasons for the decrease in general and administrative expenses for the three-months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
the same period in 2015 were decreases in non-cash, stock-based compensation expense partially offset by higher legal and accounting fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there was a decrease in non-cash, stock-based compensation
expense partially offset by an increase in investor and public relations and legal expenses.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Since our inception on July 10, 2000, we have financed our operations from proceeds of public and private offerings of debt and equity. As
of September 30, 2016, we raised a net total of $124.3 million from these offerings. We have operated at a loss since our inception and have had no significant revenues. We anticipate that losses will continue for the foreseeable future. At
September 30, 2016, we had $16.1 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents available to fund future operations. We believe that with the cash on hand at September 30, 2016, there is sufficient cash to fund currently planned
operations through August 2017. Our ability to fund operations after our current cash resources are exhausted depends on our ability to obtain additional financing or achieve profitable operations, as to which no assurances can be given. Based on
the forecasts and estimates underlying our current operating plan, the financial statements do not currently include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.  
 Net cash used in operations decreased by $838,000 to $11,544,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $12,382,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cash operating expenses decreased principally due to timing of payments of research and development activities related to our clinical trial activity with GR-MD-02.  
 Net cash provided by financing activities the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, of $1,757,000 and $4,532,000, respectively,
represent net proceeds from the sale of Series B-3 preferred stock in September 2016 and common stock.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

   Other.   
 We have engaged outside vendors for certain services associated with our clinical trials. These services are generally available from several
providers and, accordingly, our arrangements are typically cancellable on 30 days notice.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    
 We have not created, and are not a party to, any special-purpose or off-balance sheet entities for the purpose of raising capital, incurring
debt or operating parts of our business that are not consolidated into our financial statements. We do not have any arrangements or relationships with entities that are not consolidated into our financial statements that are reasonably likely to
materially affect our liquidity or the availability of capital resources.     Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to intangible assets, accrued expenses, stock-based compensation, contingencies and
litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry, information available from other outside sources and on various other factors that we believe to be appropriate under
the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.    Critical accounting policies
are those policies that affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. We believe our critical accounting policies include our policies regarding stock-based compensation, accrued
expenses and income taxes. For a more detailed discussion of our critical accounting policies, please refer to our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk       Market risk represents the
risk of loss that may impact our financial position, operating results or cash flows due to changes in the U.S. interest rates. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve cash until it is required to fund operations. To
minimize risk, we maintain our portfolio of cash and cash equivalents in operating bank accounts and money market funds. Since our investments are short-term in duration, we believe that we are not subject to any material market risk exposure.  

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures       Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, no change in our internal control over financial reporting has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

     PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       None except as discussed in Note 8 to our condensed consolidated
financial statements included in this report.      

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors       None.  

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       None  

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None  

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures       Not Applicable  

Item 5.  
  Other Information       Not Applicable  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits         

* 
 Filed herewith.    

** 
 Furnished herewith and not  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    
      20  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 8, 2016.       

GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC.  

By: 
   
 /s/ Peter G. Traber  
 
 Name: 
   
 Peter G. Traber, M.D.  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer and President (principal executive officer)  

/s/ Jack W. Callicutt  
 
 Name: 
   
 Jack W. Callicutt  
 
 Title: 
   
   Chief Financial Officer   (principal financial
and accounting officer)   

21  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d268674dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   
 I, Peter G. Traber, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Galectin Therapeutics Inc;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Peter G. Traber  

Name: 
   
 Peter G. Traber, M.D.  

Title: 
   
   Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d268674dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   
 I, Jack W. Callicutt, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Galectin Therapeutics Inc;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Jack W. Callicutt  

Name: 
   
 Jack W. Callicutt  

Title: 
   
   Chief Financial Officer   (principal financial
and accounting officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d268674dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED   
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Galectin Therapeutics Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Peter G. Traber, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to
  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Peter G. Traber  

Name: 
   
 Peter G. Traber, M.D.  

Title: 
   
   Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (principal executive officer)   
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Galectin Therapeutics Inc. and will be retained by Galectin
Therapeutics Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d268674dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED   
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Galectin Therapeutics Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jack W. Callicutt, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant
to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Jack W. Callicutt  

Name: 
   
 Jack W. Callicutt  

Title: 
   
   Chief Financial Officer   (principal financial
and accounting officer)   
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Galectin Therapeutics Inc. and will be retained by Galectin
Therapeutics Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 galt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 galt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 galt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 galt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 galt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 galt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

