<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161117_10-Q_edgar_data_1438943_0001493152-16-015238_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2437197</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91886</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>155715</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>581415</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>923651</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>633540</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-015238.hdr.sgml : 20161117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161117171822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-015238
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vitality Biopharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001438943
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				753268988
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53832
		FILM NUMBER:		162005756

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1901 AVENUE OF THE STARS, 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		530-231-7800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1901 AVENUE OF THE STARS, 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stevia First Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Legend Mining Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080630

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-015238.txt : 20161117

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q    

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016    

For
the transition period from _____ to _____  

Commission
File Number:  000-53832    

VITALITY
BIOPHARMA, INC.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,   non-accelerated
filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer [  ]  
         
      Accelerated
    filer [  ]   

Non-accelerated
                                         filer [  ]  
          (Do
        not check if a smaller reporting company)   
         
      Smaller
    reporting company [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No
[X]  

As of November 16, 2016, there were 14,380,968
shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

VITALITY
BIOPHARMA, INC.   

   Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q   

   For
the Quarterly Period Ended   

   September
30, 2016   

INDEX   

PART
    I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION     
      3   

Item
    1. Financial Statements (unaudited)     
      3   
 
         Item
    2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
      16   
 
         Item
    3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     
      25   
 
         Item
    4. Controls and Procedures     
      25   

PART
    II - OTHER INFORMATION     
      26   

Item
    1. Legal Proceedings     
      26   
 
         Item
    1A. Risk Factors     
      26   
 
         Item
    2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     
      26   
 
         Item
    6. Exhibits     
      27   

SIGNATURES     
      28   

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item
1. Financial Statements (unaudited)    

VITALITY
BIOPHARMA, INC.   

      CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   THREE
AND SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   

   (Unaudited)   

CONDENSED
    UNAUDITED BALANCE SHEETS     
      4   

CONDENSED
    UNAUDITED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS     
      5   

CONDENSED
    UNAUDITED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT     
      6   

CONDENSED
    UNAUDITED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     
      7   

NOTES
    TO THE CONDENSED UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     
      8   

VITALITY
BIOPHARMA, INC.   

      CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

VITALITY
BIOPHARMA, INC.   

      CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

VITALITY
BIOPHARMA, INC.   

      CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT    

   SIX
    MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

VITALITY
BIOPHARMA, INC.   

      CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

VITALITY
BIOPHARMA, INC.   

      NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   THREE
AND SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 and 2015   

   (Unaudited)   

1.
BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Vitality
Biopharma, Inc. (the  Company ,  we ,  us  or  our ) was incorporated under the
laws of the State of Nevada on June 29, 2007. In December 2015, we discovered novel pharmaceutical applications of our glycosylation
technology for producing cannabinoid prodrugs and we have recently changed our operational focus towards pharmaceutical development
of the cannabinoid prodrugs. On July 15, 2016, the holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock and our Board of Directors
approved 1) a name change whereby our name changed from Stevia First Corp. to Vitality Biopharma, Inc., 2) a reverse split of
our outstanding common shares whereby each 10 shares of common stock were exchanged for 1 share of common stock and 3)
an increase in the number of shares of authorized common stock from 525,000,000 to 1,000,000,000. These changes became effective
on July 20, 2016. All share and per share information contained in this Quarterly Report, including these unaudited condensed
financial statements, has been adjusted to reflect these changes as if it had occurred in the earliest period presented.  

Going
Concern   

These financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the
normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, for the six months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company incurred a net loss of $1,585,924 and utilized $578,800 of cash in operations, and at September 30, 21016,
had a stockholders  deficit of $920,452. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in their
report on the Company s March 31, 2016 audited financial statements, raised substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent on the Company attaining and maintaining profitable operations in the future and/or raising additional capital to
meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. We estimate that we
will have sufficient funds to operate the Company through December 31, 2016. These estimates could differ if we encounter
unanticipated difficulties, in which case our current funds may not be sufficient to operate our business for that period. In
addition, our estimates of the amount of cash necessary to operate our business may prove to be wrong, and we could spend our
available financial resources much faster than we currently expect. 

We
do not have any firm commitments for future capital. We will need to raise additional funds in order to continue operating our
business and pursue and execute our planned research and development and commercial operations. We do not presently have, nor
do we expect in the near future to have, sufficient or consistent revenue to fund our business from our operations, and will need
to obtain significant funding from external sources. Since inception, we have funded our operations primarily through equity and
debt financings, and we expect to continue to rely on these sources of capital in the future. However, if we raise additional
funds by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders  ownership will be diluted, and obtaining
commercial loans would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. If we pursue capital through alternative sources,
such as collaborations or other similar arrangements, we may be forced to relinquish rights to our proprietary technology or other
intellectual property that could result in our receipt of only a portion of any revenue that may be generated from a partnered
product or business. Further, these or other sources of capital may not be available on commercially reasonable or acceptable
terms when needed, or at all. If we cannot raise the money that we need in order to continue to operate and develop our business,
we will be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our operations. If any of these were to occur, there is a substantial
risk that our business would fail and our stockholders could lose all of their investment.  

Basis
of Presentation of Unaudited Condensed Financial Information   

The
unaudited condensed financial statements of the Company for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP )
for interim financial information, applied on a consistent basis, and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q
and the requirements of Regulation S-K and Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ). Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete audited financial
statements. However, the information included in these financial statements reflects all adjustments (consisting solely of normal
recurring adjustments), which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the Company s financial
position and the results of operations. Results shown for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be
obtained for a full fiscal year or any future annual or interim period. The balance sheet information as of March 31, 2016 was
derived from the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2016 included in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on June 24, 2016. These financial
statements should be read in conjunction with that report.  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The more significant estimates and assumptions by management include, among others, the fair value of equity instruments issued
for services, and assumptions used in the valuation of our outstanding derivative liabilities.  

Accounts
Receivable   

The
Company evaluates the collectability of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the
Company becomes aware of a specific customer s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company, a specific reserve
for bad debts is estimated and recorded, which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes
will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts, bad debt charges are recorded
based on the Company s historical losses and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.  

The
allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables.
At September 30, 2016, and March 31, 2016, the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts was approximately  $35,500
and $17,517, respectively   .  

Financial
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value   

The
Company accounts for the fair value of financial instruments in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  (ASC 820). ASC 820 defines  fair value  as the price that would be received for
an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.  

Authoritative
guidance provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the
inputs to fair valuation of these financial assets:  

Level
    1  
      Quoted
    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level
    2  
      Inputs,
    other than quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly.   

Level
    3  
      Unobservable
    inputs based on the Company s assumptions.   

The
carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, each
qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between
the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest.  

The
Company uses Level 2 inputs for its valuation methodology for the warrant derivative liabilities as their fair values were determined
by using a probability weighted average Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company s derivative
liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end, with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded
in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.  

At September 30, 2016 and March 31,
2016, the Company s balance sheet includes the fair value of derivative liabilities of $663,810 and $401,127,
respectively, that were measured using level 2 measurements. The Company did not identify any other non-recurring assets
and liabilities that are required to be presented in the balance sheets at fair value in accordance with ASC 815. 

Derivative
Financial Instruments   

The
Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument
is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported
in the statements of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company uses a probability weighted average
Black-Scholes-Merton model to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates through the September
30, 2016 reporting date. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded
as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified
in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could
be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date.  

Revenue
Recognition    

Revenue
is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable and represents amounts receivable for products and/or
services that have been delivered in the normal course of business, title has passed, the selling price is both fixed and determinable,
and collectability is reasonably assured, all of which generally occurs upon shipment of the Company s product or delivery
of the product to the destination specified by the customer. 

The
Company determines whether delivery has occurred based on when title transfers and the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred
to the buyer, which usually occurs when the Company ships the products. The Company regularly reviews its customers  financial
positions to ensure that collectability is reasonably assured. Except for warranties, the Company has no post-sales obligations. 

Stock-Based
Compensation   

The
Company periodically issues stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions, for
services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for share-based payments under the guidance as set forth in the Share-Based
Payment Topic of the FASB ASC, which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment
awards made to employees, officers, directors, and consultants, including employee stock options, based on estimated fair values.
The Company estimates the fair value of share-based payment awards to employees and directors on the date of grant using an option-pricing
model, and the value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the required
service period in the Company s statements of operations. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued
and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance whereas the value of the stock compensation is based
upon the measurement date as determined at either (a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached, or (b) the date at
which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Stock-based compensation is based on awards ultimately
expected to vest and is reduced for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, as necessary,
in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.  

Basic
and Diluted Loss Per Share   

The
Company s computation of earnings (loss) per share (EPS) includes basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing
the Company s net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares during
the period. Shares of restricted stock subject to vesting are included in basic weighted average common shares outstanding from
the time they vest. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution, using the treasury stock method that could occur if securities
or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock
that then shared in the net income (loss) of the Company. In computing diluted EPS, the treasury stock method assumes that outstanding
options and warrants are exercised and the proceeds are used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period.  

As of September 30, 2016 potentially dilutive
securities include options to acquire 2,652,488 shares of common stock and warrants to acquire 9,702,713 shares of common stock.
At September 30, 2015 potentially dilutive securities include options to acquire 899,167 shares of common stock and warrants to
acquire 2,502,713 shares of common stock. The basic and fully diluted shares for the three and six months ended September 30,
2016 are the same because the inclusion of the potential shares would have had an anti-dilutive effect. Diluted net income per
common share for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015 was the same as the exercise price of the potentially dilutive
securities was greater than the trading price during the period. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers . ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing
revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition.
ASU 2014-09 will require that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in
the contract. The ASU also will require additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and
cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from
costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December
15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted only in annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods
therein. Entities will be able to transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of
the date of adoption. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 on the Company s financial statements
and disclosures.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern , which provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties
in the financial statements. ASU 2014-15 requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain
disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU
2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements and related disclosures.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02,  Leases . ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to
record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12
months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption
is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at,
or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical
expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements
and related disclosures.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued the ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting. The amendments in this ASU require, among other things, that all income tax effects of awards be recognized
in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. The ASU also allows for an employer to repurchase more of an employee's
shares than it can today for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and allows for a policy election
to account for forfeitures as they occur. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual
period. The Company is currently evaluating the expected impact that the standard could have on its financial statements and related
disclosures.   

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact
on the Company s present or future consolidated financial statements.  

2    .
DERIVATIVE LIABILITY   

Under
authoritative guidance by the FASB on determining whether an instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to an
entity s own stock, instruments which do not have fixed settlement provisions are deemed to be derivative instruments.
The warrants issued to purchasers and placement agent in June 2013 and September 2014, and the warrants issued to investors
in May 2015, do not have fixed settlement provisions because their exercise prices will be lowered if the Company issues
securities at lower prices in the future or have other variable provisions. The Company was required to include the reset
provisions in order to protect the holders of the warrants from the potential dilution associated with future financings, and
a fundamental transaction provision, which require a revaluation of the liabilities. In accordance with the FASB
authoritative guidance, the warrants have been characterized as derivative liabilities to be re-measured at the end of every
reporting period with the change in value reported in the statement of operations.  

As
of March 31, 2016 and September 30, 2016, the derivative liabilities were valued using a probability weighted average Black-Scholes-Merton
pricing model with the following assumptions:  

Warrants:   

The risk-free interest rate was based on rates
established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company uses the historical volatility of its common stock to estimate the future
volatility for its common stock. The expected life of the warrants was determined by the expiration dates of the warrants. The
expected dividend yield was based on the fact that the Company has not paid dividends to its common stockholders in the past and
does not expect to pay dividends to its common stockholders in the future. 

At March 31, 2016, the fair value of the
derivative liabilities was $401,127. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, derivative liabilities of $80,278 were extinguished
that were related to warrants that expired. In addition the Company recorded an increase in fair value of the derivative liabilities
of $342,961. At September 30, 2016, the fair value of the derivative liabilities was $663,810. 

3    .
EQUITY   

Equity
Financing   

In May 2016, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement providing for the issuance and sale by the Company, in a private placement, of units including 2,650,000 shares
of the Company s common stock (the  Shares ) and Warrants to purchase 7,950,000 shares of the Company s
common stock (the  Warrants ), at a price of $0.10 per Share. The Warrants have an exercise price of $0.17 per share
and expire February 4, 2017. The offering closed on May 4, 2016, and aggregate proceeds to the Company from the sale of the Shares
and Warrants was $265,000. $165,030 of the proceeds was received in the current period and $99,970 was received prior to April
1, 2016 and had been reflected as common stock issuable at March 31, 2016. 

Common stock issued to employees for services
with vesting terms  

The Company has issued shares of common stock
to employees and directors that vest over time. The fair value of these stock awards were based on the market
price of the Company s common stock at the dates granted, and are amortized over vesting terms ranging up to three
years. 

During the six months ended September
30, 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,436,170 shares of its common stock to one officer and one director. The
aggregate fair value of these awards was approximately $718,000, which will amortized over the 1.75 year vesting
term of the awards. 

At March 31, 2016, the accumulated vested
balance of stock awards was $611,216. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, the fair value of stock awards
that vested was $129,749. At September 30, 2016, the accumulated vested balance of the stock awards $740,965. At
September 30, 2016, the amount of unvested compensation related to these awards is approximately $614,000, and will be
recorded as expense over 1.4 years as the shares vest. 

Shares of restricted stock granted above are
subject to forfeiture to the Company or other restrictions that will lapse in accordance with a vesting schedule determined by
our Board. In the event a recipient s employment or service with the Company terminates, any or all of the shares of common
stock held by such recipient that have not vested as of the date of termination under the terms of the restricted stock agreement
are forfeited to the Company in accordance with such restricted grant agreement. 

The following table summarizes restricted common
stock activity: 

4    .
STOCK OPTIONS   

During
the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted to employees options to purchase an aggregate of 1,618,262 shares
of the Company s common stock with exercise price of $0.50 per share, that expire ten years from the date of grant, and
all have vesting period of 24 months. The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model based on the following assumptions: (i) volatility rate of 126.34%, (ii) discount rate of 1.60 %, (iii) zero
expected dividend yield, and (iv) expected life of 6 years, which is the average of the term of the options and their vesting
periods. The total fair value of the option grants to employees at their grant dates was approximately $775,000.  

During
the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company also granted to two consultants options to purchase 142,559 shares of the
Company s common stock with exercise prices of per share $0.50 and $0.96, respectively, both option grants expire in ten
years from date of grant, and both have vesting period of 24 months. The fair value of these options granted to the consultants
was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model based on the following assumptions: (i) volatility rate between 126.34%,
(ii) discount rate of 1.36%, (iii) zero expected dividend yield, and (iv) expected life of 10 years. The total fair value of the
option grants to the consultants at their grant dates was approximately $146,000.  

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, the exercise price for all equity awards issued under the 2012 Stock Incentive
Plan is based on the market price per share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant of the applicable award.  

A
summary of the Company s stock option activity for the six months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below:  

At
September 30, 2016, options to purchase common shares were outstanding as follows:  

During
the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we expensed total stock-based compensation related to vesting stock options
of $200,315 and $149,556, respectively, and the remaining unamortized cost of the outstanding stock options at September
30, 2016 was $1,045,044. This cost will be amortized on a straight line basis over a weighted average remaining vesting
period of 2 years and will be adjusted for subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures. Future option grants will increase the
amount of compensation expense that will be recorded.  

The intrinsic values of all outstanding and
exercisable stock options at September 30, 2016 were approximately $1,000,000 and $0, respectively. 

5    .
WARRANTS   

At
September 30, 2016, warrants to purchase common shares were outstanding as follows:  

Warrants issued in equity financing (see
Note 3)  

In May 2016, the Company issued warrants
to purchase up to an aggregate of 7,950,000 shares of the Company s common stock in conjunction with a securities
purchase agreement for the sale of shares of the Company s common stock and warrants. The warrants have an exercise
price of $0.17 per share and expire on February 4, 2017. 

Warrants issued to employees   

On August 25, 2014, we entered into employment
agreements with two employees, pursuant to which these employees received warrants to purchase an aggregate of 440,000
shares of the Company s common stock (see Note 7). The warrants have an exercise price of $3.00, and a term
of ten years from issue date. Warrants to purchase 80,000 shares of common stock vested immediately and their grant date
fair value of $201,680 was recorded as an expense in 2014. Warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock with a fair
value of $504,204 upon grant date are being amortized over their vesting terms, which ranges from one year to three
years. The balance of 160,000 warrants vest upon the achievement of certain milestones, as defined, none of which have been met
through September 30, 2016. At March 31, 2016, the accumulated amortization of the vested fair value for these warrants was $614,846.
During the six months ended September 30, 2016, amortization of vested warrants was $35,014, and at September 30, 2016, the accumulated
amortization for vested warrants was $649,860. 

During
the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company received $352,000 of proceeds from holders of warrants to acquire 2,070,590
shares of common stock.  

The
aggregate intrinsic value of all of the outstanding and exercisable warrants at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 was approximately
$5,350,263 and $0, respectively.  

6    .
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND LEASE OBLIGATIONS   

Related
party lease obligations    

On
April 23, 2012, the Company entered into a lease agreement (the  Carlson Lease ) with One World Ranches, LLC ( One
World Ranches ), which is jointly-owned by Dr. Avtar Dhillon, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and
his wife, Diljit Bains, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to lease from One World Ranches certain office and laboratory
space located at 5225 Carlson Road, Yuba City, California. The Carlson Lease began on May 1, 2012 and expires on May 1, 2017,
and the Company s rent payments thereunder are $2,300 per month. The Company has paid $1,500 as a refundable security deposit
under the Carlson Lease.  

Aggregate
payments under the above lease for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $15,800, respectively.  

7. DISTRIBUTION AND LICENSE AGREEMENTS  

In August 2014, the Company entered into distribution
and license agreements with Qualipride International and certain individuals to provide stevia products to the Company.
In connection with these agreements, the Company issued 1,400,000 shares of common stock with a total fair value of $420,000 that
was being amortized over a three year vesting term (see Note 4). At September 30, 2016, the accumulated amortization for
these shares was $395,000. Also in connection with these agreements, the Company issued warrants to purchase 440,000 shares of
common stock with a total fair value of $705,880 (See Note 5). At September 30, 2016, the accumulated amortization
for these warrants was $649,860. The distribution and license agreements terminated in August 2016 and beginning September
1, 2016, there is no further amortization of fair value being recorded for the common stock or warrants. 

8. SUBSEQUENT EVENT  

In October 2016, the Company received $204,000
of proceeds from holders of warrants to acquire 1,200,000 shares of common stock. 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

As
used in this discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, the  Company ,  we ,  us 
or  our  refer to Vitality Biopharma, Inc., a Nevada corporation.  

Cautionary
Statement   

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements and the related notes thereto contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report. The
information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is not a complete description of our business or the risks associated
with an investment in our common stock. We urge you to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this
Quarterly Report and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 filed on June 24, 2016, and the related audited financial
statements and notes included therein.  

Certain
statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ).
Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you
can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   intend, 
 expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict, 
 potential,  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements
are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our or our industry s
actual results, levels of activity or performance to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity or performance
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include: general economic and financial
market conditions; our ability to obtain additional financing as necessary; our ability to continue operating as a going concern;
any adverse occurrence with respect to our business or; results of our research and development activities that are less positive
than we expect ; our ability to bring our intended products to market; market demand for our intended products; shifts in industry
capacity; product development or other initiatives by our competitors; fluctuations in the availability of raw materials and costs
associated with growing raw materials for our intended products; poor growing conditions for the stevia plant; other factors beyond
our control; and the other risks described under the heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC on June 24, 2016.  

Although
we believe that the expectations and assumptions reflected in the forward-looking statements we make are reasonable, we cannot
guarantee future results, levels of activity or performance. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
by any forward-looking statements. As a result, readers should not place undue reliance on any of the forward-looking statements
we make in this report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as required by law,
we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.  

Company
Overview   

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 29, 2007 under the name Legend Mining Inc. On October 10, 2011, we completed
a merger with our wholly-owned subsidiary, Stevia First Corp., whereby we changed our name from  Legend Mining Inc. 
to  Stevia First Corp.  Also on October 10, 2011, we effected a seven for one forward stock split of authorized, issued
and outstanding common stock. As a result, our authorized capital was increased from 75,000,000 shares of common stock with a
par value of $0.001 to 525,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001, and issued and outstanding shares of common
stock increased from 7,350,000 to 51,450,000. In February 2012, we substantially changed our management team, added other key
personnel. In December 2015, we discovered novel pharmaceutical applications of our glycosylation technology for producing cannabinoid
prodrugs and we have recently changed our operational focus towards pharmaceutical development of the cannabinoid prodrugs. On
July 15, 2016, the holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock and our Board of Directors approved 1) a name change
whereby our name changed from Stevia First Corp. to Vitality Biopharma, Inc., 2) a reverse split of our outstanding common shares
whereby each 10 shares of common stock will be exchanged for 1 share of common stock and 3) an increase in the number of shares
of authorized common stock from 525,000,000 to 1,000,000,000. These changes became effective on July 20, 2016.  

Plan
of Operations   

Business
Overview   

Vitality
Biopharma is unlocking the power of cannabinoids for the treatment of serious neurological and inflammatory disorders, such as
inflammatory bowel disease and narcotic bowel syndrome, a form of severe opiate-induced bowel dysfunction.  

Vitality
Biopharma has developed a new class of cannabinoid pharmaceuticals known as cannabosides, which were discovered
in 2015 through application of the company s proprietary enzymatic bioprocessing technologies originally developed
for stevia sweeteners.  

Cannabosides
are cannabinoid glycoside  prodrugs,  which means that they are medications or compounds that, after administration,
are converted within the body into a pharmacologically active drug, which already has a long history of clinical investigation
and use. A classic prodrug example is Aspirin, acetylsalicylic acid, which was first made by Felix Hoffmann at Bayer in 1897 and
is a synthetic prodrug of salicylic acid. Because there already exists independent verification of the active drug s safety
and efficacy, prodrugs may receive marketing approval more quickly than others, and in some cases may receive drug approvals through
completion of small clinical studies evaluating bioequivalence or bioavailability. At the same time, a prodrug can have many commercial
advantages, including that they can be proprietary and patentable compositions of matter, unlike cannabinoids themselves, or older
pharmaceutical formulations where patent protection has already expired.  

Cannabosides
are more stable and soluble than cannabinoids, and upon oral delivery, cannabinoids pass through the digestive tract
and release within the large intestine or colon. This enables targeted delivery of cannabinoids for the treatment
of gastrointestinal disorders. Cannabosides enable the reduction or elimination of systemic delivery of THC into the bloodstream
and brain, reducing psychoactive side effects, and enabling higher concentrations of compounds to be used for treatment of pain
and inflammation. Because passage of cannabosides through the digestive tract is likely to occur over several hours or longer,
there is a sustained or delayed release of cannabinoids, which can also provide patients with long-lasting or overnight relief,
a desirable attribute that is unavailable with medical marijuana or with current cannabinoid pharmaceutical formulations.  

We
have produced more than 25 novel cannabosides so far and have patent applications that include composition of matter claims for
prodrugs of cannabinoids that have been studied extensively in clinical trials worldwide, including THC, CBD, CBDV, and other
phytocannabinoids and endocannabinoids. Upon successful patent prosecution, protection would extend until 2035 and be available
in all major markets worldwide. In addition, we have filed composition of matter claims on vanilloid glycoside compounds that
target the TRPV receptors, which mediate pain relief. The Company aims to develop and approve these proprietary molecules
as pharmaceuticals using a low-risk regulatory strategy that is available for prodrugs, and to amplify the benefits that have
been evidenced through use of cannabinoids or medical marijuana for treatment of neurological and inflammatory conditions.  

A
key part of our strategy will be to take advantage of a more efficient FDA review and approval process that is available for prodrugs,
which reduces the need for large and expensive clinical trials. Expedited regulatory processes may be available
for our cannabosides because in the U.S. and internationally there have already been many independent preclinical and clinical
studies completed using the reference cannabinoid drugs we are studying, and so existing clinical data may be submitted to
drug regulatory agencies as supporting evidence of our compounds  safety and efficacy.  

We
are initially developing our cannabosides drug formulations for treatment of inflammatory bowel disease as well as narcotic
bowel syndrome, a severe form of opiate-induced abdominal pain.  

For
inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), there have been independently-conducted preclinical and clinical studies that have demonstrated
the benefit of cannabinoids, and many U.S. states now permit the use of medical marijuana for IBD, including for treatment of
Crohn s disease or ulcerative colitis patients. Independently-run clinical trials have found that in 313 patients studied
who used cannabinoids with IBD that 83.9% of patients reported improvement in abdominal pain, and 76.8% of patients reported improvement
in abdominal cramping. In addition, in a separate and also independently-managed placebo-controlled clinical trial, it was found
that 45% of Crohn s disease patients achieved complete remission compared to only 10% of controls. Patients also reported
improvements in sleep and appetite with no significant side effects. These patients had been non-responders to front-line treatment
with corticosteroids, immunomodulators, or anti-TNF-alpha therapies, and experienced these effects during only 8 weeks of treatment.  

Narcotic
bowel syndrome (NBS) is a severe form of opiate-induced abdominal pain. In studies, more than half (58%) of opiate users have
reported chronic abdominal pain. When opiate-induced abdominal pain is undiagnosed, potentially due to more common gastrointestinal
disorders like opiate-induced constipation, it may lead to a vicious cycle of dose escalation. While seeking pain relief, increasing
the dose of opiate medications may lead both to worsening abdominal pain and also more severe drug addiction. Studies have reported
that approximately 6% of opiate users have NBS, and that patients afflicted with this disorder report a quality-of-life that is
worse than patients with quadriplegia. Independent preclinical studies have reported that endogenous opioid peptides may play
a role within the intestinal tract in the development of inflammation, and that they act in a synergistic manner to opiates for
pain relief, meaning that cannabinoids could enable opiate dose reduction without sacrificing pain relief. Independent clinical
studies have confirmed this effect, where it was reported that cannabis provides additional pain relief to patients taking stable
doses of opiates for chronic pain management, and that they also were reported to reduce the severity of common opiate withdrawal
symptoms, such as nausea. Independent clinical studies have also found an inadequacy in current treatments for narcotic bowel
syndrome, showing that 45.8% of patients had returned to using narcotics within only three months.  

We
plan to complete preclinical studies necessary to commence clinical trials in 2017, which will focus initially on evaluating the
clinical pharmacokinetics and safety of cannabosides, as well then evaluate their utility for treatment of inflammatory bowel
disease and narcotic bowel syndrome. We plan to conduct additional preclinical studies also, which will evaluate the utility of
cannabosides for providing symptomatic relief of chronic conditions such as neuropathic pain, irritable bowel syndrome, muscle
spasticity in multiple sclerosis, and opiate-induced bowel dysfunction.  

Our
primary operations are based in Yuba City, California, where we originally developed our proprietary bioprocessing methods. The
Company s facilities include laboratories and a manufacturing suite for GMP production, which will be used for pharmaceutical-grade
production of products to be tested initially in clinical trials, and these facilities will be registered with the U.S. FDA and
DEA.  

Our
Operations   

Product
Development Plans   

For
each of the pharmaceutical products in our pipeline, the active cannabinoid pharmaceutical agents have either been independently
approved by regulatory bodies, or are now in late-stage clinical trials, and there is extensive clinical data already available
related to drug safety and effectiveness. Because of this, the Company will in general benefit from the increased familiarity
of clinical investigators and regulators with these compounds, which may enable abbreviated paths towards clinical testing and
eventual approval of its pharmaceutical products.  

Cannabinoids
are known to be effective anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective agents, and as of 2015, more than 20 U.S. states have enacted
medical marijuana laws to permit access to marijuana for treatment of a variety of conditions. The approved disease indications
include ones directly related to the drug indications we are targeting, as well as many others. The list includes chronic
pain, inflammatory bowel disease, epilepsy, wasting disorders, multiple sclerosis and muscle spasticity disorders, glaucoma, cirrhosis,
Alzheimer s disease, nausea, traumatic brain injury, Parkinson s disease, HIV/AIDS, Huntington s disease, and
more. Cannabinoid pharmaceuticals are increasingly being approved as well, including primarily synthetic and botanical extracts
of the two major constituents of Cannabis sativa, which are THC and CBD. Dronabinol is a synthetic THC drug that has been approved
for treating nausea and for stimulating appetite. Nabiximols is a blend of two cannabinoids, THC and CBD, which has been approved
in more than 20 countries for treatment of muscle spasticity in multiple sclerosis, and also for treatment of cancer pain in certain
countries.  

CBD
is not psychoactive, has established antianxiety and antipsychotic effects, and beyond its inclusion in nabiximols, is also being
investigated independently by clinical researchers as a stand-alone agent for epilepsy, schizophrenia, inflammatory bowel
disease, opiate dependence, and a variety of other neurological and inflammatory conditions. We intend to obtain marketing
authorizations in one or more of these disease indications, while focusing initially on inflammatory bowel disease and narcotic
bowel syndrome.  

Short
Term Development Targets   

Complete
    additional pharmacokinetic studies and additional preclinical efficacy trials to support clinical development of cannabosides   

Complete
    the manufacture of cannaboside formulations that will be used in initial clinical studies   

Obtain
    regulatory approval for first-in-man clinical studies to evaluate the pharmacokinetics of cannabosides, and to obtain preliminary
    data about their efficacy for providing relief of key symptoms that are common to inflammatory bowel disease and narcotic
    bowel syndrome   

Obtain
    regulatory approval to begin manufacturing of pharmaceutical-grade cannabinoids, in order to support future clinical trials
    and for marketing authorizations both by the U.S. FDA   

We
believe that our long-term commercial success and profit potential depends in large part on our ability to develop and advance
proprietary cannabinoid prodrugs that are strongly differentiated from both medical marijuana and existing cannabinoid drugs,
and to do this more quickly, efficiently and effectively than our competitors. Another critical factor that will determine our
success is our ability to obtain and enforce patents, maintain protection of trade secrets, and operate our business without infringing
the proprietary rights of third parties. As a result, we are dedicated to the continued development and protection of our intellectual
property portfolio. See  Intellectual Property  in this report for a further discussion.  

Product
Pipeline   

Our
pipeline includes drug formulations of cannabosides, which are cannabinoid glycoside prodrugs. Prodrugs are medications or compounds
metabolized by the body into a pharmacologically active drug. We have patents pending for more than 25 of these novel pharmaceutical
compositions including prodrugs of THC, CBD, and CBDV, which are cannabinoids that are either marketed and approved as pharmaceutical
products today, or that are under investigation in independent clinical trials currently. Prodrugs can optimize the marketability
of a drug because they can be patented and proprietary, and yet still be approved through an abbreviated regulatory pathway.  

VITA-100
is an oral cannabinoid formulation containing cannabosides that is being developed for acute treatment of inflammatory
bowel disease and narcotic bowel syndrome. VITA-210 is an or cannabinoid formulation containing cannabosides being investigated
in preclinical studies for chronic treatment of neuropathic pain, irritable bowel syndrome, muscle spasticity in multiple sclerosis,
and opioid-induced bowel dysfunction.  

Through
a process called glycosylation, the solubility and stability of a drug can be significantly improved. Cannabinoid glycoside prodrugs
and their use in drug formulations that are currently under development at Vitality Biopharma are designed to enable significant
benefits, including:  

1.  
      Administration
    of cannabinoids in a convenient oral formulation;   

2.  
      Targeted
    delivery of compounds to specific tissues or organs, especially targeted delivery of cannabinoids to the colon or large intestine,
     which can reduce or eliminate the delivery of psychoactive THC into the bloodstream  and brain;   

3.  
      Improved
    solubility, leading to oral formulations that are easy to manufacture and that improve the taste of products through reduction
    or removal of harsh organic solvents;   

4.  
      Improved stability, preventing conversion of CBD to unwanted byproducts including THC in the acidic stomach
environment, or other forms of degradation, and therefore enabling higher doses to be administered orally; and   

5.  
      Delayed
    release, enabling long-lasting and overnight relief for patients, rather than having to administer treatment repeatedly
    throughout the day and requiring additional sleep aids.   

Drug   
         
       Treatment
    Indications   
         
       Status    

Cannabosides
    - VITA-100  
         
      Inflammatory
    Bowel Disease, Narcotic Bowel Syndrome   
         
      Phase
    1/2 Trial Expected to Initiate in 2017   

Cannabosides
    - VITA-210  
         
      Neuropathic
    Pain,   Irritable Bowel Syndrome, Muscle Spasticity
    in Multiple Sclerosis   Rare White Matter Disorders, Opiate-Induced Bowel Dysfunction  
         
      Phase
    1 Trial Expected to Initiate in 2017   

Additional
    Cannabosides Formulations  
         
      Epilepsy,
    Schizophrenia, Huntington s disease, Guillain-Barr   
         
      Preclinical   

We
also have licensed intellectual property that seeks to protect methods of use of certain FDA-approved drugs for treatment of multiple
sclerosis and demyelinating disorders. These drugs are being tested in combination with our cannaboside drug formulations in order
to establish treatment regimens that provide regenerative effects for patients with serious neurological and inflammatory conditions.  

Additional
Operations   

Our glycosylation technology in the past was applied primarily to production of better tasting varieties of
stevia through enzyme bioprocessing, which was developed in concert with additional technologies designed to improve the taste
and yield of stevia sweetener derived from the stevia plant. The company has an intellectual property portfolio related to stevia,
as well as commercial operations related to the manufacture and sale of research products that commenced in 2014. The Company intends
to sustain these operations and technologies in a manner that is cash-flow neutral or better, through a combination of restructuring
of existing agreements and entering into new licensing arrangements or strategic partnerships.  

Results
of Operations   

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   

Our
net loss during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $1,146,519 compared to a net income of $504,326 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we generated $45,888 in revenue and $24,995
in gross profit, compared to $51,697 in revenue and $10,498 in gross profit for the 2015 period.  Our
revenue in each of the periods presented is earned from the sale of research diagnostic testing kits and chemicals. In May 2014,
we purchased the assets of a Percipio Biosciences, Inc., which produced and sold these products, and which we continue to sell
under their existing brand names. These products are sold primarily to research universities and companies in the United States
and through a network of research product distributors internationally. The tests enable measurement by life science researchers
of biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative signaling and stress. The kits and products include antibodies, enzymes, as well as
specialty chemicals.  We expect such sales to continue at approximately this rate.  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred general and administrative expenses in the aggregate amount of $706,609
compared to $556,945 incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2015 (an increase of $149,664). General and
administrative expenses generally include corporate overhead, salaries and other compensation costs, financial and administrative
contracted services, marketing, consulting costs and travel expenses. A significant portion of these costs are related to the
development of our organizational capabilities as a biotechnology company, including costs such as legal and advisory fees related
to intellectual property development. The majority of the increase in general and administrative costs in the period relates to
stock-based compensation costs which increased to $185,051 in the period ending September 30, 2016, as compared to $76,646 in
the period ending September 30, 2015 (an increase of $108,405).  

In
addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred research and development costs of $129,902, compared
to $143,133 during the three months ended September 30, 2015 (a decrease of $13,231).  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred related party rent and other costs totaling $6,900 compared to $4,900 incurred
during the three months ended September 30, 2015 (an increase of $2,000). This increase resulted from a credit issued during the
2015 period.  

This
resulted in a loss from operations of $818,416 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a loss from
operations of $694,480 during the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded total net other income (expenses) in the amount of $(328,103), compared
to total net other income (expenses) recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2015 in the amount of $1,198,806. During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a loss related to the change in fair value of derivatives of $328,008,
compared to a gain of $1,198,954 during the 2015 quarter. This resulted in a net loss of $1,146,519 during the three months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to net income of $504,326 during the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

The
net income during the three months ended September 30, 2015 compared to the net loss for the three months ended September
30, 2016 is attributable primarily to the loss related to the change in the fair value of derivatives in the 2016 period
compared to the large gain recorded during the 2015 period.  

Six
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   

Our
net loss during the six months ended September 30, 2016 was $1,585,924 compared to net income of $719,920 for the six months
ended September 30, 2015. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we generated $92,265 in revenue and $46,253 in gross
profit from sales of  certain research products, compared to  $113,612 in revenue and
$48,380 in gross profit from sales of  certain research products .  Our
revenue in each of the periods presented is earned from the sale of research diagnostic testing kits and chemicals. In May 2014,
we purchased the assets of a Percipio Biosciences, Inc., which produced and sold these products, and which we continue to sell
under their existing brand names. These products are sold primarily to research universities and companies in the United States
and through a network of research product distributors internationally. The tests enable measurement by life science researchers
of biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative signaling and stress. The kits and products include antibodies, enzymes, as well as
specialty chemicals.  We expect such sales to continue at approximately this rate.  

During
the six months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred general and administrative expenses in the aggregate amount of $1,034,483
compared to $1,298,541 incurred during the six months ended September 30, 2015 (a decrease of $264,058). General and
administrative expenses generally include corporate overhead, salaries and other compensation costs, costs of financial and administrative
contracted services, marketing and consulting costs and travel expenses. A significant portion of these costs are related to the
development of our organizational capabilities as a biotechnology company, including costs such as legal and advisory fees related
to intellectual property development. The general and administrative expenses included stock-based compensation of $283,970 during
the six months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to stock-based compensation of $300,762 during the six months ended September
30, 2015 (a decrease of $16,792).  

In
addition, during the six months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred research and development costs of $240,217 relating
to research and development, compared to research and development costs of $326,658 during the six months ended September 30,
2015 (a decrease of $86,441). The decrease resulted primarily from changes in our research and development activities,
including lower equipment costs included in the 2015 period.  

During
the six months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred related party rent and other costs totaling $13,800 compared to $15,800 incurred
during the six months ended September 30, 2015 (a decrease of $2,000). This decrease resulted from a one time additional charge
during the 2015 period.  

This
resulted in a loss from operations of $1,242,247 during the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a loss from
operations of $1,592,619 during the six months ended September 30, 2015.  

During
the six months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded total other income (expense) in the amount of $(343,677), compared
to total other income (expense) recorded during the six months ended September 30, 2015 in the amount of $2,312,539. During the
six months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a loss related to the change in fair value of derivative liabilities of $342,961,
compared to a gain of $2,312,755 during the six months ended September 30, 2015.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had total current assets of $71,128, which was comprised mainly of cash of $33,664. Our total
current liabilities as of September 30, 2016 were $991,580 and consisted of accounts payable and accrued liabilities of
$307,070, and derivative liability of $663,810. The derivative liability is a non-cash item related to certain of
our outstanding warrants as of September 30, 2016. As a result, on September 30, 2016, we had working capital deficit of $920,452.  

These
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, for the
six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred a net loss of 1,585,924 and at September 30, 21016, had a stockholders 
deficit of $920,452. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in their report on the Company s
March 31, 2016 audited financial statements, raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.  

The
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company attaining and maintaining profitable operations in the future
and/or raising additional capital to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when
they come due. We estimate that we will have sufficient funds to operate the Company through March 31, 2017. These estimates could
differ if we encounter unanticipated difficulties, in which case our current funds may not be sufficient to operate our business
for that period. In addition, our estimates of the amount of cash necessary to operate our business may prove to be wrong, and
we could spend our available financial resources much faster than we currently expect.  

We
do not have any firm commitments for future capital. Significant additional financing will be required to fund our planned operations
in future periods, including research and development activities relating to our principal product candidate, seeking regulatory
approval of that or any other product candidate we may choose to develop, commercializing any product candidate for which we are
able to obtain regulatory approval or certification, seeking to license or acquire new assets or businesses, and maintaining our
intellectual property rights and pursuing rights to new technologies. We do not presently have, nor do we expect in the near future
to have, revenue to fund our business from our operations, and will need to obtain significant funding from external sources.
We may seek to raise such funding from a variety of sources. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or convertible debt
securities, our existing stockholders  ownership will be diluted, and obtaining commercial loans would increase our liabilities
and future cash commitments. If we pursue capital through alternative sources, such as collaborations or other similar arrangements,
we may be forced to relinquish rights to our proprietary technology or other intellectual property that could result in our receipt
of only a portion of any revenue that may be generated from a partnered product or business. Further, we may not be able to obtain
additional financing from any of these sources on commercially reasonable or acceptable terms when needed, or at all. If we cannot
raise the money that we need in order to continue to operate and develop our business, we will be forced to delay, scale back
or eliminate some or all of our operations. If any of these were to occur, there is a substantial risk that our business would
fail and our stockholders could lose all of their investment.  

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities    

We
have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities. For the six months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in
operating activities was $578,800 compared to net cash used in operating activities of $988,625 for the six months ended September
30, 2015. This decrease was primarily attributable to a loss related to the change in fair value of derivative liability. Net
cash used in operating activities during the six months ended September 30, 2016 consisted primarily of a net loss of $1,585,924
offset by a change in fair value of derivative liability of $342,961, $200,315 related to stock-based compensation
for vested stock options and $221,250 for stock issued in exchange for services. Net cash used in operating activities during
the six months ended September 30, 2015 consisted primarily of net income of $719,920 and change in fair value of derivative liability
of $2,312,755, offset by $149,556 related to stock-based compensation for vested stock options and $112,045 for stock-based compensation
for vested warrants granted to employees.  

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities    

During
the six months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, no net cash was used in or provided by investing
activities.  

Net
Cash Provided By Financing Activities    

During
the six months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $517,031 compared to net cash provided
by financing activities of $1,291,574 for the six months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash provided by financing activities during
the six months ended September 30, 2016 was attributable to $265,000 from the sale of common stock and warrants and $252,031 provided
by the exercise of warrants. Net cash provided by financing activities during the six months ended September 30, 2015 was attributable
to the sale of common stock and warrants.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources that would be material to stockholders.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes included in this report have been prepared in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.  

We
regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. In general, management s
estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from the estimates made by management.  

We
believe the following critical accounting policies require us to make significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of
our consolidated financial statements included in this report:  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The more significant estimates and assumption by management include, among others, the fair value of shares issued for services,
the fair value of options and warrants, and assumptions used in the valuation of our outstanding derivative liabilities.  

Stock-Based
Compensation   

The
Company periodically issues stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions, for
services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for share-based payments under the guidance as set forth in the Share-Based
Payment Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ),
which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees, officers,
directors, and consultants, including employee stock options, based on estimated fair values. The Company estimates the fair value
of share-based payment awards to employees and directors on the date of grant using an option-pricing model, and the value of
the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the required service period in the
Company s statements of operations. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees
in accordance with the authoritative guidance whereas the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as
determined at either (a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached, or (b) the date at which the necessary performance
to earn the equity instruments is complete. Stock-based compensation is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and is reduced
for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, as necessary, in subsequent periods if
actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.  

Derivative
Financial Instruments   

We
evaluate our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially
recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements
of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments, we use a probability weighted average Black-Scholes-Merton model
to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates through the September 30, 2016 reporting
date. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as
equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet
as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12
months of the balance sheet date.  

Revenue Recognition  

Revenue
is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable and represents amounts receivable for products and/or
services that have been delivered in the normal course of business, title has passed, the selling price is both fixed and determinable,
and collectability is reasonably assured, all of which generally occurs upon shipment of the Company s product or delivery
of the product to the destination specified by the customer.  

The
Company determines whether delivery has occurred based on when title transfers and the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred
to the buyer, which usually occurs when the Company ships the products. The Company regularly reviews its customers  financial
positions to ensure that collectability is reasonably assured. Except for warranties, the Company has no post-sales obligations.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Please
refer to Footnote 1 of the accompanying financial statements for management s discussion of recent accounting pronouncements  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

Not
Applicable.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures    

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive and financial officer, we conducted
an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive and financial officer concluded that as of September 30, 2016, these disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by our Company in reports we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive and financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures
.. The conclusion that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective was due to the presence of material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting, as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act, as previously disclosed in Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. In light of
the material weaknesses identified by management, we performed additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our
condensed financial statements for the interim period ended September 30, 2016 are fairly presented, in all material respects,
in accordance with GAAP.  

Description
of Material Weaknesses and Management s Remediation Initiatives   

As
of the date of this report, our remediation efforts continue related to each of the material weaknesses that we have identified
in our internal control over financial reporting and additional time and resources will be required in order to fully address
these material weaknesses. We have not been able to complete all actions necessary and test the remediated controls in a manner
that would enable us to conclude that such controls are effective. We are committed to implementing the necessary controls to
remediate the material weaknesses described below, as and when resources permit. These material weaknesses will not be considered
remediated until (1) the new processes are designed, appropriately controlled and implemented for a sufficient period of time
and (2) we have sufficient evidence that the new processes and related controls are operating effectively. The following is a
list of the material weaknesses identified by management as of September 30, 2016:  

(1)
Insufficient segregation of duties in our finance and accounting functions due to limited personnel. During the six months
ended September 30, 2016, we internally performed all aspects of our financial reporting process, including, but not limited
to, access to the underlying accounting records and systems, the ability to post and record journal entries and responsibility
for the preparation of the financial statements. Due to the fact that these duties were often performed by the same person, there
was a lack of review over the financial reporting process that might result in a failure to detect errors in spreadsheets, calculations,
or assumptions used to compile the financial statements and related disclosures as filed with the SEC. This could result in a
material misstatement to our interim or annual financial statements that would not be prevented or detected.  

(2)
Insufficient corporate governance policies. The Company does not have a majority of independent members on our board of directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

We
are currently considering adding additional independent members to our board of directors and adding accounting personnel to our
staff in connection with the ongoing efforts to remediate the material weaknesses described above, but no specific progress has
been made on these goals or other remediation efforts during the six months ended September 30, 2016. As a result
, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the six months ended September 30,
2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Inherent
Limitations on Internal Control   

A
control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. Further, the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be
faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts
of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls
is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. In addition, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks that controls that are effective at one date may subsequently become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or because the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
1. Legal Proceedings    

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
The impact and outcome of litigation, if any, is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters
may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are not currently a party to and our properties are not currently the
subject of any material pending legal proceedings the adverse outcome of which, individually or in the aggregate, would be expected
to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors    

Please
refer to the risks described under the heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC
on June 24, 2016.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

In
May 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,650,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 7,950,000 of our common
stock to certain investors and placement agents for net proceeds of approximately $265,000. These shares were not initially registered
under the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Securities Act ), and such securities were issued in reliance upon an exemption
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in reliance on the following facts: the investors represented that
each of them was an accredited investor as defined in the rules and regulations under the Securities Act and that each of them
was acquiring the shares of our common stock for investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with,
the public sale or distribution thereof, and the shares were issued as restricted securities.  

Item
6. Exhibits    

Exhibit
    Number   
         
       Description
    of Exhibit    

31.1  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
    or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934*   

32.1  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Section
    1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

101.INS  
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document *   

101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document *   

101.CAL  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase *   

101.DEF  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document *   

101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document *   

101.PRE  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document *   

*
Filed herewith.  

Furnished herewith.  

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

VITALITY
BIOPHARMA, INC.   

By:  
       /s/
    Robert Brooke   

Robert
    Brooke  

Chief
    Executive Officer  

(Principal
    Executive Officer and   
     Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Date:  
      November
    17, 2016  

EXHIBIT
INDEX   

Exhibit    
      Number    
         
       Description
    of Exhibit    

31.1  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
    or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934*   

32.1  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Section
    1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

101.INS  
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document *   

101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document *   

101.CAL  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase *   

101.DEF  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document *   

101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document *   

101.PRE  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document *   

*
Filed herewith.  

Furnished herewith.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION   

I,
 Robert Brooke  , certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of Vitality Biopharma, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      all
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 17, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Robert Brooke   

Robert
    Brooke    
 
      Title:  
      Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer and 
    Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

The
undersigned, Robert Brooke, the Chief Executive Officer of Vitality Biopharma, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge,
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and that the information contained
in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented in the financial statements included in such report.  

/s/
    Robert Brooke   

Robert
    Brooke   

Chief
    Executive Officer  

(Principal
    Executive Officer and  

Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)  

Date:
    November 17, 2016  

This
certification accompanies this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be
incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 vbio-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 vbio-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 vbio-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 vbio-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 vbio-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 vbio-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

