<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161019_10-Q_edgar_data_1275283_0001564590-16-025880_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>60823904</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>432673</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1072203</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>16159996</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>21484591</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>17037276</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>71</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-025880.hdr.sgml : 20161019
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161019101409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-025880
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161019
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161019

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REYNOLDS AMERICAN INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001275283
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CIGARETTES [2111]
		IRS NUMBER:				200546644
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32258
		FILM NUMBER:		161942028

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 NORTH MAIN ST
		CITY:			WINSTON SALEM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3367412000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 NORTH MAIN ST
		CITY:			WINSTON SALEM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-025880.txt : 20161019

10-Q
 1
 rai-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

rai-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 OR  

For the transition period from             to               
 Commission file number: 1-32258  
   
 Reynolds American Inc.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

North Carolina  

20-0546644  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)  

401 North Main Street  
 Winston-Salem, NC 27101  
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  
 (336) 741-2000  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed from last report)  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No          
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: 1,425,788,368 shares of common stock, par value $.0001 per share, as of October 3, 2016.  

INDEX   

2 
 
      Part I         F  inancial Information   
     Item 1. Financial Statements  
 REYNOLDS AMERICAN INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
 (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)  
 (Unaudited)  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

3 
 
    REYNOLDS AMERICAN INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (Dollars in Millions)  
 (Unaudited)  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

4 
 
    REYNOLDS AMERICAN INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (Dollars in Millions)  
 (Unaudited)  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

5 
 
    REYNOLDS AMERICAN INC.   
       CO  NDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (Dollars in Millions)  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

6 
 
        Notes   to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Note 1   Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Overview  
 The condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) include the accounts of Reynolds American Inc., referred to as RAI, and its wholly owned subsidiaries. RAI s wholly owned operating subsidiaries include R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc., referred to as SFNTC; American Snuff Company, LLC, referred to as American Snuff Co.; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company, referred to as RJR Vapor; Niconovum USA, Inc.; Niconovum AB; and until their sale on January 13, 2016, as described below, SFR Tobacco International GmbH, referred to as SFRTI, and various foreign subsidiaries affiliated with SFRTI. RAI was incorporated as a holding company in the State of North Carolina in 2004, and its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, referred to as NYSE, under the symbol  RAI.  RAI was created to facilitate the business combination of the U.S. business of Brown   Williamson Holdings, Inc., referred to as B W, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., referred to as BAT, with R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company on July 30, 2004, with such combination referred to as the B W business combination.  
 References to RJR Tobacco prior to July 30, 2004, relate to R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, a New Jersey corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Holdings, Inc., referred to as RJR. References to RJR Tobacco on and subsequent to July 30, 2004, relate to the combined U.S. assets, liabilities and operations of B W and R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, a North Carolina corporation.  
 Recent Transactions 
 On June 12, 2015, RAI acquired Lorillard Inc., n/k/a Lorillard, LLC, referred to as Lorillard, in a cash and stock transaction, valued at $25.8 billion, referred to as the Merger. Also on June 12, 2015, a wholly owned subsidiary, n/k/a ITG Brands, LLC, referred to as ITG, of Imperial Brands, PLC, f/k/a Imperial Tobacco Group PLC, acquired for approximately $7.1 billion, in a transaction referred to as the Divestiture, certain assets (1) owned by RAI subsidiaries or affiliates relating to the cigarette brands WINSTON, KOOL and SALEM, and (2) owned by Lorillard subsidiaries or affiliates related to the cigarette brand MAVERICK and the  e-vapor  brand blu (including SKYCIG), as well as Lorillard s owned and leased real property, and certain transferred employees, together with associated liabilities. As a result of the Divestiture, RAI recognized a pre-tax gain of approximately $3.5 billion. Additionally on June 12, 2015, shortly after completion of the Merger, Lorillard Tobacco Company, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Lorillard, referred to as Lorillard Tobacco, merged with and into RJR Tobacco, with RJR Tobacco continuing as the surviving entity, referred to as the Lorillard Tobacco Merger.  
 On June 12, 2015, concurrently with the completion of the Merger and Divestiture, BAT indirectly (through a wholly owned subsidiary) purchased 77,680,259 shares of RAI common stock, prior to giving effect to RAI s 2015 two-for-one stock split, referred to as the BAT Share Purchase, for approximately $4.7 billion, which was sufficient for BAT and its subsidiaries collectively to maintain their approximately 42% beneficial ownership in RAI. 
 On January 13, 2016, RAI, through various subsidiaries, referred to as the Sellers, completed the sale of the international rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks, along with SFRTI and other international companies that distributed and marketed the brand outside the United States to JT International Holding BV, referred to as JTI Holding, a subsidiary of Japan Tobacco Inc., referred to as JTI, in an all-cash transaction of approximately $5 billion. The transaction did not include the rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks in the U.S. market, U.S. duty-free locations and U.S. territories or in U.S. military outlets, all of which were retained by SFNTC. See note 2 for additional information on this transaction.  
 Operating Segments 
   RAI s reportable operating segments are RJR Tobacco, Santa Fe and American Snuff. The RJR Tobacco segment consists principally of the primary operations of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. The Santa Fe segment consists of the domestic operations of SFNTC. The American Snuff segment consists of the primary operations of American Snuff Co. Included in All Other, among other RAI subsidiaries, are RJR Vapor, Niconovum USA, Inc., Niconovum AB, and until their sale on January 13, 2016, as described above, SFRTI and various foreign subsidiaries affiliated with SFRTI. The segments were identified based on how RAI s chief operating decision maker allocates resources and assesses performance. Certain of RAI s operating subsidiaries have entered into intercompany agreements for products or services with other subsidiaries. As a result, certain activities of an operating subsidiary may be included in a different segment of RAI.   
 RAI s operating subsidiaries primarily conduct their businesses in the United States.  

7 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Basis of Presentation   
 The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, referred to as GAAP, for interim financial information and, in management s opinion, contain all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring items, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. All material intercompany balances have been eliminated. For interim reporting purposes, certain costs and expenses are charged to operations in proportion to the estimated total annual amount expected to be incurred primarily based on sales volumes. The results for the interim periods ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.  
 The condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related footnotes, which appear in RAI s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Certain reclassifications were made to conform prior years  financial statements to the current presentation. Certain amounts presented in note 10 are rounded in the aggregate and may not sum from the individually presented components. All dollar amounts, other than per share amounts, are presented in millions, except for amounts set forth in note 10 and as otherwise noted.  
 Cost of Products Sold 
 Cost of products sold includes, among other expenses, the expenses for the Master Settlement Agreement, referred to as the MSA, and other settlement agreements with the States of Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota, which together with the MSA are collectively referred to as the State Settlement Agreements, and the user fees charged by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, referred to as the FDA. These expenses were as follows:  

In 2012, RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco, SFNTC and certain other participating manufacturers, referred to as the PMs, entered into a term sheet, referred to as the Term Sheet, with 17 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico to settle certain claims related to the MSA non-participating manufacturer adjustment, referred to as the NPM Adjustment. The Term Sheet resolved claims related to volume years from 2003 through 2012 and put in place a revised method to determine future adjustments from 2013 forward as to jurisdictions that join the agreement. Subsequently, five additional states joined the Term Sheet, including two states that were found to have not diligently enforced their qualifying statutes, some on terms that were marginally more favorable to the PMs than those of the original signatories. The parties to the Term Sheet represent an allocable share of 49.87%.  
 As a result of meeting the performance requirements associated with the Term Sheet, RJR Tobacco and Santa Fe, collectively, recognized credits of $79 million and $76 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $222 million and $211 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Credits recognized in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, include the benefit of the additional credits received as a result of the Lorillard Tobacco Merger. 
 In September 2013, an arbitration panel ruled six states had not diligently enforced their qualifying statutes in 2003 related to the NPM Adjustment.  In October 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court denied RJR Tobacco s petition for writ of certiorari against Pennsylvania and Maryland, thus eliminating a portion of RJR Tobacco s recovery from these states. Certain findings by the arbitration panel against two of the original six states are currently in litigation and as such, the full amount of recovery from these states is uncertain. For the amounts that were certain and estimable, RJR Tobacco and Santa Fe, collectively, recognized $70 million as a reduction of cost of products sold in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. No comparable amounts were recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
   In October 2015, RJR Tobacco, SFNTC and certain other PMs entered into a settlement agreement, referred to as the NY Settlement Agreement, with the State of New York to settle certain claims related to the NPM Adjustment. The NY Settlement Agreement resolved NPM Adjustment claims related to payment years from 2004 through 2014, providing RJR Tobacco and SFNTC, collectively, with credits, of approximately $290 million, plus interest, that will be recognized through 2018 subject to meeting various performance obligations. These credits will be applied against annual payments under the MSA over a four-year period, which commenced with the April 2016 MSA payment. In addition, the NY Settlement Agreement put in place a new method to determine  
 8 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  future adjustments   from 2015 forward as to New York. RJR Tobacco and Santa Fe, collectively, recognized credits of $  25   million and $  71   million as a reduction to costs of products sold for the three and   nine months   ended   September 30,   2016, respectively.   
 For additional information related to the NPM Adjustment settlement and the 2003 NPM Adjustment claim, see   Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry  State Settlement Agreements Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments  in note 10.  
 Pension and Postretirement  
 Pension and postretirement benefits require balance sheet recognition of the net asset or liability for the overfunded or underfunded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans, on a plan-by-plan basis, and recognition of changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur.  
 Actuarial (gains) losses are changes in the amount of either the benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from changes in assumptions. Differences between actual results and actuarial assumptions are accumulated and recognized as a mark-to-market adjustment, referred to as an MTM adjustment, to the extent such net (gains) losses exceed 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or benefit obligations, referred to as the corridor. Actuarial (gains) losses outside the corridor are generally recognized annually as of December 31, or when a plan is remeasured during an interim period.  
 Prior service costs (credits) for pension benefits, which are changes in benefit obligations due to plan amendments, are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period for active employees, or average remaining life expectancies for inactive employees if most of the plan obligations are due to inactive employees. Prior service costs (credits) for postretirement benefits, which are changes in benefit obligations due to plan amendments, are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected service period to full eligibility age for active employees, or average remaining life expectancies for inactive employees if most of the plan obligations are due to inactive employees.  
 The components of the pension benefits and the postretirement benefits are set forth below:  

RAI disclosed in its financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, that it expects to contribute $335 million to its pension plans in 2016, of which $333 million was contributed during the first nine months of 2016.  
 Fair Value Measurement  
 RAI determines the fair value of assets and liabilities using a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity, and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions based on the best information available in the circumstances.  
 Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, essentially an exit price. 
 The levels of the fair value hierarchy are: 
 Level 1: inputs are quoted prices, unadjusted, in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.  
 Level 2: inputs are other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. A Level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.  
 9 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Level 3: inputs are unobservable and reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.   
 RAI evaluates its investments for possible impairment based on current economic conditions, credit loss experience and other criteria on a quarterly basis. The evaluation of investments for impairment requires significant judgments, including:  

the identification of potentially impaired securities;      

the determination of their estimated fair value;      

the assessment of whether any decline in estimated fair value is other-than-temporary; and      

the likelihood of selling before recovery.      

 If there is a decline in a security s net realizable value that is other-than-temporary and it is not likely to be sold before recovery, the decline is separated into the amount of impairment related to credit loss and the amount of impairment related to all other factors. The decline related to the credit loss is recognized in earnings, while the decline related to all other factors is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss.  
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements  
 In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, referred to as FASB, issued an Accounting Standards Update, referred to as ASU, 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  The amended guidance requires debt issuance costs to be presented as a direct reduction of the debt liability with which it is associated similar to the way debt discounts are presented. The amended guidance did not change the requirement to amortize the costs as interest expense over the life of the associated debt. At RAI s election, and as permitted in ASU 2015-15,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30),  the unamortized debt issuance costs associated with its credit facility are included in other assets and deferred charges in the balance sheets. The guidance, which required retrospective application, was effective for RAI for interim and annual reporting periods, beginning January 1, 2016, and resulted in a $70 million and $92 million reclassification of debt issuance costs as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05,  Internal Use Software,  for determining if an arrangement for cloud services includes a license of software. This new guidance does not change the accounting standard for cloud service providers, but does base the criteria for determining if a license of software is part of the arrangement based on the existing guidance. If a license of software is present in the arrangement, the fee associated with the license portion will be capitalized when the criteria for capitalization of internal-use software are met. This guidance was effective for interim and annual periods beginning January 1, 2016. As permitted, RAI adopted the guidance on a prospective basis and, accordingly, its adoption did not have a material impact on RAI s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which replaces most existing GAAP revenue recognition guidance and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In August 2015, ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Deferral of the Effective Date,  deferred the effective date of this guidance to interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Subsequently, in 2016, the FASB issued implementation guidance related to ASU 2014-09, including: 

ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net),   which is intended to provide further clarification on the application of the principal versus agent implementation;      

ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,   which is intended to clarify the guidance for identifying promised goods or services in a contract with a customer;     

ASU 2016-12,   Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,   which amends certain aspects of ASU 2014-09 to address certain implementation issues.      

 RAI continues to evaluate the effect this guidance will have on its results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 10 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,   requiring that all deferred income tax balances in the consolidated balance sheets be classified as non-current.   This guidance does not change the current   requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount. The amended guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within t  hose fiscal years  .     RAI will adopt the amended guidance   as of December 31, 2016  , with retrospective application   to the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015  ,   that will result   in a reclassification of approximately $1 billion from deferred incom  e taxes, net in current assets to deferred income taxes, net in long-term liabilities.     
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities,  which supersedes existing guidance to classify equity securities with readily determinable fair values into different categories and requires equity securities to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through net income. An entity s equity investments that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting or result in consolidation of an investee are not included within the scope of this amended guidance. The amendments allow equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values to be remeasured at fair value either upon the occurrence of an observable price change or upon identification of impairment. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted if it is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The amended guidance is not expected to have a material impact on RAI s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases,  requiring lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements, such as information about variable lease payments and options to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance sheet. Additionally, the amended guidance aligns lessor accounting to comparable guidance in Accounting Standard Codification 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. RAI is evaluating the effect this guidance will have on its results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including accounting for income tax, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements, classifications of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification of taxes in the statement of cash flows. The amended guidance also requires an entity to record excess tax benefits and deficiencies in the income statement. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. RAI will adopt the amended guidance as of January 1, 2017. The amended guidance is not expected to have a material impact on RAI s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses,  which replaces the current incurred loss impairment methodology for recognizing credit losses for financial instruments with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration for a broader range of reasonable and supportable information for estimating credit losses. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. RAI is evaluating the effect this guidance will have on its results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  addressing eight specific cash flow issues in an effort to reduce diversity in practice. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, and for interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The amended guidance will not have a material impact on RAI s statements of cash flows.  

Note 2   Sale of International Rights   to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT Brand 
 On January 13, 2016, RAI, through the Sellers, completed the sale of the international rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks, along with the international companies that distributed and marketed the brand outside the United States to JTI Holding in an all-cash transaction of approximately $5 billion.  
   The purchase agreement, dated as of September 28, 2015, between the Sellers and JTI Holding, referred to as the 2015 Purchase Agreement, contains customary representations, warranties and covenants made by the Sellers and JTI Holding, and, for certain provisions, RAI and JTI, and contains indemnification provisions, subject to customary limitations, with respect to these and other matters, including potential litigation relating to specified claims. The 2015 Purchase Agreement also contains a guarantee of Sellers  obligations by RAI, and a guarantee of JTI Holding s obligations by JTI. Further, in the 2015 Purchase Agreement, RAI has agreed not to, and agreed to cause its controlled affiliates not to, engage in the business of producing, selling, distributing and developing  
 11 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  natural, organic and additive-free combustible tobacco cigarettes and roll-your-own or make-your-own tobacco products outside of the United States, and JTI has agreed not to, and agreed to cause its controlled affiliates not to, engage in the   conduct of such business in the United States, in each case, for five years following the closing of the transaction.   
 The transaction did not include the rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks in the U.S. market, U.S. duty-free locations, and U.S. territories or in U.S. military outlets, all of which have been retained by SFNTC. With this transaction completed, the international rights to nearly all of RAI s operating companies  cigarette trademarks are now owned by international tobacco companies.  
 The components of the pre-tax gain, which was recorded in the first nine months of 2016, were as follows:    

Note 3   Fair Value  
 Fair Value of Financial Assets  
 Financial assets carried at fair value were as follows:  

There were no transfers between the levels for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, or during the year ended December 31, 2015.   
 Investments 
 As of December 31, 2015, RAI s short-term investments included corporate debt securities, U.S. Government agency obligations and commercial paper. The fair value of these investments, classified as Level 2, utilized quoted prices for identical assets in less active markets or quoted prices for similar assets in active markets. All investments classified as short-term investments as of December 31, 2015, were sold or matured during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 As of December 31, 2015, RAI had investments in auction rate securities linked to corporate credit risk, in auction rate securities related to financial insurance companies, and in a mortgage-backed security, each classified as Level 3. In addition, RAI had an investment in a marketable equity security classified as Level 1. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the auction rate securities related to financial insurance companies, the marketable equity security and the mortgage-backed security were sold. In addition, one of the auction rate securities linked to corporate credit risk was called by the issuer at par value of $20 million and all remaining were reclassified to short-term as their maturities are expected to occur within the next twelve months as of September 30, 2016. No other-than-temporary losses were recognized in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Any unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in RAI s condensed consolidated balance sheet (unaudited) as of September 30, 2016, and consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015.   
 12 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    T  he fair value of the auction rate securities are linked to the longer-term credit risk of a diverse range of corporations, including, but not limited to, corporations in the manufacturing, financial   and insurance   sectors  ,   and was determined by utilizing an   income approach model. RAI considers the market for its auction rate securities to be inactive.   
 Financial assets classified as Level 3 investments were as follows:  

Interest Rate Management    
 From time to time, RAI and RJR have used interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on a portion of their respective debt obligations. At December 31, 2015, the fair value of the interest rate swaps, classified as Level 2, was determined by utilizing a market approach model using the notional amount of the interest rate swaps and observable inputs of time to maturity and market interest rates.  
 As part of the Lorillard Tobacco Merger, RJR Tobacco assumed fixed to floating interest rate swap agreements that Lorillard Tobacco designated as fair value hedges of its 8.125% notes due in 2019.  Under the swap agreements, RJR Tobacco received interest based on a fixed rate of 8.125% and paid interest based on a floating one-month LIBOR rate plus a spread of 4.625%.  The net settlement reduced interest expense by approximately $3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $6 million and $7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, RJR Tobacco terminated these interest rate swap agreements and received $66 million in cash. The fair value adjustment of the notes designated as the hedging instrument is being amortized as a reduction of interest expense over the expected remaining life of the notes. As of September 30, 2016, RAI and RJR Tobacco had no outstanding interest rate swaps. 
 See note 9 for additional information relating to the interest rate swap agreements. 

Note 4   Intangible Assets  
 The changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill by segment were as follows:  

13 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

The carrying amounts and changes therein of trademarks and other intangible assets by segment were as follows:  

Details of finite-lived intangible assets were as follows:  

The estimated remaining amortization expense associated with finite-lived intangible assets is expected to be as follows:  

Note 5   Income Per Share  
 The components of the calculation of income per share were as follows:  

14 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
        Note 6   In  ventories   
 The major components of inventories were as follows:  

RJR Tobacco performs its annual LIFO inventory valuation at December 31. Interim periods represent an estimate of the expected annual valuation.  

Note 7   Income Taxes  
 The provision for income taxes was as follows:  

The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was impacted by an increase in tax attributable to the sale of the international rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks, along with the international companies that distributed and marketed the brand outside the United States. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was unfavorably impacted by an increase in tax attributable to nondeductible costs related to the Merger and Divestiture and an increase in uncertain tax positions, partially offset by a decrease in tax attributable to the release of a valuation allowance and a reduction in state income taxes. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015, was favorably impacted by a decrease in tax attributable to the domestic manufacturing deduction and a reduction in state income taxes. 
 The effective tax rate for each period differed from the federal statutory rate of 35% due to the domestic manufacturing deduction of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, state income taxes and certain nondeductible items.   

Not  e 8     Credit Agreement  
   
 In December 2014, RAI entered into a credit agreement, referred to as the Credit Agreement, with a syndicate of lenders, providing for a five-year, $2 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which may be increased to $2.35 billion at the discretion of the lenders upon the request of RAI.  In October 2015, the requisite lenders agreed, at RAI s request, to extend the maturity date of the Credit Agreement by 12 months to December 18, 2020. Subject to the terms and conditions stated therein, the maturity date of the Credit Agreement may be extended further, upon the request of RAI and with the consent of the requisite lenders, an additional 12 months to December 18, 2021. 
   
 Subject to certain conditions, RAI is able to use the revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement for borrowings and issuances of letters of credit at its option, subject to a $300 million sublimit on the aggregate amount of letters of credit.  Issuances of letters of credit reduce availability under such revolving credit facility.   
   
 The Credit Agreement contains certain customary restrictive covenants, and two financial covenants   a consolidated leverage ratio covenant and a consolidated interest coverage ratio covenant. The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including upon a change in control, as defined therein, which could result in the acceleration of all amounts outstanding and cancellation of all commitments outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 
   
 15 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    The lenders  obligations under the Credit Agreement to fund borrowings are subject to the accuracy of RAI s representations and warranties and the absence of any default, provided, however, that the accuracy of RAI s represen  tation as to the absence of any material adverse effect, as defined in the Credit Agreement, is not a condition to borrowing for the purpose of refinancing any maturing commercial paper.  
   
 Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, RAI is required to pay a facility fee per annum of between 0.100% and 0.275%, based generally on the ratings of RAI s senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness, on the lender commitments in respect of the revolving credit facility thereunder. 
   
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at the option of RAI, at a rate equal to an applicable margin based generally on the ratings of RAI s senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness, plus:  

the alternate base rate, which is the higher of (1) the federal funds effective rate from time to time plus 0.5%, (2) the prime rate and (3) the reserve adjusted eurodollar rate for a one month interest period plus 1%; or      

the eurodollar rate, which is the reserve adjusted rate at which eurodollar deposits for one, two, three or six months are offered in the interbank eurodollar market.      

Overdue principal outstanding under the revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement bears interest at a rate equal to the rate then in effect with respect to such borrowings, plus 2.0% per annum.  Any amount besides principal that becomes overdue bears interest at a rate equal to 2.0% per annum in excess of the rate of interest applicable to base rate loans. 
   
 Certain of RAI s subsidiaries, including its Material Subsidiaries, as defined in the Credit Agreement, have guaranteed, on an unsecured basis, RAI s obligations under the Credit Agreement.  Under the Credit Agreement, any new Material Subsidiary of RAI must be added as a guarantor of the Credit Agreement.   
   
 As of September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings and $6 million of letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 

Note 9   Long-Term Debt 
 Tender Offer and Redemption  
 RAI s cash tender offer for up to $2.81 billion aggregate purchase price (excluding accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date of February 22, 2016, and excluding related fees and expenses), referred to as the Tender Cap, for certain of its outstanding notes listed in the table below, collectively referred to as the Tender Notes, expired as of 11:59 p.m., New York City time on March 3, 2016.  
 RAI accepted for purchase $2.69 billion in aggregate principal amount of Tender Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn on or prior to 5 p.m., New York City time, on February 18, 2016, referred to as the Early Tender Date.  On February 22, 2016, RAI paid, with cash on hand, aggregate total consideration of $2.81 billion (including the early tender premium of $30 per $1,000 principal amount of Tender Notes of approximately $118 million, but excluding accrued and unpaid interest) for such Tender Notes accepted for purchase. In addition, RAI recognized $22 million of unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Tender Notes as a loss on early extinguishment of debt. 
 16 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    As described in the Offer to Purchase, dated February 4, 2016, and the related Letter of Transmittal, as amended, collectively referred to as the Tender Offer Documents, RAI accepted for   purchase 100% of the Tender Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn for the series listed in the table below in acceptance priority levels 1 through 3.  Due to oversubscription, RAI accepted for purchase Tender Notes validly tendered and not valid  ly withdrawn for the series listed in the table below in acceptance priority level 4 on a pro rata basis in accordance with the proration procedures described in the Tender Offer Documents.  RAI did not accept for purchase any of the Tender Notes for the s  eries listed in the table below in acceptance priority levels 5 through 7.  

(1)    
 
 Series prorated    

 Since aggregate consideration payable to holders of Tender Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn exceeded the Tender Cap on or prior to the Early Tender Date, RAI did not accept for purchase any additional tenders of Tender Notes made after the Early Tender Date. 
 In May 2012, RAI entered into forward starting interest rate contracts with an aggregate notional amount of $1 billion. RAI designated those derivatives as cash flow hedges of a future debt issuance. In October 2012, RAI completed the sale of notes that had been forecasted, and the 3.250% Tender Notes due 2022 and the 4.750% Tender Notes due 2042 were designated as the hedged instruments under these derivative contracts. The forward starting interest rate contracts were immediately terminated, and the effective portion of the loss incurred was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets and was amortized over the life of the related debt.  The amount of 3.250% Tender Notes due 2022 and the 4.750% Tender Notes due 2042 repurchased in the tender offer exceeded the original notional amount of the forward starting interest rate contracts and, accordingly, the remaining unamortized loss related to the forward starting interest rate contracts of $16 million was recognized as expense upon completion of the tender offer.  
 The 3.750% Tender Notes due 2023 had a carrying value that exceeded face value as this debt was assumed in the Lorillard Tobacco Merger and recorded at fair value in purchase accounting.  Approximately 94% of this fair value adjustment, or $11 million, which represents the proportional amount of Tender Notes repurchased in this series, was recognized as part of the loss on early extinguishment of debt.  
 Pursuant to its previously announced redemption call, on March 5, 2016, RAI redeemed all $700 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of its 6.750% Senior Notes due 2017 and all $250 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of its 7.750% Senior Notes due 2018. In connection with the redemption, RAI recorded a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $90 million, which consisted of $88 million in make-whole premiums paid to noteholders as part of the redemption and $2 million for unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs related to the redeemed notes. 
   
 In 2009, RAI and RJR entered into offsetting floating to fixed interest rate swap agreements with the same financial institution that held certain fixed to floating interest rate swaps for the same notional amount. The swaps were designated as fair value hedges.  In September 2011, the original and offsetting interest rate swap agreements were terminated with the carrying value of the hedged debt reflecting a fair value adjustment treated as a premium. At that point, RAI began amortizing the fair value adjustment.  As of December 31, 2015, the $700 million of 6.750% notes due 2017 represented the remaining debt that had been hedged with these interest rate swap agreements.  Upon the redemption of these notes, the remaining unamortized fair value adjustment for the terminated swaps of $25 million was recognized and, accordingly, reduced the loss on early extinguishment of debt. 
 In the aggregate, expenses related to the cash tender offer and redemption of approximately $239 million, which included legal and bank fees of approximately $7 million, were recognized in other expense, net in the condensed consolidated statements of income (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 17 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    RAI and RJR Tobacco Total Long-Term Debt   
 Information, including a schedule of maturities regarding RAI s and RJR Tobacco s long-term debt, is provided below: 

*   
 
 The interest rate payable on these notes generally is subject to adjustment from time to time (as detailed in the form of these notes) based upon the credit rating assigned to these notes, provided that in no event will (1) the interest rate for these notes be reduced below 8.125% or (2) the total increase in the interest rate on these notes exceed 2.0% above 8.125%.     

18 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    During the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, RJR Tobacco repurchased $  8.4   million of its outstanding notes  .     As of   September   30, 2016, th  e maturities of RAI s and RJR Tobacco s notes, excluding fair value adjustments and unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs, were as follows:  

Fair Value of Debt     
 The estimated fair value of RAI s outstanding consolidated debt, in the aggregate, was $15.2 billion and $18.2 billion, with an effective average annual interest rate of approximately 5.0% and 4.6% as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The fair values are based on available market quotes, credit spreads and discounted cash flows, as appropriate. 
 Interest Rate Swap Agreements Termination 
 In the first nine months of 2016, RJR Tobacco terminated the interest rate swap agreements assumed in the Lorillard Tobacco Merger.  The remaining  fair value adjustment of $ 7  million for the 8.125% notes due June 23, 2019, is being amortized as a reduction of interest expense over the expected remaining life of the notes.  
 See note 3 for additional information on interest rate management. 

Note 10   Commitments and Contingencies  
 Tobacco Litigation   General  
 Introduction 
 Litigation, claims, and other legal proceedings relating to the use of, exposure to, or purchase of tobacco products are pending or may be instituted in the future against RJR Tobacco (including as successor by merger to Lorillard Tobacco), American Snuff Co., SFNTC, RJR Vapor, RAI, Lorillard, other RAI affiliates, and indemnitees (including B W), sometimes referred to collectively as Reynolds Defendants. These pending legal proceedings include claims relating to cigarette products manufactured by RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco, SFNTC or certain of their affiliates or indemnitees, smokeless tobacco products manufactured by American Snuff Co., and e-cigarette products manufactured on behalf of and marketed by RJR Vapor. A discussion of the legal proceedings relating to cigarette products (and e-cigarettes) is set forth below under the heading    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry.  All of the references under that heading to tobacco-related litigation, smoking and health litigation and other similar references are references to legal proceedings relating to cigarette products or e-cigarettes, as the case may be, and are not references to legal proceedings involving smokeless tobacco products, and case numbers under that heading include only cases involving cigarette products and e-cigarettes. The legal proceedings relating to the smokeless tobacco products manufactured by American Snuff Co. are discussed separately under the heading    Smokeless Tobacco Litigation  below. 
 In connection with the B W business combination, RJR Tobacco undertook certain indemnification obligations with respect to B W and its affiliates, including its indirect parent, BAT. See    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Overview   Introduction  below. In connection with the Merger and Divestiture, as applicable, RAI and RJR Tobacco undertook certain indemnification obligations. See    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Overview   Introduction,     Other Contingencies   ITG Indemnity,  and    Other Contingencies   Loews Indemnity  below. In addition, in connection with the sale of the non-U.S. operations and business of the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand, the Sellers have agreed to indemnify the buyer for certain claims. See    Other Contingencies   JTI Indemnities  below.  
 Certain Terms and Phrases 
 Certain terms and phrases used in this disclosure may require some explanation. The term  judgment  or  final judgment  refers to the final decision of the court resolving the dispute and determining the rights and obligations of the parties. At the trial court level, for example, a final judgment generally is entered by the court after a jury verdict and after post-verdict motions have been decided. In most cases, the losing party can appeal a verdict only after a final judgment has been entered by the trial court. 
 19 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    The term  damages  refers to the a  mount of money sought by a plaintiff in a complaint, or awarded to a party by a jury or, in some cases, by a judge.  Compensatory damages  are awarded to compensate the prevailing party for actual losses suffered, if liability is proved. In cases in which   there is a finding that a defendant has acted willfully, maliciously or fraudulently, generally based on a higher burden of proof than is required for a finding of liability for compensatory damages, a plaintiff also may be awarded  punitive damages.  Alth  ough damages may be awarded at the trial court stage, a losing party generally may be protected from paying any damages until all appellate avenues have been exhausted by posting a supersedeas bond. The amount of such a bond is governed by the law of the r  elevant jurisdiction and generally is set at the amount of damages plus some measure of statutory interest, modified at the discretion of the appropriate court or subject to limits set by court or statute.  
 The term   per curiam   refers to a decision entered by an appellate court that is not signed by an individual judge. In most cases, it is used to indicate that the opinion entered is a brief announcement of the court s decision and is not accompanied by an opinion explaining the court s reasoning. 
 The term  settlement  refers to certain types of cases in which cigarette manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco, B W and Lorillard Tobacco, have agreed to resolve disputes with certain plaintiffs without resolving the cases through trial. The principal terms of certain settlements entered into by RJR Tobacco, B W and Lorillard Tobacco are explained below under    Accounting for Tobacco-Related Litigation Contingencies.  
 Theories of Recovery 
 The plaintiffs seek recovery on a variety of legal theories, including negligence, strict liability in tort, design defect, failure to warn, fraud, misrepresentation, violations of unfair and deceptive trade practices statutes, conspiracy, medical monitoring and violations of state and federal antitrust laws. In certain of these cases, the plaintiffs claim that cigarette smoking exacerbated injuries caused by exposure to asbestos or, in the case of certain claims asserted against Lorillard Tobacco, that they were injured by exposure to filters containing asbestos used in one cigarette brand for roughly four years before 1957, the latter cases referred to as Filter Cases. 
 The plaintiffs seek various forms of relief, including compensatory and, where available, punitive damages, treble or multiple damages and statutory damages and penalties, creation of medical monitoring and smoking cessation funds, disgorgement of profits, and injunctive and other equitable relief. Although alleged damages often are not determinable from a complaint, and the law governing the pleading and calculation of damages varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, compensatory and punitive damages have been specifically pleaded in a number of cases, sometimes in amounts ranging into the hundreds of millions and even billions of dollars. 
 Defenses  
 The defenses raised by Reynolds Defendants include, where applicable and otherwise appropriate, preemption by the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act of some or all claims arising after 1969, or by the Comprehensive Smokeless Tobacco Health Education Act for claims arising after 1986, the lack of any defect in the product, assumption of the risk, contributory or comparative fault, lack of proximate cause, remoteness, lack of standing, statutes of limitations or repose and others. RAI, RJR and Lorillard have asserted additional defenses, including jurisdictional defenses, in many of the cases in which they are named. 
 Accounting for Tobacco-Related Litigation Contingencies 
 In accordance with GAAP, RAI and its subsidiaries record any loss concerning litigation at such time as an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated on an individual case-by-case basis. For the reasons set forth below, RAI s management continues to conclude that the loss of any particular pending tobacco-related litigation claim against the Reynolds Defendants, when viewed on an individual basis, is not probable, except for certain  Engle  Progeny cases noted below. 
 Reynolds Defendants believe that they have valid defenses to the tobacco-related litigation claims against them, as well as valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts against them. Reynolds Defendants have, through their counsel, filed pleadings and memoranda in pending tobacco-related litigation that set forth and discuss a number of grounds and defenses that they and their counsel believe have a valid basis in law and fact. With the exception of the  Engle  Progeny cases described below, Reynolds Defendants continue to win the majority of tobacco-related litigation claims that reach trial, and a very high percentage of the tobacco-related litigation claims brought against them, including  Engle  Progeny cases, continue to be dismissed at or before trial. Based on their experience in tobacco-related litigation and the strength of the defenses available to them in such litigation, Reynolds Defendants believe that their successful defense of tobacco-related litigation in the past will continue in the future. 
 20 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    RAI s condensed consolidated balance sheet (unaudited) as of September 30,   2016, contains accruals f  or   the following   Engle   Progeny cases  :   Starr-Blundell  ,   Buonomo,     Wilcox   and   Ward   (for attorneys  fees and interest only)  .   In the third quarter of   2016, RJR Tobacco paid approximately $53.4 million in satisfaction of the judgments, including attorneys  fees a  nd interest, in   Hiott  ,   Thibault  ,   Clayton, Soffer   and   Hubbird   and attorneys  fees and interest in   Cohen  ,   Ciccone  ,   Hallgren  ,   Taylor,     Odum   and   Townsend  .   Other accruals include an amount for the   estimated costs   of the corrective communications   in the   U.S. Depa  rtment of Justice   case.     As other cases proceed through the appellate process, RAI will evaluate the need for further accruals on an individual case-by-case basis if an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated  .     
 It is the policy of Reynolds Defendants to defend tobacco-related litigation claims vigorously; generally, Reynolds Defendants and indemnitees do not settle such claims. However, Reynolds Defendants may enter into settlement discussions in some cases, if they believe it is in their best interests to do so. Exceptions to this general approach include, but are not limited to, actions taken pursuant to  offer of judgment  statutes, as described below in     Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Overview,  and Filter Cases, as described below in    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Filter Cases,  as well as other historical examples discussed below.  
 With respect to smoking and health tobacco litigation claims, the only significant settlements reached by RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco and B W involved: 

the State Settlement Agreements and the funding by various tobacco companies of a $5.2 billion trust fund contemplated by the MSA to benefit tobacco growers;      

the original   Broin   flight attendant case discussed below under    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry     Broin II   Cases,  and     

most of the   Engle   Progeny cases pending in federal court, after the initial docket of over 4,000 such cases was reduced to approximately 400 cases.     

 The circumstances surrounding the State Settlement Agreements and the funding of a trust fund to benefit the tobacco growers are readily distinguishable from the current categories of tobacco-related litigation claims involving Reynolds Defendants. In the claims underlying the State Settlement Agreements, the states sought to recover funds paid for health care and medical and other assistance to state citizens suffering from diseases and conditions allegedly related to tobacco use. The State Settlement Agreements settled all the health-care cost recovery actions brought by, or on behalf of, the settling jurisdictions and contain releases of various additional present and future claims. In accordance with the MSA, various tobacco companies agreed to fund a $5.2 billion trust fund to be used to address the possible adverse economic impact of the MSA on tobacco growers. A discussion of the State Settlement Agreements, and a table depicting the related payment schedule, is set forth below under    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases.  
 As with claims that were resolved by the State Settlement Agreements, the other cases settled by RJR Tobacco can be distinguished from existing cases pending against the Reynolds Defendants. The original  Broin  case, discussed below under    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry    Broin II  Cases,  was settled in the middle of trial during negotiations concerning a possible nation-wide settlement of claims similar to those underlying the State Settlement Agreements. 
 The federal  Engle  Progeny cases likewise presented exceptional circumstances not present in the state  Engle  Progeny cases or elsewhere. All of the federal  Engle  Progeny cases subject to the settlement were pending in the same court, were coordinated by the same judge, and involved the same sets of plaintiffs  lawyers. Moreover, RJR Tobacco settled only after approximately 90% of the federal  Engle  Progeny cases otherwise had been resolved. A discussion of the  Engle  Progeny cases and the settlement of the federal  Engle  Progeny cases is set forth below under    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry      Engle  and  Engle  Progeny Cases.   
 In 2010, RJR Tobacco entered into a comprehensive agreement with the Canadian federal, provincial and territorial governments, which resolved all civil claims related to the movement of contraband tobacco products in Canada during the period 1985 through 1999 that the Canadian governments could assert against RJR Tobacco and its affiliates. These claims involved different theories of recovery than the other tobacco-related litigation claims pending against the Reynolds Defendants. 
 Also, in 2004, RJR Tobacco and B W separately settled the antitrust case  DeLoach v. Philip Morris Cos., Inc.,  which was brought by a unique class of plaintiffs: a class of all tobacco growers and tobacco allotment holders. The plaintiffs asserted that the defendants conspired to fix the price of tobacco leaf and to destroy the federal government s tobacco quota and price support program. Despite legal defenses they believed to be valid, RJR Tobacco and B W separately settled this case to avoid a long and contentious trial with the tobacco growers. The  DeLoach  case involved different types of plaintiffs and different theories of recovery under the antitrust laws than the other tobacco-related litigation claims pending against the Reynolds Defendants. 
 21 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Finally, as discussed under    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   State Settlement Agreements     Enforcement and Val  idity; Adjustments,  RJR Tobacco  , B W   and   Lorillard Tobacco   each has settled certain cases brought by states concerning the enforcement of State Settlement Agreements. Despite legal defenses believed to be valid, these cases were settled to avoid further c  ontentious litigation with the states involved. These enforcement actions involve alleged breaches of State Settlement Agreements based on specific actions taken by particular defendants. Accordingly, any future enforcement actions involving State Settleme  nt Agreements will be reviewed by RJR Tobacco on the merits and should not be affected by the settlement of prior enforcement cases.  
 Cautionary Statement  
 Even though RAI s management continues to believe that the loss of particular pending tobacco-related litigation claims against Reynolds Defendants when viewed on an individual case-by-case basis, is not probable or estimable (except for certain  Engle  Progeny cases described below), the possibility of material losses related to such litigation is more than remote. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and generally, it is not possible to predict the outcome of any particular litigation pending against Reynolds Defendants, or to reasonably estimate the amount or range of any possible loss. 
 Although Reynolds Defendants believe that they have valid bases for appeals of adverse verdicts in their pending cases and valid defenses to all actions and intend to defend them vigorously as described above, it is possible that there could be further adverse developments in pending cases, and that additional cases could be decided unfavorably against Reynolds Defendants. Determinations of liability or adverse rulings in such cases or in similar cases involving other cigarette manufacturers as defendants, even if such judgments are not final, could have a material adverse effect on the litigation against Reynolds Defendants and could encourage the commencement of additional tobacco-related litigation. Reynolds Defendants also may enter into settlement discussions in some cases, if they believe it is in their best interests to do so. In addition, a number of political, legislative, regulatory and other developments relating to the tobacco industry and cigarette smoking have received wide media attention. These developments may negatively affect the outcomes of tobacco-related legal actions and encourage the commencement of additional similar litigation. 
 Although it is impossible to predict the outcome of such events on pending litigation and the rate new lawsuits may be filed against Reynolds Defendants, a significant increase in litigation or in adverse outcomes for tobacco defendants, or difficulties in obtaining the bonding required to stay execution of judgments on appeal, could have a material adverse effect on any or all of these entities. Moreover, notwithstanding the quality of defenses available to Reynolds Defendants in litigation matters, it is possible that RAI s results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be materially adversely affected by the ultimate outcome of certain pending litigation or future claims against Reynolds Defendants. 
   
 Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry 
 Table of Contents 

Page  

Overview    
 
 22  

Individual Smoking and Health    
 
 26  

West Virginia IPIC    
 
 27  

Engle   and   Engle   Progeny Cases      
 
 27  

Broin   II      
 
 44  

Class Actions    
 
 44  

Filter Cases    
 
 48  

Health-Care Cost Recovery    
 
 48  

State Settlement Agreements Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments    
 
 53  

Other Litigation and Developments    
 
 58  

Overview 
   Introduction.  In connection with the B W business combination, RJR Tobacco agreed to indemnify B W and its affiliates against, among other things, certain litigation liabilities, costs and expenses incurred by B W or its affiliates arising out of the U.S. cigarette and tobacco business of B W. Also, as a result of the Lorillard Tobacco Merger, Lorillard Tobacco was merged into RJR Tobacco with RJR Tobacco being the surviving entity, Lorillard Tobacco ceasing to exist, and RJR Tobacco succeeding to Lorillard Tobacco s liabilities, including Lorillard Tobacco s litigation liabilities, costs and expenses. Although Lorillard Tobacco no longer exists as a result of the Lorillard Tobacco Merger, it will remain as a named party in cases pending on the date of the Lorillard Tobacco Merger until courts grant motions to substitute RJR Tobacco for Lorillard Tobacco or the claims are dismissed. The cases   
 22 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  discussed below include cases brought against RJR Tobacco  , Lorillard Tobacco   and   their   affiliates   and indemnitees  , including RAI  ,   RJR  ,   B W   and Lorillard  . Cases brought against SFNTC and RJR Vapor also are discussed.     
 During the third quarter of 2016, 30 tobacco-related cases were served against Reynolds Defendants. On September 30, 2016, there were, subject to the exclusions described immediately below, 292 cases pending against Reynolds Defendants: 275 in the United States and 17 in Canada, as compared with 262 total cases on September 30, 2015. Of the U.S. cases pending on September 30, 2016, 35 are pending in federal court, 239 in state court and one in tribal court, primarily in the following states: Illinois (48 cases); Maryland (46 cases); Florida (29 cases); New York (19 cases); Missouri (18 cases); California (15 cases); Massachusetts (15 cases); and New Mexico (14 cases). The U.S. case number excludes the approximately 564 individual smoker cases pending in West Virginia state court as a consolidated action, 2,888  Engle  Progeny cases, involving approximately 3,755 individual plaintiffs, and 2,421  Broin II  cases, pending in the United States against RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco or certain other Reynolds Defendants. 
 The following table lists the categories of the U.S. tobacco-related cases pending against Reynolds Defendants as of September 30, 2016, and the increase or decrease from the number of cases pending against Reynolds Defendants as of June 30, 2016, as reported in RAI s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2016, and a cross-reference to the discussion of each case type.  

*   
 
 Includes as one case the approximately 564 cases pending as a consolidated action  In Re: Tobacco Litigation Individual Personal Injury Cases , sometimes referred to as  West Virginia IPIC  cases, described below. The  West Virginia IPIC  cases have been separated from the Individual Smoking and Health cases for reporting purposes.     

**   
 
 The  Engle  Progeny cases have been separated from the Individual Smoking and Health cases for reporting purposes. The number of cases will fluctuate as cases are dismissed or if any of the dismissed cases are appealed.     

The Florida state court class-action case,  Engle v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. , and the related cases commonly referred to as  Engle  Progeny cases have attracted significant attention. After the Florida Supreme Court s 2006 ruling that members of the formerly certified class could file individual actions, roughly 10,000 claims or actions were filed in Florida state or federal courts before the deadline set by the Florida Supreme Court. No new or additional such claims may be filed. As reflected in the table above, 2,888  Engle  Progeny cases were pending as of September 30, 2016, that included claims asserted on behalf of 3,755 plaintiffs. Following an agreement to settle most  Engle  Progeny cases that remained pending in federal courts in the first quarter of 2015, nearly all  Engle  Progeny cases currently pending are in Florida state courts. Since 2009, there have been over 200  Engle  Progeny trials in Florida state or federal courts involving RJR Tobacco or Lorillard Tobacco. As described more fully immediately below in     Scheduled Trials   and    Trial Results ,  additional  Engle  Progeny cases involving RJR Tobacco are being tried and set for trial on an ongoing basis. Juries in  Engle  Progeny cases have awarded substantial amounts in compensatory and punitive damage awards, many of which currently are at various stages in the appellate process. RJR Tobacco and Lorillard Tobacco also have paid substantial amounts in compensatory and punitive damage awards in  Engle  Progeny cases. For a detailed description of these cases, see     Engle  and  Engle  Progeny cases  below.  
 23 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    In November 1998, the major U.S. cigarette manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco  ,   B W   and Lorillard Tobacco  , entered into the MSA with 46 U.S. states, Washington, D.C. and certain U.S. territories and possessions. These cigarette manufacturers previously settled four other cases, brought on behalf of Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Min  nesota, by separate agreements with each state. These State Settlement Agreements:  

settled all health-care cost recovery actions brought by, or on behalf of, the settling jurisdictions;     

released the major U.S. cigarette manufacturers from various additional present and potential future claims;     

imposed future payment obligations in perpetuity on RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco and other major U.S. cigarette manufacturers; and     

placed significant restrictions on their ability to market and sell cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products.     

 Payments under the State Settlement Agreements are subject to various adjustments for, among other things, the volume of cigarettes sold, relative market share, operating profit and inflation. See    Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases   State Settlement Agreements  below for a detailed discussion of the State Settlement Agreements, including RAI s operating subsidiaries  monetary obligations under these agreements. RJR Tobacco records the allocation of settlement charges as products are shipped. 
 Scheduled Trials.  Trial schedules are subject to change, and many cases are dismissed before trial. There are 37 cases, exclusive of  Engle  Progeny cases, scheduled for trial as of September 30, 2016 through September 30,   2017  , for RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco or their affiliates and indemnitees: six individual smoking and health cases, 24 Filter Cases, five  Broin II  cases and two other non-smoking and health cases. There are also approximately 194  Engle  Progeny cases against RJR Tobacco, B W and/or Lorillard Tobacco set for trial through September 30, 2017. It is not known how many of these cases will actually be tried. The number of  Engle  Progeny cases set for trial through September 30, 2017, includes 92  Engle  Progeny cases set for trial in Volusia County, Florida, but the trial court there has advised that no more than eight of those cases will be tried through September 30, 2017.  
 Trial Results.  From January 1, 2013 through September 30, 2016, 143 smoking and health,  Engle  Progeny, Filter and health-care cost recovery cases in which RJR Tobacco, B W and/or Lorillard Tobacco were defendants were tried, including eight trials for cases where mistrials were declared in the original proceedings. Verdicts in favor of RJR Tobacco, B W and Lorillard Tobacco and, in some cases, RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco and/or other defendants, were returned in 53 cases, tried in Florida (50), West Virginia (1), California (1) and New Jersey (1). There were also 18 mistrials. Verdicts in favor of the plaintiffs were returned in 65 cases tried in Florida, and one in California. Four cases in Florida were dismissed during trial. One case in Florida was a retrial only as to the amount of damages. In another case in Florida, the jury entered a partial verdict that did not include compensatory or punitive damages, and post-trial motions are pending.  
 In the third quarter of 2016, 11  Engle  Progeny cases in which RJR Tobacco and/or Lorillard Tobacco was a defendant were tried: 

In   Sermons v. Philip Morris USA Inc.  , the jury returned a verdict in favor of the plaintiff, found the decedent 80% at fault, RJR Tobacco 5% at fault, and the remaining defendant 15% at fault, and awarded $65,000 in compensatory damages and $17,075 in punitive damages against RJR Tobacco and $51,225 in punitive damages against the remaining defendant.     

In   Varner v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the jury returned a verdict in favor of RJR Tobacco but against the remaining defendant.     

In   Morales v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the court declared a mistrial due to the death of a juror s family member.     

In   Mathis v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the jury returned a verdict in favor of the plaintiff, found the decedent 45% at fault and RJR Tobacco 55% at fault, and awarded $5 million in compensatory damages.  Punitive damages were not awarded.     

In   Wilkins v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the jury returned a verdict in favor of RJR Tobacco.     

In   Coursey v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the jury returned a verdict in favor of RJR Tobacco.     

In   Jones v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the court declared a mistrial due to the potential bias of a seated juror.     

In   Hackimer v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the jury returned a verdict in favor of RJR Tobacco.     

In   Oshinsky-Blacker v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the jury returned a verdict in favor of the plaintiff, found the decedent 15% at fault, RJR Tobacco 25% at fault and the remaining defendant 60% at fault, and awarded $6.15 million in compensatory damages and $2 million in punitive damages against RJR Tobacco and $1 million in punitive damages against the remaining defendant.     

24 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

In   Sherry Smith v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the jury returned a verdict in favor of the plaintiff, found the decedent 35% at fault and RJR Tobacco 65% at fault, and awarded $3   million in compensatory damages.  Punitive damages were not awarded.     

In   Prentice v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the jury returned a verdict in favor of the plaintiff, found the decedent 60% at fault and RJR Tobacco 40% at fault, and awarded $6.4 million in compensatory damages. Although the jury found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages, it awarded $0 in punitive damages.     

 In addition, since the end of the third quarter of 2016, one other  Engle  Progeny case, in which RJR Tobacco was a defendant, was tried: 

In   Wallace v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the court declared a mistrial due to weather delays and juror unavailability.     

 For a detailed description of the above-described cases, see     Engle  and  Engle  Progeny Cases  below. 
 In the third quarter of 2016, no non- Engle  Progeny individual smoking and health cases, in which RJR Tobacco was a defendant, were tried. 
 In the third quarter of 2016, one Filter case, in which RJR Tobacco and/or Lorillard Tobacco was a defendant, was tried: 

In   Panzarella v. Charles B. Chrystal, Inc.  , the jury returned a verdict in favor of Lorillard Tobacco.     

For information on the verdicts in the  Engle  Progeny cases that have been tried and remain pending as of September 30, 2016, in which verdicts have been returned against RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco or B W, or all three, see the  Engle  Progeny cases charts at     Engle  and  Engle  Progeny Cases  below. The following chart reflects the verdicts in the non- Engle  Progeny smoking and health cases, health-care cost recovery cases or Filter Cases that have been tried and remain pending as of September 30, 2016, in which verdicts have been returned against RJR Tobacco, B W or Lorillard Tobacco, or all three. 

Date of 
 Verdict  

Case Name/Type  

Jurisdiction  

Verdict  

August 17, 2006  

United States v. Philip Morris USA, Inc. 
 [Governmental Health-Care Cost Recovery]  

U.S. District Court, District of 
 Columbia, (Washington, D.C.)  

RJR Tobacco, B W and Lorillard Tobacco were found liable for civil RICO claims; were enjoined from using certain brand descriptors and from making certain misrepresentations; and were ordered to make corrective communications on five subjects, including smoking and health and addiction, to reimburse the U.S. Department of Justice appropriate costs associated with the lawsuit, and to maintain document web sites.  

May 26, 2010  

Izzarelli v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. 
 [Individual]  

U.S. District Court, 
 District of 
 Connecticut, 
 (Bridgeport, CT)  

$13.76 million in compensatory damages; 58% of fault assigned to RJR Tobacco, which reduced the award to $8.08 million against RJR Tobacco; $3.97 million in punitive damages.  

September 13, 2013  

DeLisle v. A. W. Chesterton Co.  [Filter]   

Circuit Court, Broward County, (Ft. Lauderdale, FL)  

$8 million in compensatory damages; 44% of fault assigned to Lorillard Tobacco, which reduced the award to $3.52 million against Lorillard Tobacco.  

July 30, 2014  

Major v. Lorillard Tobacco Co.  [Individual]   

Superior Court, Los Angeles County, (Los Angeles, CA)  

$17.74 million in compensatory damages; 17% of fault assigned to Lorillard Tobacco.  

July 8, 2015  

Larkin v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. 
 [Individual]  

Circuit Court, Miami-Dade County, (Miami, FL)  

$4.96 million in compensatory damages; 62% of fault assigned to RJR Tobacco; $8.5 million in punitive damages.  

For information on the post-trial status of individual smoking and health cases, the governmental health-care cost recovery case and the Filter Cases, see    Individual Smoking and Health Cases,     Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases   U.S. Department of Justice Case,  and    Filter Cases,  respectively, below. 
   
 25 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
        Individual Smoking   and Health Cases  
 As of September 30, 2016, 125 individual cases were pending in the United States against RJR Tobacco, B W (as RJR Tobacco s indemnitee), Lorillard Tobacco or all three. This category of cases includes smoking and health cases alleging personal injuries caused by tobacco use or exposure brought by or on behalf of individual plaintiffs based on theories of negligence, strict liability, breach of express or implied warranty, and violations of state deceptive trade practices or consumer protection statutes. The plaintiffs seek to recover compensatory damages, attorneys  fees and costs, and punitive damages. The category does not include the  Broin II, Engle  Progeny, Filter Cases or  West Virginia IPIC  cases discussed below. One of the individual cases is brought by or on behalf of individual smokers or their survivors, while the other case is brought by or on behalf of an individual or his/her survivors alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to environmental tobacco smoke, referred to as ETS. 
 Below is a description of the non- Engle  Progeny individual smoking and health cases against RJR Tobacco, B W, and/or Lorillard Tobacco that went to trial or were decided during the period from January 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016, or remained on appeal as of September 30, 2016. 
 On May 26, 2010, in  Izzarelli v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (U.S.D.C. D. Conn., filed 1999), the jury awarded the plaintiff $13.76 million in compensatory damages on the negligence and strict liability claims, found RJR Tobacco 58% at fault and the plaintiff 42% at fault, and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. The plaintiff sought to recover damages for personal injuries allegedly sustained as a result of unsafe and unreasonably dangerous cigarette products and for economic losses she sustained as a result of supposed unfair trade practices. On December 5, 2010, the district court (1) awarded the plaintiff $3.97 million in punitive damages, (2) entered a judgment of $11.95 million, and (3) granted the plaintiff $15.8 million in offer of judgment interest through that date and, going forward, approximately $4,000 per day until entry of an amended judgment. In March 2011, the district court entered an amended judgment of approximately $28.1 million. RJR Tobacco appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, referred to as the Second Circuit, and the plaintiff cross appealed. In September 2013, the Second Circuit certified to the Connecticut Supreme Court the following question:  Does Comment i to section 402A of the Restatement (Second) of Torts preclude a suit premised on strict products liability against a cigarette manufacturer based on evidence that the defendant purposefully manufactured cigarettes to increase daily consumption without regard to the resultant increase in exposure to carcinogens, but in the absence of evidence of any adulteration or contamination?  The Connecticut Supreme Court accepted the certified question, and on April 26, 2016, answered the certified question  no.  On July 7, 2016, the Second Circuit ordered another round of briefing to be submitted after the Connecticut Supreme Court decides the questions certified to it in  Bifolck v. Philip Morris, Inc. , which is pending in the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut and raises certain issues of Connecticut product liability law that also are presented in the  Izzarelli  case.  The Connecticut Supreme Court heard oral argument in  Bifolck  on September 13, 2016, and a decision is pending.  
 On July 30, 2014, in  Major v. Lorillard Tobacco Co.  (Super. Ct. Los Angeles County, Cal., filed 2011), the jury awarded the plaintiff approximately $17.74 million in compensatory damages on the negligence and strict liability claims and found the plaintiff 50% at fault, Lorillard Tobacco 17% at fault, and RJR Tobacco and another manufacturer collectively 33% at fault. Punitive damages were not at issue. RJR Tobacco and the other manufacturer had been dismissed prior to trial. The plaintiffs alleged that as a result of the use of the defendants  products and exposure to asbestos, the decedent, William Major, suffered from lung cancer, and sought an unspecified amount of damages. In August 2014, the trial court entered an initial final judgment of approximately $3.9 million against Lorillard Tobacco. On July 1, 2015, the trial court entered an amended final judgment in the amount of approximately $3.78 million in compensatory damages, approximately $135,000 in costs, approximately $1.9 million in prejudgment interest, and post-judgment interest from August 25, 2014 in the amount of approximately $1,100 per day. Lorillard Tobacco appealed from the original and amended judgments, which appeals have been consolidated, and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of approximately $9.1 million. On October 20, 2015, the appellate court granted RJR Tobacco s motion to substitute itself for Lorillard Tobacco. Briefing is underway. 
 On July 8, 2015, in  Larkin v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2002) the jury awarded the plaintiff approximately $4.96 million in compensatory damages on the strict liability and intentional tort claims, found RJR Tobacco 62% at fault and the decedent 38% at fault, and awarded $8.5 million in punitive damages. The plaintiff alleged that as a result of using the defendant s products, the decedent suffered from mouth and lung cancer, and sought an unspecified amount of compensatory and punitive damages. In July 2015, the trial court entered judgment in the amount of approximately $13.46 million. On March 22, 2016, the trial court granted RJR Tobacco s motion for a new trial on claims of defective product and damages only and denied the remaining post-trial motions. The new trial has not been scheduled. In April 2016, RJR Tobacco appealed to the Third District Court of Appeal, referred to as DCA, and the plaintiff cross appealed. Briefing is underway. 
   On February 8, 2016, in  Pooshs v. Philip Morris USA, Inc.  (U.S.D.C. N.D. Cal., filed 2004) the jury returned a verdict in favor of the defendants, including RJR Tobacco. The plaintiff alleged that as a result of using the defendants  products, the plaintiff suffers  
 26 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  from   lung cancer. Final judgment was entered on February 9, 2016. The plaintiff filed a notice of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on March 9, 2016. Briefing is underway.   
     West Virginia IPIC 
 In re: Tobacco Litigation Individual Personal Injury Cases  (Cir. Ct. Ohio County, W. Va., filed beginning in 1999), is a series of roughly 1,200 individual cases asserting claims against Philip Morris USA Inc., Lorillard Tobacco, RJR Tobacco, B W and The American Tobacco Company based on alleged personal injuries .  The cases were consolidated for a Phase I trial on various defense conduct issues, to be followed in Phase II by individual trials of remaining claims. On May 15, 2013, the Phase I jury found that defendants  cigarettes were not defectively designed; defendants  cigarettes were not defective due to a failure to warn before July 1, 1969; defendants were not negligent, did not breach warranties, and did not engage in conduct warranting punitive damages; and defendants  ventilated filter cigarettes manufactured and sold between 1964 and July 1, 1969 were defective for a failure to instruct. In November 2014, the West Virginia Supreme Court affirmed the verdict. On June 8, 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the plaintiffs  petition for writ of certiorari. On the same date, the trial court issued an order finding that only 30 plaintiffs are alleged to have smoked ventilated filter cigarettes in the relevant period. On October 9, 2015, the trial court outlined the procedures for resolving the claims of the 30 Phase II plaintiffs, which claims will focus on whether plaintiffs blocked cigarette vents and, if so, whether blocking proximately caused their alleged injuries. Five cases were selected to be the first claims tried, and they were tentatively scheduled to be tried beginning on May 1,   2017  . In June 2016, the court granted the defendants  motion to compel and required the plaintiffs to file additional expert disclosures necessary to attempt to proceed with their claims. The court will set a revised discovery and trial schedule after the expert disclosures are tested for admissibility, and it pushed the tentative trial date to May 2018.   
 In addition to the foregoing claims, various plaintiffs in 1999 and 2000 asserted claims against retailers and distributors. Those claims were severed and stayed pending the outcome of Phase I. Also, 41 plaintiffs asserted smokeless tobacco claims against various smokeless manufacturers, including 14 claims against certain Reynolds Defendants. Those claims were severed from  IPIC  in 2001, and the plaintiffs took no action to prosecute the claims. They now seek to activate their smokeless claims. The defendants have moved to dismiss those claims since the plaintiffs took no action to prosecute them for 15 years. 
   Engle a  nd Engle Progeny Cases 
 In July 1998, trial began in  Engle v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.,  a then-certified class action filed in Circuit Court, Miami-Dade County, Florida ,  against U.S. cigarette manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco, Philip Morris USA Inc., and others. The then-certified class consisted of Florida citizens and residents, and their survivors, who suffered from smoking-related diseases that first manifested between May 5, 1990, and November 21, 1996, and were caused by an addiction to cigarettes. In July 1999, the jury in Phase I found against RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco and the other defendants on common issues relating to the defendants  conduct, general causation, the addictiveness of cigarettes, and entitlement to punitive damages. 
 On July 14, 2000, the jury in Phase II awarded the class a total of approximately $145 billion in punitive damages, which were apportioned $36.3 billion to RJR Tobacco, $17.6 billion to B W, and $16.3 billion to Lorillard Tobacco. The defendants appealed. 
 On December 21, 2006, the Florida Supreme Court prospectively decertified the class and set aside the jury s Phase II punitive damages award. But the court preserved certain of the jury s Phase I findings, including that cigarettes can cause certain diseases, nicotine is addictive, and defendants placed defective cigarettes on the market, breached duties of care, concealed health-related information, and conspired. The court also authorized former class members to file individual lawsuits within one year, and it stated that the preserved findings would have  res judicata  effect in those actions.  
 In the year after the Florida Supreme Court s  Engle  decision, putative class members filed thousands of individual actions against RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco, Philip Morris USA Inc., and the other  Engle  defendants, which actions commonly are referred to as  Engle  Progeny cases. As of September 30, 2016, 2,874  Engle  Progeny cases were pending in state courts, and 14  Engle  Progeny cases were pending in federal court. Those cases include claims by or on behalf of approximately 3,755 plaintiffs. As of September 30, 2016, RJR Tobacco also was aware of nine additional  Engle  Progeny cases that have been filed but not served. The number of pending cases fluctuates for a variety of reasons, including voluntary and involuntary dismissals. Voluntary dismissals include cases in which a plaintiff accepts an  offer of judgment,  referred to in Florida statutes as  proposals for settlement,  from RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco and/or RJR Tobacco s affiliates and indemnitees. An offer of judgment, if rejected by the plaintiff, preserves RJR Tobacco s and Lorillard Tobacco s right to recover attorneys  fees under Florida law in the event of a verdict favorable to RJR Tobacco or Lorillard Tobacco. Such offers are sometimes made through court-ordered mediations. 
   At the beginning of the  Engle  Progeny litigation, a central issue was the proper use of the preserved  Engle  findings. RJR Tobacco has argued that use of the  Engle  findings to establish individual elements of progeny claims (such as defect, negligence and concealment) is a violation of federal due process. In 2013, however, both the Florida Supreme Court and the U.S. Court of Appeals  
 27 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  for the Eleventh Circuit, referred to as the Eleventh Circuit, rejected that argument. As noted below, the Eleventh Circuit, this   time sitting   en banc  , recently heard argument on this issue again. In addition to this global due process argument, RJR Tobacco and Lorillard Tobacco raise many other factual and legal defenses as appropriate in each case. These defenses may include, among   other things, arguing that the plaintiff is not a proper member of the   Engle   class, that the plaintiff did not rely on any statements by any tobacco company, that the trial was conducted unfairly, that some or all claims are preempted or barred by applica  ble statutes of limitation, or that any injury was caused by the smoker s own conduct. In   Hess v. Philip Morris USA Inc.   and   Russo v. Philip Morris USA Inc.  , decided on April 2, 2015, the Florida Supreme Court held that, in   Engle   Progeny cases, the defenda  nts cannot raise a statute of repose defense to claims for concealment or conspiracy. On April 8, 2015, in   Graham v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the Eleventh Circuit held that federal law impliedly preempts use of the preserved   Engle   findings to establish   claims for strict liability or negligence. On January 21, 2016, the Eleventh Circuit granted the plaintiff s motion for rehearing   en banc   and vacated the panel decision. On March 23, 2016, the Eleventh Circuit requested briefing on the issues of whether pl  aintiff s claims are preempted and, if not, whether the defendants  due process rights are violated. Oral argument occurred on June 21, 2016. A decision is pending. On January 6, 2016, in   Marotta v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  , the Fourth DCA, disagreed wit  h the   Graham   panel decision and held that federal law does not impliedly preempt any tort claims against cigarette manufacturers, including those of   Engle   Progeny plaintiffs. The Florida Supreme Court has accepted jurisdiction in   Marotta,   and oral argument   is scheduled for November 1, 2016.  
 In June 2009, Florida amended its existing bond cap statute by adding a $200 million bond cap that applied to all  Engle  Progeny cases in the aggregate. In May 2011, Florida removed the provision that would have allowed the bond cap to expire on December 31, 2012. The bond cap for any given individual  Engle  Progeny case varies depending on the number of judgments on appeal at a given time, but never exceeds $5 million per case for appeals within the Florida state court system. The legislation, which became effective in June 2009 and 2011, applied to judgments entered after the original 2009 effective date. 
 During the first quarter of 2015, RJR Tobacco and Lorillard Tobacco, together with Philip Morris USA Inc., tentatively settled virtually all of the  Engle  Progeny cases then pending against them in federal district court. The total amount of the settlement was $100 million divided as follows: RJR Tobacco - $42.5 million; Philip Morris USA Inc. - $42.5 million; and Lorillard Tobacco - $15 million. In March 2015, RJR Tobacco and Lorillard Tobacco paid their shares of the settlement. The settlement, which received final approval from the court on November 6, 2015, covers more than 400 federal progeny cases but does not cover 12 federal progeny cases previously tried to verdict and currently pending on post-trial motions or appeal; and 2 federal progeny cases filed by different lawyers from the ones who negotiated the settlement for the plaintiffs. Between August 3, 2015 and January 4, 2016, RJR Tobacco and Philip Morris USA Inc. removed 39  Engle  Progeny cases from state to federal courts in Florida. These cases were not part of the settlement described above and were all remanded back to state court.  
 28 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    One hundred thirty-seven   Engle   Progeny cases have been tried in Florida state and federal courts since the beginning of 2013 through September 30, 2016, and additional state court trials are scheduled during 2016. Since the beginning of 2013 through September 30, 2016, RJR Tobacco   or Lorillard Tobacco has paid judgments in 40   Engle   Progeny cases. Those payments totaled $287.3 million and included $205.3 million for compensatory or punitive damages and $82 million for attorneys  fees and statutory interest. In addition, accruals for   compensatory and punitive damages and attorneys  fees and statutory interest for   Starr-Blundell  ,   Buonomo,     Wilcox,   and   Ward   (for attorneys  fees and interest only) were recorded in RAI s condensed consolidated balance sheet (unaudited) as of September 30,   2016. The following chart reflects the details of accrued compensatory and punitive damages related to   Starr-Blundell, Buonomo   and   Wilcox.  

(1)    
 
   Compensatory damages are adjusted to reflect the reduction that may be required by the allocation of fault. Punitive damages are not adjusted and reflect the amount of the final judgment(s) signed by the trial court judge(s). The amounts listed above do not include attorneys  fees or statutory interest of approximately $16.1 million or approximately $1.6 million in attorneys  fees or statutory interest in  Ward .    

The following chart lists judgments in all other individual  Engle  Progeny cases pending as of September 30, 2016, in which a verdict or judgment has been returned against RJR Tobacco, B W, and/or Lorillard Tobacco and the verdict or judgment has not been set aside on appeal. No liability for any of these cases has been recorded in RAI s condensed consolidated balance sheet (unaudited) as of September 30, 2016. This chart does not include the mistrials or verdicts returned in favor of RJR Tobacco, B W, and/or Lorillard Tobacco. 

Plaintiff Case Name  

RJR Tobacco 
 Allocation of 
 Fault  

Lorillard Tobacco 
 Allocation of 
 Fault  

Compensatory 
 Damages 
 (as adjusted) (1)   

Punitive 
 Damages  

Appeal Status  

Putney  

30%  

$  

$  
 
 2,500,000  

Fourth DCA reinstated the punitive damages awards of $2.5 million each against RJR Tobacco and the remaining defendant; court's opinion that previously granted remittitur of the compensatory damages awards still stands; remanded to trial court for further proceedings  

Andy Allen  

24%  

2,475,000  

7,756,000  

Pending - First DCA  

Calloway  

27%  

18%  

Fourth DCA granted rehearing  en banc  and substituted a new opinion, ordered a new trial based on improper argument; deadline for the plaintiff to file a notice to invoke the discretionary jurisdiction of the Florida Supreme Court is October 24, 2016  

James Smith  

55%  

600,000  

(2)   

20,000  

Pending   Eleventh Circuit  

Evers  

60%  

9%  

2,950,000  

12,360,000  

Second DCA reinstated punitive damage award of $12.36 million the trial court had set aside; the verdict was reinstated on remand; a subsequent appeal is pending in the Second DCA  

Schoeff  

75%  

7,875,000  

Pending   Florida Supreme Court  

29 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

30 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

(1)    
 
   Unless otherwise noted, compensatory damages in these cases are adjusted to reflect the jury s allocation of comparative fault. Punitive damages are not so adjusted. The amounts listed above do not include attorneys  fees or statutory interest that may apply to the judgments and such fees and interest may be material.    

(2)    
 
   The court did not apply comparative fault in the final judgment.    

(3)    
 
   Should the pending post-trial motions be denied, RJR Tobacco will likely file a notice of appeal with the appropriate appellate court.    

As reflected in the preceding chart, as of September 30, 2016, verdicts or judgments in favor of  Engle  Progeny plaintiffs have been entered and remain outstanding against RJR Tobacco or Lorillard Tobacco totaling $196,093,790 in compensatory damages (as adjusted) and $197,403,075 in punitive damages, which is a combined total of $393,496,865. These verdicts or judgments are at various stages in the post-trial or appellate process. RJR Tobacco believes that RJR Tobacco and Lorillard Tobacco have valid defenses in these cases, including case-specific issues beyond the due process issue discussed above, and, as described in more detail above in    Accounting for Tobacco-Related Litigation Contingencies,  RJR Tobacco and its affiliates vigorously defend smoking and health claims, including  Engle  Progeny cases. 
 Should RJR Tobacco or Lorillard Tobacco not prevail in any particular individual  Engle  Progeny case or determine that in any individual  Engle  Progeny case an unfavorable outcome has become probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, a loss would be recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. This position on loss recognition for  Engle  Progeny cases as of September 30, 2016, is consistent with RAI s and RJR Tobacco s historic position on loss recognition for other smoking and health litigation. It is also the policy of RJR Tobacco to record any loss concerning litigation at such time as an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated on an individual case-by-case basis. 
 Below is a description of the  Engle  Progeny cases against RJR Tobacco, B W, and/or Lorillard Tobacco that went to trial or were decided during the period from January 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016, or remained on appeal as of September 30, 2016, listed chronologically by the date of the verdict. In each case, the plaintiff: (1) alleged that the smoker was addicted to nicotine in cigarettes and, as a result of that addiction, suffered or died from one or more smoking-related diseases; (2) asserted claims based on theories of negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort; and (3) sought to recover unspecified compensatory damages, as well as attorneys  fees and costs. The plaintiffs in most, but not all, cases also sought to recover punitive damages. 
 On March 24, 2010, in  Cohen v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $10 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 33.3% at fault, RJR Tobacco 33.3% at fault, and the remaining defendant 33.3% at fault; and awarded a total of $20 million in punitive damages, including $10 million as to RJR Tobacco. In July 2010, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $3.33 million in compensatory damages and $10 million in punitive damages. In September 2010, the trial court entered an amended judgment that included interest from the date of the verdict. In September 2012, the Fourth DCA affirmed the liability finding and the compensatory damages award, but reversed the finding of entitlement to punitive damages, and remanded the case for a retrial limited to the issue of liability for concealment and conspiracy. After its April 2, 2015 ruling in  Hess v. Philip Morris USA Inc.,  that  Engle  Progeny defendants cannot raise a statute of repose defense to claims for concealment or conspiracy, the Florida Supreme Court, on January 29, 2016, accepted jurisdiction in  Cohen , quashed the Fourth DCA s decision, and reinstated the jury verdict. RJR Tobacco paid approximately $18.8 million on June 9, 2016, and approximately $840,000 in fees and interest in July 2016 in satisfaction of the judgment. 
   On April 13, 2010, in  Putney v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury in Phase I of the trial returned a verdict for the plaintiff. On April 26, 2010, the jury in Phase II of the trial found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $15.1 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 35% at fault, RJR Tobacco 30% at fault and the remaining defendants collectively 35% at fault; and awarded $2.5 million in punitive damages against each of RJR Tobacco and one of the remaining defendants. In August 2010, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $4.5 million in compensatory damages and $2.5 million in punitive damages. In December 2010, the trial court entered an amended final judgment to provide that interest would run from April 26, 2010. In June 2013, the Fourth DCA held that the trial court erred in  
 31 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  denying the defendants  motion for remittitur of the compensatory damages for loss of consortium and in striking the defendants  statute of repose affirmative de  fenses. As a result, the Fourth DCA reversed and remanded for further proceedings. After its April 2, 2015, ruling in   Hess v. Philip Morris USA Inc.   that   Engle   Progeny defendants cannot raise a statute of repose defense to claims for concealment or conspir  acy, the Florida Supreme Court, on February 1, 2016, accepted jurisdiction in   Putney  , quashed the Fourth DCA s decision and reinstated the verdict. On March 15, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court granted the defendants  motion for clarification in an order st  ating that remand was for reconsideration only on the issue of the statute of repose. On August 31, 2016, t  he Fourth DCA entered a new opinion following remand from the Florida Supreme Court. The court reinstated the punitive damages awards of $2.5 million   each against RJR Tobacco and the remaining defendant. The court s opinion that previously granted remittitur of the compensatory damages awards still stands. The matter is remanded to the trial court for further proceedings.     
 On April 21, 2010, in  Grossman v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), the jury, in Phase I of a retrial that followed a mistrial, returned a verdict for the plaintiff. On April 29, 2010, the jury in Phase II of the retrial found for the plaintiff on the strict liability claim and for RJR Tobacco on the negligence, warranty, and intentional tort claims; awarded $1.9 million in compensatory damages; found RJR Tobacco 25% at fault, the decedent 70% at fault, and the decedent s spouse 5% at fault; and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. In June 2010, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of approximately $484,000 in compensatory damages. In June 2012, the Fourth DCA affirmed the trial court s judgment, but remanded for a new trial on all Phase II issues. On July 31, 2013, the jury in the second retrial found for the plaintiff on the intentional tort claims, awarded $15.35 million in compensatory damages, found the decedent 25% at fault and RJR Tobacco 75% at fault, and awarded $22.5 million in punitive damages. The trial court entered final judgment in August 2013 and did not include a reduction for comparative fault. RJR Tobacco appealed, posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million, and the plaintiff cross appealed. Oral argument is scheduled for November 1, 2016.  
 On May 20, 2010, in  Buonomo v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $5.2 million in compensatory damages; found RJR Tobacco 77.5% at fault and the decedent 22.5% at fault; and awarded $25 million in punitive damages. In accordance with a Florida statute, the trial court later reduced the punitive damage award to $15.7 million   three times the compensatory damages award of $5.2 million and entered final judgment in the amount of $4.06 million in compensatory damages and $15.7 million in punitive damages. In September 2013, the Fourth DCA affirmed the judgment and damages award to the plaintiff on strict liability and negligence, held that the trial court was not bound to hold punitive damages at three times compensatory damages, and reversed the judgment entered for the plaintiff on the claims for fraudulent concealment and conspiracy to commit fraud by concealment due to the erroneous striking of RJR Tobacco s statute of repose defense. As a result, the punitive damages award was set aside and remanded for a new trial. In October 2014, the trial court found that the original $25 million punitive damages award was not excessive and would be reinstated if the plaintiff prevails on the repose issue and, in April 2015, entered an amended judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of approximately $29.1 million from which RJR Tobacco appealed. After its April 2, 2015, ruling in  Hess v. Philip Morris USA Inc.  that  Engle  Progeny defendants cannot raise a statute of repose defense to claims for concealment or conspiracy, the Florida Supreme Court, on January 26, 2016, accepted jurisdiction in  Buonomo , quashed the Fourth DCA s decision, and reinstated the jury verdict. RJR Tobacco s motion for clarification was denied on March 21, 2016. In the appeal of the amended final judgment, on September 22, 2016, the Fourth DCA affirmed the amended final judgment,  per curiam .  RJR Tobacco filed a motion for rehearing on October 7, 2016. A decision is pending. 
 On October 15, 2010, in  Frazier v. Philip Morris USA Inc . (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2007), a case now known as  Russo v. Philip Morris USA Inc. , a jury found for the defendants based on the statute of limitations. In February 2011, the trial court entered final judgment for the defendants. In April 2012, the Third DCA reversed the trial court s judgment, directed entry of judgment in the plaintiff s favor and ordered a new trial. On April 2, 2015, the Florida Supreme Court, in its ruling in  Hess v. Philip Morris USA Inc. , approved the decision of the Third DCA. On April 23, 2015, the jury found for the defendants, including RJR Tobacco, on the issue of addiction causation, and the trial court entered final judgment for the defendants in May 2015. In June 2015, the plaintiff appealed to the Third DCA, and the defendants cross appealed. Oral argument occurred on October 4, 2016. A decision is pending.  
   On April 26, 2011, in  Andy Allen v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Duval County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $6 million in compensatory damages; found RJR Tobacco 45% at fault, the decedent 40% at fault, and the remaining defendant 15% at fault; and awarded $17 million in punitive damages against each defendant. The trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $19.7 million in May 2011 and, in October 2011, entered a remittitur of the punitive damages to $8.1 million. In May 2013, the First DCA reversed and remanded the case for a new trial. On November 24, 2014, the jury in the retrial found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $3.1 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 70% at fault, RJR Tobacco 24% at fault, and the remaining defendant to be 6% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On November 26, 2014, the jury awarded approximately $7.75 million in punitive damages against each defendant. In August 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco and the remaining defendant, jointly and severally, in the amount of  
 32 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  approximately $3.1 million in compensatory damages and $7.75 million in punitive damages from each defendant. In September 2015, the defendants filed a notice of appeal to the First DCA, and RJR   Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of approximately $2.5 million.  Oral argument is scheduled for November 2, 2016.  
 On June 16, 2011, in  Soffer v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Alachua County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for RJR Tobacco on the intentional tort claims, awarded $5 million in compensatory damages, found RJR Tobacco 40% at fault and the decedent 60% at fault, and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. The trial court later entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $2 million. In October 2012, the First DCA affirmed the trial court s ruling finding that only intentional torts could support a punitive damages claim and that  Engle  Progeny plaintiffs may not seek punitive damages for negligence or strict liability because the original  Engle  class did not seek punitive damages for those claims. On March 17, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court held that an  Engle  Progeny plaintiff may seek punitive damages for negligence and strict liability, but must satisfy the statutory requirements to demonstrate entitlement to punitive damages. The case was remanded to the First DCA and then to the trial court for further proceedings consistent with the opinion. After further evaluation of the case, RJR Tobacco paid approximately $5.12 million in satisfaction of the judgment on August 1, 2016. 
 On July 15, 2011, in  Ciccone v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2004), a jury in Phase I found the plaintiff to be a member of the  Engle  class. On July 21, 2011, the jury in Phase II found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and gross negligence claims and for RJR Tobacco on the intentional tort claim, awarded approximately $3.2 million in compensatory damages, found the decedent 70% at fault and RJR Tobacco 30% at fault, and awarded $50,000 in punitive damages. In September 2011, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of approximately $1.01 million. In August 2013, the Fourth DCA affirmed the trial court s judgment, but reversed the punitive damages award and remanded for entry of a final judgment that eliminates the punitive damages award. On March 24, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court held that manifestation for purposes of establishing membership in the  Engle  class means the point at which the plaintiff began suffering from or experiencing symptoms of a tobacco-related disease or medical condition. Under the definition adopted by the court, the plaintiff does not need to have been formally diagnosed or know that the symptoms were tobacco-related prior to the cut-off date for class membership. The portion of the Fourth DCA s decision regarding punitive damages based on  Soffer , described above, was quashed. The case was remanded to the Fourth DCA for further proceedings consistent with the opinion. On May 11, 2016, the Fourth DCA entered a  per curiam  opinion consistent with the Florida Supreme Court s opinion, and affirmed the final judgment in all respects. RJR Tobacco paid approximately $3.7 million on June 17, 2016, and $500,000 in fees and interest on July 18, 2016, in satisfaction of the judgment. 
 On January 24, 2012, in  Hallgren v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Highlands County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $2 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 50% at fault, RJR Tobacco 25% at fault, and the remaining defendant 25% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On January 26, 2012, the jury awarded $750,000 in punitive damages against each defendant. In March 2012, the trial court entered final judgment in the amount of approximately $1 million for which RJR Tobacco and the other defendant are jointly and severally liable; and $750,000 in punitive damages against each defendant. In October 2013, the Second DCA affirmed the trial court s ruling that punitive damages can be awarded for negligence and strict liability claims as well as for the intentional tort claims brought under  Engle . The court certified a conflict with the First DCA s decision in  Soffer  and the Fourth DCA s decision in  Ciccone . The court also certified the following question to be of great public importance    Are members of the  Engle  class who pursue individual damages actions in accordance with the decision in  Engle v. Liggett Group, Inc. , entitled to pursue punitive damages under claims for strict liability and negligence?  In June 2014, the Florida Supreme Court stayed the petition pending disposition of  Russo v. Philip Morris USA Inc.,  described above, and in April 2015, stayed the petition pending disposition of  Soffer , described above .  On January 12, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court declined to accept jurisdiction. RJR Tobacco paid approximately $2.24 million on June 7, 2016, and $105,000 in fees and interest on July 21, 2016, in satisfaction of the judgment. 
 On May 17, 2012, in  Calloway v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $20.5 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 20.5% at fault, RJR Tobacco 27% at fault, Lorillard Tobacco 18% at fault, and the remaining defendants collectively 34.5% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On May 31, 2012, the jury awarded punitive damages in the amount of $17.25 million against RJR Tobacco, $12.6 million against Lorillard Tobacco, and $25 million collectively against the remaining defendants. The trial court later determined that the jury s apportionment of comparative fault did not apply to the compensatory damages award and, in August 2012, entered final judgment. On January 6, 2016, the Fourth DCA reversed the fraudulent concealment and conspiracy claims, reversed the punitive damages award, and remanded the case for a new trial on those issues. On September 23, 2016, the Fourth DCA, sitting  en banc,  reversed the judgment in its entirety and remanded the case for a new trial.  The new trial has not been scheduled.   The deadline for the plaintiff to file a notice to invoke the discretionary jurisdiction of the Florida Supreme Court is October 24, 2016.   
   On August 1, 2012, in  Hiott v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Duval County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $1.83 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent  
 33 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  60% at fault and RJR Tobacco 40% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On August 2, 2012, the jury awarded $0 in punitive damages. In November 2012, the trial court entered final judgment agai  nst RJR Tobacco in the amount of $730,000. In January 2014, the First DCA affirmed the trial court s decision, and RJR Tobacco filed a notice to invoke the discretionary jurisdiction of the Florida Supreme Court.   On February 2, 2016, the Florida Supreme Co  urt declined to accept jurisdiction of the case. RJR Tobacco paid approximately $4.1 million in satisfaction of the judgment on July 1, 2016.  
 On October 17, 2012, in  James Smith v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $600,000 in compensatory damages; found the decedent 45% at fault and RJR Tobacco 55% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On October 18, 2012, the jury awarded $20,000 in punitive damages. The trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $620,000. RJR Tobacco appealed to the Eleventh Circuit and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of approximately $620,000. Oral argument occurred on October 17, 2014. A decision is pending. 
 On February 11, 2013, in  Evers v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Hillsborough County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $3.23 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 31% at fault, RJR Tobacco 60% at fault and Lorillard Tobacco 9% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages from RJR Tobacco but not from Lorillard Tobacco. On February 12, 2013, the jury awarded $12.36 million in punitive damages against RJR Tobacco. In March 2013, the trial court granted the defendants  post-trial motions for directed verdict on fraudulent concealment, conspiracy and punitive damages and set aside the $12.36 million punitive damages award. The trial court entered final judgment in the amount of $1.77 million against RJR Tobacco and approximately $266,000 against Lorillard Tobacco. On November 6, 2015, the Second DCA concluded that the trial court erred in granting the defendants  motion for directed verdict on claims for fraud by concealment and conspiracy to commit fraud by concealment, and reversed and reinstated the jury s verdict on those two claims. As a result, the punitive damages award was reinstated. On remand, the jury s verdict was reinstated. On March 14, 2016, the trial court entered an amended final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $2.95 million in compensatory damages and $12.36 million in punitive damages.  In April 2016, RJR Tobacco appealed to the Second DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million. Briefing is underway. 
 On February 13, 2013, in  Schoeff v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $10.5 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 25% at fault and RJR Tobacco 75% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On February 14, 2013, the jury awarded $30 million in punitive damages. In April 2013, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $7.88 million in compensatory damages and $30 million in punitive damages. On November 4, 2015, the Fourth DCA reversed the punitive damages portion of the final judgment and remanded the case to the trial court, directing the trial court to grant RJR Tobacco s motion for remittitur and, if RJR Tobacco does not agree with the remitted amount, to hold a new trial on punitive damages. On May 26, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court accepted jurisdiction of the case. Briefing is underway. 
 On March 20, 2013, in  Marotta v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), the jury, in a retrial following a mistrial, found for the plaintiff on the strict liability claim and for RJR Tobacco on the negligence and intentional tort claims, awarded $6 million in compensatory damages, found the decedent 42% at fault and RJR Tobacco 58% at fault, and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. The trial court later entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $3.48 million. On January 6, 2016, the Fourth DCA affirmed, disagreeing with the Eleventh Circuit panel decision in  Graham , discussed below, regarding whether the plaintiff s claims are preempted. On March 8, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court accepted jurisdiction of the case. Oral argument is scheduled for November 1, 2016. 
 On April 1, 2013, in  Searcy v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $6 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 40% at fault, RJR Tobacco 30% at fault and the remaining defendant 30% at fault; and awarded $10 million in punitive damages against each defendant. The trial court later entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $6 million in compensatory damages and $10 million in punitive damages. In September 2013, the trial court granted the defendants  motion for a new trial, or in the alternative, reduction or remittitur of the damages awarded to the extent it sought remittitur of the damages. The compensatory damage award was remitted to $1 million, and the punitive damage award was remitted to $1.67 million against each defendant. The plaintiff filed a notice of acceptance of remittitur in November 2013, and the trial court issued an amended final judgment. The defendants appealed to the Eleventh Circuit, and RJR Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of approximately $2.2 million. Oral argument occurred on October 17, 2014, and a decision is pending.  
   On May 2, 2013, in  David Cohen v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded $2.06 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 40% at fault, RJR Tobacco 30% at fault, Lorillard Tobacco 20% at fault and the remaining defendant 10% at fault; and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. In May 2013, the trial court entered  
 34 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $617,000     and against Lorillard Tobacco in the amount of approximately $411,000.   In July 2013, the court granted the defendants  motion for a new trial due to the plaintiff s improper arguments during closing. The new trial date has not been scheduled. The plaintif  f filed a notice of appeal to the Fourth DCA, and the defendants filed a notice of cross appeal. On September 7, 2016, the Fourth DCA affirmed the trial court s order granting RJR Tobacco s motion for a new trial.   The plaintiff filed a notice to invoke the   discretionary jurisdiction of the Florida Supreme Court on October 10, 2016.  A decision is pending.      
 On May 23, 2013, in  Earl Graham v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded $2.75 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 70% at fault, RJR Tobacco 20% at fault, and the remaining defendant 10% at fault, and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. In May 2013, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $550,000. On April 8, 2015, the Eleventh Circuit reversed and ordered entry of judgment for RJR Tobacco. The Eleventh Circuit held that federal law impliedly preempts claims for strict liability and negligence based on the defect and negligence findings from  Engle . On January 21, 2016, the plaintiff s motion for rehearing  en banc  was granted, and the panel s decision was vacated. On March 23, 2016, the Eleventh Circuit requested briefing on the issues of whether plaintiff s claims are preempted and, if not, whether the defendants  due process rights are violated. Oral argument occurred on June 21, 2016, and a decision is pending. 
 On June 4, 2013, in  Starr-Blundell v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Duval County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded $500,000 in compensatory damages; found the decedent 80% at fault, RJR Tobacco 10% at fault and the remaining defendant 10% at fault; and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. In November 2013, the trial court entered final judgment in the amount of $50,000 against each defendant. On May 29, 2015, the First DCA affirmed the final judgment of the trial court,  per curiam . On June 29, 2015, the plaintiff filed a notice to invoke the discretionary jurisdiction of the Florida Supreme Court. On July 7, 2015, the Florida Supreme Court stayed the petition pending disposition of  Soffer , described above. On May 24, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court accepted jurisdiction of the case, quashed the decision of the First DCA, and remanded the case for reconsideration in light of  Soffer . On September 6, 2016, the First DCA,  per curiam , reversed and remanded its May 29, 2015 opinion to the trial court for reconsideration in light of the decision in  Soffer . The deadline for the plaintiff to file a petition for writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court is December 5, 2016. 
 On June 14, 2013, in  Skolnick v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded $2.56 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 40% at fault, RJR Tobacco 30% at fault and the remaining defendant 30% at fault; and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. In July 2013, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $766,500. On July 15, 2015, the Fourth DCA set aside the judgment and ordered a partial new trial finding that the strict liability and negligence claims, on which the plaintiff had prevailed, were barred by a prior settlement entered into by the plaintiff in a separate action. The Fourth DCA also held that the plaintiff s concealment and conspiracy claims, on which the defendants had prevailed, must be re-tried due to an erroneous jury instruction on the statute of repose. The  new trial has not been scheduled .  
 On June 19, 2013, in  Thibault v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Escambia County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $1.75 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 30% at fault and RJR Tobacco 70% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On June 21, 2013, the jury awarded $1.28 million in punitive damages. In June 2013, after determining that comparative fault did not apply to reduce the amount of the verdict, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $3.03 million. On October 13, 2014, the First DCA affirmed the trial court s judgment,  per curiam . The First DCA also certified a conflict to the Florida Supreme Court with  Hess v. Philip Morris USA Inc. , described above. On February 2, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court declined to accept jurisdiction of the case. RJR Tobacco paid approximately $5 million in satisfaction of the judgment on July 1, 2016. 
 On September 20, 2013, in  Gafney v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded $5.8 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 34% at fault, RJR Tobacco 33% at fault and Lorillard Tobacco 33% at fault; and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. In September 2013, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $1.9 million and against Lorillard Tobacco in the amount of $1.9 million. On March 23, 2016, the Fourth DCA reversed the judgment of the trial court and remanded for a new trial due to improper comments made to the jury during plaintiff s counsel s closing arguments. In August 2016, the Florida Supreme Court declined to accept jurisdiction of the case.  The deadline for the plaintiff to file a petition for writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court is November 28, 2016.  
   On February 3, 2014, in  Deshaies v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2008), a jury found that the plaintiff was not addicted to cigarettes containing nicotine, which resulted in a verdict for RJR Tobacco. In February 2014, the trial court  
 35 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  entered final judgment in RJR Tobacco s favor. The   plaintif  f appealed to the Eleventh Circuit.     On July 27, 2016, the Eleventh Circuit dismissed the case for failure to prosecute.  
 On February 27, 2014, in  Banks v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded $0 in compensatory damages; found the decedent 85% at fault, RJR Tobacco 15% at fault, and the remaining defendant 0% at fault; and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. In May 2014, the trial court entered final judgment in favor of RJR Tobacco and the other defendant. The plaintiff appealed to the Fourth DCA, and the defendants cross appealed. Oral argument occurred on October 18, 2016. A decision is pending. 
 On March 17, 2014, in  Clayton v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Duval County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for RJR Tobacco on the intentional tort claims, awarded $600,000 in compensatory damages, found the decedent 90% at fault and RJR Tobacco 10% at fault, and found that the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. In July 2014, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $60,000 in compensatory damages, together with $163,469 in taxable costs, for a total of $223,469. On October 26, 2015, the First DCA affirmed the final judgment,  per curiam . On November 25, 2015, the plaintiff filed a notice to invoke the discretionary jurisdiction of the Florida Supreme Court. The Florida Supreme Court stayed proceedings pending disposition of  Soffer , described above. On May 24, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court accepted jurisdiction of the case, quashed the decision of the First DCA, and remanded the case for reconsideration upon application of the Florida Supreme Court s ruling in  Soffer . RJR Tobacco paid approximately $2.74 million in satisfaction of the judgment on July 14, 2016. 
 On May 15, 2014, in  Burkhart v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $5 million in compensatory damages; found the plaintiff 50% at fault, RJR Tobacco 25% at fault, Lorillard Tobacco 10% at fault and the remaining defendant 15% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On May 16, 2014, the jury awarded punitive damages of $1.25 million against RJR Tobacco, $500,000 against Lorillard Tobacco, and $750,000 against the remaining defendant. In June 2014, the trial court entered final judgment without a reduction for comparative fault. The defendants appealed to the Eleventh Circuit. Oral argument occurred on September 29, 2015. A decision is pending. 
 On June 23, 2014, in  Bakst v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2007), a case now known as  Odom v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. , a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded approximately $6 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 25% at fault and RJR Tobacco 75% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On June 23, 2014, the jury awarded $14 million in punitive damages. The trial court later entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $4.5 million in compensatory damages and $14 million in punitive damages. RJR Tobacco appealed to the Fourth DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million. Oral argument occurred on September 27, 2016. A decision is pending. 
 On July 17, 2014, in  Robinson v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Escambia County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $16.9 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 29.5% at fault and RJR Tobacco 70.5% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On July 18, 2014, the jury awarded $23.6 billion in punitive damages. In July 2014, the trial court entered partial judgment on compensatory damages against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $16.9 million. On January 27, 2015, the trial court remitted the punitive damages award to approximately $16.9 million. In February 2015, RJR Tobacco filed an objection to the remitted award of punitive damages and a demand  for a new trial  on damages. The trial court granted a new trial on the amount of punitive damages only. The new trial on punitive damages has been stayed pending RJR Tobacco s appeal to the First DCA of the partial judgment of compensatory damages and of the order granting a new trial on the amount of punitive damages only. RJR Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million. Briefing on the merits is complete. Oral argument occurred on May 24, 2016. A decision is pending. 
 On July 31, 2014, in  Harris v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded $400,000 in compensatory damages for the wrongful death claim and $1.3 million in compensatory damages for the survival claim; allocated fault to the decedent (60% survival/70% wrongful death), RJR Tobacco (15% survival/10% wrongful death), Lorillard Tobacco (10% survival/10% wrongful death), and the remaining defendant (15% survival/10% wrongful death), and found that the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. In December 2014, the trial court entered final judgment. Post-trial motions are pending, but in April 2015, the court stayed all post-trial proceedings pending resolution of the petition for  en banc  consideration in  Graham , described above. 
   On August 27, 2014, in  Wilcox v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $7 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 30% at fault and RJR Tobacco 70% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On August 28,  
 36 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  2014, the jury awarded $8.5 million in punitive dama  ges. In September 2014, final judgment was entered against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $4.9 million in compensatory damages and $8.5 million in punitive damages. RJR Tobacco appealed   to the Third DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 milli  on. On July 27, 2016, the Third DCA affirmed the final judgment,   per curiam  . The deadline for RJR Tobacco to file a petition for writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court is October 25, 2016.  
 On August 27, 2014, in  Hubbird v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional torts claims; awarded $3 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 50% at fault and RJR Tobacco 50% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On August 29, 2014, the jury awarded $25 million in punitive damages. The trial court later entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $28 million. RJR Tobacco appealed to the Third DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million. Oral argument occurred on May 16, 2016. On June 1, 2016, the Third DCA affirmed the final judgment,  per curiam . After further evaluation of the case, RJR Tobacco paid approximately $30.5 million in satisfaction of the judgment on September 1, 2016. 
 On August 28, 2014, in  Irimi v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and certain intentional tort claims and for one or more defendants on certain intentional tort claims; awarded approximately $3.1 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 70% at fault, RJR Tobacco 14.5% at fault, Lorillard Tobacco 14.5% at fault and the remaining defendant 1% at fault; and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. The trial court entered final judgment against each of RJR Tobacco and Lorillard Tobacco in the amount of approximately $453,000 and against the remaining defendant in the amount of approximately $31,000. On January 29, 2015, the court granted the defendants  motion for a new trial. The plaintiff appealed to the Fourth DCA, and the defendants cross appealed. Briefing is underway. 
 On October 10, 2014, in  Lourie v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Hillsborough County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded approximately $1.37 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 63% at fault, RJR Tobacco 3% at fault, Lorillard Tobacco 7% at fault and the remaining defendant 27% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. The trial court later entered final judgment. The defendants appealed to the Second DCA in November 2014. RJR Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of approximately $41,000, and Lorillard Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $96,000. On August 10, 2016, the Second DCA affirmed the final judgment. The defendants filed a notice to invoke the discretionary jurisdiction of the Florida Supreme Court on September 8, 2016. On September 9, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court stayed proceedings pending disposition of  Marotta v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.,  described above. 
 On October 20, 2014, in  Kerrivan v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $15.8 million in compensatory damages; found the plaintiff 19% at fault, RJR Tobacco 31% at fault and the remaining defendant 50% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On October 22, 2014, the jury awarded $9.6 million in punitive damages against RJR Tobacco and $15.7 million against the remaining defendant. In November 2014, the trial court entered final judgment. RJR Tobacco filed its post-trial motions on December 11, 2014. In May 2015, the trial court deferred briefing and directed the parties to notify the court when the mandate has been issued in  Graham  or  Searcy , described above.  
 On November 5, 2014, in  Bishop v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Orange County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found that the decedent was not a class member, which resulted in a verdict for the defendants, including RJR Tobacco. In November 2014, the trial court entered final judgment. The plaintiff appealed to the Fifth DCA, and the defendants cross appealed. On September 27, 2016, the Fifth DCA affirmed the final judgment,  per curiam .  The deadline for the plaintiff to file a notice to invoke the discretionary jurisdiction of the Florida Supreme Court is October 27, 2016. 
 On November 18, 2014, in  Schleider v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and certain intentional tort claims and for RJR Tobacco on certain intentional tort claims, awarded $21 million in compensatory damages, found the decedent 30% at fault and RJR Tobacco 70% at fault, and found that the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. In June 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $14.7 million. RJR Tobacco appealed to the Third DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million. Briefing is underway. 
   On November 21, 2014, in  Perrotto v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded $4.1 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 49% at fault, RJR Tobacco 20% at fault, Lorillard Tobacco 6% at fault and the remaining defendant 25% at fault; and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. Final judgment was entered against RJR Tobacco in the amount of approximately $ 818,000  and against Lorillard Tobacco in the amount of approximately $245,000. In May  
 37 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  2016, the court granted   the plaintiff s motion for a new trial on punitive damages but denied it in all other respects. The new trial is scheduled to begin June 5, 2017.  
 On December 19, 2014, in  Haliburton v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found that the plaintiff s claims were time-barred, which resulted in a verdict for RJR Tobacco. On April 14, 2015, the trial court entered final judgment in favor of RJR Tobacco. The plaintiff appealed to the Fourth DCA, and RJR Tobacco cross appealed. Briefing is complete. Oral argument has not been scheduled. 
 On January 29, 2015, in  Ellen Gray v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for RJR Tobacco on the intentional tort claims, awarded $6 million in compensatory damages, and found the decedent 50% at fault and RJR Tobacco 50% at fault. Although the jury ignored an instruction on the verdict form and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages, there was no punitive damage award. In February 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $3 million. Post-trial motions are pending. On June 10, 2015, the court granted RJR Tobacco s motion to stay the case pending resolution of the petition for  en banc  consideration in  Earl   Graham , described above.  
 On February 10, 2015, in  Hecht v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2008), a jury found that the plaintiff s claims were time-barred, which resulted in a verdict in favor of RJR Tobacco. Post-trial proceedings have been stayed until resolution of the petition for  en banc  consideration in  Graham , described above. However, the trial court entered final judgment in favor of RJR Tobacco on January 7, 2016. On February 2, 2016, the plaintiff appealed to the Eleventh Circuit. Briefing is complete. Oral argument has not been scheduled. 
 On February 11, 2015, in  Sowers v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for RJR Tobacco on the intentional tort claims, awarded $4.25 million in compensatory damages, found the decedent 50% at fault and RJR Tobacco 50% at fault, and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. On February 12, 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of approximately $2.13 million. Post-trial motions are pending. On April 17, 2015, the court stayed post-trial proceedings until resolution of the petition for  en banc  consideration in  Graham , described above. 
 On February 24, 2015, in  Caprio v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury advised the trial court that it could not reach a unanimous verdict, but the trial court directed the jury to complete the verdict form on those individual verdict questions where there was unanimous agreement. In the partially completed verdict, the jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; found the plaintiff 40% at fault, RJR Tobacco 20% at fault, Lorillard Tobacco 10% at fault, and the remaining defendants 30% at fault; and awarded $559,000 in economic damages. The jury did not answer the verdict form questions relating to noneconomic damages and entitlement to punitive damages. In May 2015, the court denied the defendants  motion for a mistrial and advised that it accepted the questions answered by the jurors as a partial verdict. A new trial will be held on the remaining issues, including comparative fault allocation. The defendants appealed to the Fourth DCA, and briefing is complete. Oral argument has not been scheduled. 
 On February 26, 2015, in  Zamboni v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded the plaintiff $340,000 in compensatory damages; found the decedent 60% at fault, RJR Tobacco 30% at fault and the remaining defendant 10% at fault; and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. Post-trial motions are pending. The court stayed the case pending resolution of the petition for  en banc  consideration in  Earl   Graham , described above. 
 On March 23, 2015, in  Pollari v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $10 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 15% at fault, RJR Tobacco 42.5% at fault and the remaining defendant 42.5% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On March 25, 2015, the jury awarded $1.5 million in punitive damages against each defendant. The trial court later entered final judgment against the defendants in the amount of $10 million in compensatory damages and, against each defendant, $1.5 million in punitive damages. On January 12, 2016, the trial court entered a second amended final judgment against RJR Tobacco that awarded $4.25 million in compensatory damages and $1.5 million in punitive damages. The defendants appealed to the Fourth DCA, RJR Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $2.5 million, and the plaintiff cross appealed. Briefing is underway. 
   On March 26, 2015, in  Gore v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Indian River County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury, in a trial following a mistrial, found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $2 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 54% at fault, RJR Tobacco 23% at fault and the remaining defendant 23% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. In September 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR  
 38 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  Tobacco and the remaining defendant, each in the amount of $460,000. RJR Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $460,000 i  n September 2015, and in October 2015, the defendants appealed to the Fourth DCA, and the plaintiff cross appealed. Briefing is underway.  
 On April 17, 2015, in  Ryan v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury, in a retrial following a mistrial, found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $21.5 million in compensatory damages; found the plaintiff 35% at fault and RJR Tobacco 65% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On April 21, 2015, the jury awarded $25 million in punitive damages. In May 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $21.5 million in compensatory damages and $25 million in punitive damages. On April 29, 2016, the court entered an amended final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of approximately $14 million in compensatory damages and $25 million in punitive damages. RJR Tobacco filed a notice of appeal to the Fourth DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million on May 27, 2016. Briefing is underway. 
 On June 18, 2015, in  Hardin v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for RJR Tobacco on the intentional tort claims, awarded $776,000 in compensatory damages, found the decedent 87% at fault and RJR Tobacco 13% at fault, and found that the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. In June 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $100,880. Post-trial motions were denied in January 2016. The plaintiff appealed to the Third DCA, and RJR Tobacco cross appealed. Briefing is underway, and oral argument is scheduled for December 5, 2016.  
 On July 13, 2015, in  McCoy v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $1.5 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 35% at fault, RJR Tobacco 25% at fault, Lorillard Tobacco 20% at fault and the remaining defendant 20% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On July 17, 2015, the jury awarded $3 million in punitive damages against each defendant. In August 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco, RJR Tobacco as successor-by-merger to Lorillard Tobacco, and the remaining defendant, jointly and severally, in the amount of $1.5 million in compensatory damages and, against each of them, $3 million in punitive damages. On January 4, 2016, the trial court entered an amended final judgment in the amount of $370,000 in compensatory damages and $3 million in punitive damages against RJR Tobacco, $300,000 in compensatory damages and $3 million in punitive damages against RJR Tobacco as successor-by-merger to Lorillard Tobacco, and $300,000 in compensatory damages and $3 million in punitive damages against the remaining defendant. RJR Tobacco appealed to the Fourth DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of approximately $3.35 million, and the plaintiff filed a notice of cross appeal. Briefing is underway.  
 On July 29, 2015, in  Collar v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Indian River County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found that the plaintiff was not a class member, which resulted in a verdict for the defendants, including RJR Tobacco. In September 2015, the trial court entered final judgment. The plaintiff appealed to the Fourth DCA, and the defendants cross appealed. Briefing is underway. 
 On August 6, 2015, in  Block v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded approximately $1.03 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 50% at fault and RJR Tobacco 50% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On August 7, 2015, the jury awarded $800,000 in punitive damages. In September 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of approximately $926,000 in compensatory damages and $800,000 in punitive damages. On December 9, 2015, the trial court granted RJR Tobacco s motion to alter or amend the judgment in part in light of the Fourth DCA s decision in  Schoeff v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. , described above, finding that the intentional tort exception in Section 768.81, Florida Statutes, does not apply to the fraud and conspiracy claims brought by  Engle  Progeny plaintiffs. As a result, an amended final judgment was entered in the amount of approximately $463,000 in compensatory damages and $800,000 in punitive damages. RJR Tobacco appealed to the Fourth DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of approximately $1.3 million, and the plaintiff filed a notice of cross appeal. Briefing is underway. 
 On September 1, 2015, in  Lewis v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Volusia County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for RJR Tobacco on the intentional tort claims, awarded $750,000 in compensatory damages, found the decedent 75% at fault and RJR Tobacco 25% at fault, and found that the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. Final judgment was entered against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $187,500 in March 2016. RJR Tobacco appealed to the Fifth DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $187,500. Briefing is underway. 
   On September 8, 2015, in  Cooper v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded $4.5 million in compensatory damages; found the plaintiff 50% at fault, RJR Tobacco 40% at fault and the remaining defendant 10% at fault; and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. Post-trial motions were denied on December 2, 2015. In February 2016, the  
 39 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  trial court   entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of approximately $1.2 million. The defendants appealed to the Fourth DCA, and the plaintiff cross appealed. RJR Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of approximately $1.2 million. Briefing   is underway.  
 On September 10, 2015, in  Duignan v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Pinellas County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $6 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 33% at fault, RJR Tobacco 30% at fault, and the remaining defendant 37% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On September 11, 2015, the jury awarded $2.5 million in punitive damages against RJR Tobacco and $3.5 million in punitive damages against the remaining defendant. The trial court later entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco and the remaining defendant in the amount of $6 million in compensatory damages and $2.5 million in punitive damages against RJR Tobacco and $3.5 million in punitive damages against the remaining defendant. The defendants appealed to the Second DCA, and RJR Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of approximately $2.3 million. Briefing is complete. Oral argument has not been scheduled. 
 On September 10, 2015, in  O Hara v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Escambia County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $14.7 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 15% at fault and RJR Tobacco 85% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On September 11, 2015, the jury awarded $20 million in punitive damages. In September 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $14.7 million in compensatory damages and $20 million in punitive damages. RJR Tobacco appealed to the First DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million. Briefing is underway. 
 On September 22, 2015, in  Suarez v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found that the decedent was not a class member, which resulted in a verdict for the defendants, including RJR Tobacco. In November 2015, the trial court entered final judgment. The plaintiff appealed to the Third DCA, and the defendants cross appealed. Oral argument occurred on September 19, 2016. A decision is pending. 
 On October 2, 2015, in  Marchese v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $1 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 55% at fault, RJR Tobacco 22.5% at fault, and the remaining defendant 22.5% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On October 6, 2015, the jury awarded $250,000 in punitive damages against each defendant. Final judgment was entered on November 5, 2015. On May 17, 2016, an amended final judgment was entered in the amount of $450,000 in compensatory damages against RJR Tobacco and the remaining defendant, jointly and severally, and $250,000 in punitive damages against each defendant. RJR Tobacco appealed to the Fourth DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $475,000.  Briefing is underway. 
     On November 17, 2015, in  Barbose v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Pasco County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $10 million in compensatory damages, found the decedent 15% at fault, RJR Tobacco 42.5% at fault and the remaining defendant 42.5% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On November 18, 2015, the jury awarded $500,000 in punitive damages against each of RJR Tobacco and the other defendant. The defendants appealed to the Second DCA, and RJR Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $2.5 million. Briefing is underway. 
 On November 20, 2015, in  Fanali v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found that cigarette smoking was not a legal cause of the decedent s coronary artery disease and death, which resulted in a verdict for RJR Tobacco. On December 17, 2015, the trial court entered final judgment in favor of RJR Tobacco. The plaintiff appealed to the Fourth DCA, and RJR Tobacco cross appealed. Briefing is underway. 
 On November 23, 2015, in  Shulman v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found that the plaintiff was not a class member, which resulted in a verdict for the defendants, including RJR Tobacco. In December 2015, the trial court entered final judgment. The plaintiff appealed to the Fourth DCA, and the defendants cross appealed. On August 11, 2016, the Fourth DCA affirmed the final judgment,  per curiam . The deadline for the plaintiff to file a petition for writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court is November 9, 2016. 
 On November 24, 2015, in  Green v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found that the plaintiff does not have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, which resulted in a verdict for RJR Tobacco. Post-trial motions were denied on March 23, 2016. On April 4, 2016, final judgment was entered in favor of RJR Tobacco. The plaintiff appealed to the Third DCA, and RJR Tobacco cross appealed. Briefing is underway. 
 40 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    On December 9, 2015, in   Monroe v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.   (Cir. Ct. Gadsden Coun  ty, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for RJR Tobacco on the intentional tort claims, awarded $11 million in compensatory damages, found the plaintiff 42% at fault and RJR Tobacco 58% at fau  lt, and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. On December 31, 2015, the trial court entered final judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $6.38 million in compensatory damages. Post-trial motions were denied on March 30, 2016. R  JR Tobacco appealed to the First DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million. Briefing is underway.  
 On December 18, 2015, in  Ledoux v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $10 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 6% at fault, RJR Tobacco 47% at fault and the remaining defendant 47% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On December 22, 2015, the jury awarded $12.5 million in punitive damages against each defendant. The trial court later entered final judgment against the defendants, jointly and severally, in the amount of $10 million in compensatory damages and, against each defendant, $12.5 million in punitive damages. Post-trial motions were denied in February 2016. The defendants appealed to the Third DCA, and RJR Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million. Briefing is underway. 
 On January 25, 2016, in  Howles v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), the court declared a mistrial because the jury was unable to reach a unanimous verdict. Retrial is scheduled to begin on October 21, 2016. 
 On January 26, 2016, in  Ewing v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Escambia County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims and for the defendants on the intentional tort claims; awarded $240,000 in compensatory damages; found the decedent 98% at fault, RJR Tobacco 2% at fault and the remaining defendant 0% at fault, and did not reach the issue of entitlement to punitive damages. Post-trial motions were denied on February 25, 2016. Final judgment has not been entered. 
 On February 12, 2016, in  Ahrens v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Pinellas County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $9 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 32% at fault, RJR Tobacco 44% at fault, and the remaining defendant 24% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On February 13, 2016, the jury awarded $2.5 million in punitive damages against each defendant. In February 2016, the trial court entered final judgment. Post-trial motions were denied on March 31, 2016. On April 13, 2016, RJR Tobacco appealed to the Second DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $2.5 million. Briefing is underway. 
 On February 22, 2016, in  Elizabeth Smith v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found that the decedent was not a class member, which resulted in a verdict for the defendants, including RJR Tobacco. The plaintiff filed a motion for a new trial on March 3, 2016. The court denied the plaintiff s post-trial motions, including the motion for a new trial, and entered judgment in favor of the defendants on July 5, 2016. The plaintiff did not seek further review. 
 On March 8, 2016, in  Gamble v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Duval County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on class membership, but found for RJR Tobacco on addiction causation, which resulted in a verdict for RJR Tobacco. Post-trial motions were denied on May 31, 2016. Final judgment was entered in favor of RJR Tobacco on June 9, 2016. The plaintiff appealed to the First DCA on July 8, 2016. Briefing is underway. 
 On March 24, 2016, in  Redburn v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Duval County, Fla., filed 2008), the court declared a mistrial after RJR Tobacco filed a motion based on the Florida Supreme Court issuing its opinion in  Ciccone , described above. A new trial date has not been scheduled. 
 On March 29, 2016, in  Snow v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Orange County, Fla., filed 2008), the court declared a mistrial during jury selection. A new trial date has not been scheduled. 
 On April 7, 2016, in  Davis v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on class membership, but found for RJR Tobacco on addiction causation, which resulted in a verdict for RJR Tobacco. On August 17, 2016, the court granted the plaintiff s motion for a new trial. RJR Tobacco filed a notice of appeal to the Third DCA on August 25, 2016.  Briefing is underway. 
   On April 21, 2016, in  Turner v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $3 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 20% at fault and RJR Tobacco 80% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On April 22, 2016, the jury awarded $10 million in punitive damages. The court denied the defendant s post-trial motions and entered judgment against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $2.4 million in compensatory damages and $10 million in punitive damages. In July 2016, RJR  
 41 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  Tobacco filed a notice of appeal to the Fourth DCA and post  ed a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million. The plaintiff filed a notice of cross appeal in August 2016. Briefing is underway.  
 On April 26, 2016, in  Enochs v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $21 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 22% at fault, RJR Tobacco 66% at fault and the remaining defendant 12% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On April 27, 2016, the jury awarded $6.25 million in punitive damages against each defendant. Final judgment was entered against RJR Tobacco in the amount of approximately $13.9 million in compensatory damages and $6.25 million in punitive damages on May 9, 2016. Post-trial motions were denied on May 20, 2016. The defendants appealed to the Fourth DCA, and RJR Tobacco posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of approximately $3.5 million. Briefing is underway. 
 On May 3, 2016, in  Pardue v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Alachua County, Fla., filed 2008), the court declared a mistrial due to the inability to seat a jury. The new trial is scheduled to begin December 5, 2016. 
 On May 11, 2016, in  Dion v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Sarasota County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $12 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 25% at fault and RJR Tobacco 75% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On May 12, 2016, the jury awarded $30,000 in punitive damages. Post-trial motions were denied on July 14, 2016.  On August 9, 2016, RJR Tobacco filed a notice of appeal to the Second DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million.  Briefing is underway. 
 On May 16, 2016, in  Nally v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Polk County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $6 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 25% at fault and RJR Tobacco 75% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On May 17, 2016, the jury awarded $12 million in punitive damages. Final judgment was entered against RJR Tobacco in the amount of $6 million in compensatory damages and $12 million in punitive damages on May 25, 2016. Post-trial motions were denied on August 15, 2016. In September 2016, RJR Tobacco filed a notice of appeal to the Second DCA and posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $5 million. Briefing is underway. 
 On May 19, 2016, in  McCabe v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Hillsborough County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims, awarded $5 million in compensatory damages, found the decedent 70% at fault and RJR Tobacco 30% at fault, and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On May 20, 2016, the jury awarded $6.5 million in punitive damages. Post-trial motions are pending. 
 On May 31, 2016, in  Durrance v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Highlands County, Fla., filed 2007), the court declared a mistrial due to a medical emergency. The case has been rescheduled for trial on January 23, 2017. 
 On June 21, 2016, in  Mooney v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found that the decedent s addiction to nicotine was not a legal cause of her death, which resulted in a verdict for the defendants, including RJR Tobacco. Post-trial motions are pending. 
 On July 1, 2016, in  Sermons v. Philip Morris USA Inc.  (Cir. Ct. Duval County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims; awarded $65,000 in compensatory damages; found the decedent 80% at fault, RJR Tobacco 5% at fault, and the remaining defendant 15% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On July 6, 2016, the jury awarded $17,075 in punitive damages against RJR Tobacco and $51,225 in punitive damages against the remaining defendant. Post-trial motions are pending. 
 On July 19, 2016, in  Varner v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims; found that RJR Tobacco s cigarettes were not a legal cause of the decedent s disease, which resulted in a verdict for RJR Tobacco; awarded $1.5 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 75% at fault and the remaining defendant 25% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. Final judgment was entered in favor of RJR Tobacco and against the remaining defendant in the amount of $375,000 in July 2016.  The remaining defendant s post-trial motions are pending. 
 On August 5, 2016, in  Morales v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2007), the court declared a mistrial because a death in a juror s family prevented the juror from deliberating.  The trial has been rescheduled for January 9, 2017. 
   On August 15, 2016, in  Mathis v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $5 million in compensatory damages; found the  
 42 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  decedent 45% at fault and RJR Tobacco 55% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages.  Final judgment was entered on August 17, 2016. Post-trial motions are pending.  
 On August 18, 2016, in  Wilkins v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found that the decedent was not a class member, which resulted in a verdict for RJR Tobacco. Final judgment has not been entered. 
 On August 25, 2016, in  Coursey v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Volusia County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found that the decedent was not a class member, which resulted in a verdict for RJR Tobacco. The trial court denied post-trial motions and entered judgment in RJR Tobacco s favor on September 27, 2016. 
 On August 25, 2016, in  Jones v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Escambia County, Fla., filed 2007), the court declared a mistrial due to the potential bias of a seated juror. A new trial date has not been scheduled. 
 On September 6, 2016, in  Hackimer v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Palm Beach County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found that the deceased smoker knew or should have known of his chronic obstructive pulmonary disease before May 5, 1990, and, for that reason, the claims were barred by the statute of limitations, which resulted in a verdict for RJR Tobacco. Post-trial motions are pending. 
 On September 22, 2016, in  Oshinsky-Blacker v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $6.15 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 15% at fault, RJR Tobacco 25% at fault, and the remaining defendant 60% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages.  On September 23, 2016, the jury awarded $2 million in punitive damages against RJR Tobacco and $1 million in punitive damages against the remaining defendant.  Final judgment has not been entered. 
 On September 23, 2016, in  Sherry Smith v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co . (Cir. Ct. Volusia County, Fla., filed 2008), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $3 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 35% at fault and RJR Tobacco 65% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. Post-trial motions are pending. 
 On September 28, 2016, in  Prentice v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Duval County, Fla., filed 2007), a jury found for the plaintiff on the negligence, strict liability, and intentional tort claims; awarded $6.4 million in compensatory damages; found the decedent 60% at fault and RJR Tobacco 40% at fault; and found that the plaintiff was entitled to punitive damages. On September 29, 2016, the jury awarded $0 in punitive damages. Post-trial motions are pending.    
 On October 10, 2016, in  Wallace v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Brevard County, Fla., filed 2007), the court declared a mistrial due to weather delays and juror unavailability. 
     Broin II Cases 
 Broin v. Philip Morris, Inc.  (Cir. Ct. Miami-Dade County, Fla., filed 1991), was a class action brought on behalf of flight attendants alleged to have suffered from diseases or ailments caused by exposure to ETS in airplane cabins. In October 1997, RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco, B W and other cigarette manufacturer defendants settled  Broin , agreeing to pay a total of $300 million in three annual $100 million installments, allocated among the companies by market share, to fund research on the early detection and cure of diseases associated with tobacco smoke. It also required those companies to pay a total of $49 million for the plaintiffs  counsel s fees and expenses. RJR Tobacco s portion of these payments was approximately $86 million; Lorillard Tobacco s was approximately $57 million; and B W s was approximately $31 million. The settlement agreement, among other things, limits the types of claims class members may bring and eliminates claims for punitive damages. The settlement agreement also provides that, in individual cases by class members that are referred to as  Broin II  lawsuits, the defendant will bear the burden of proof with respect to whether ETS can cause certain specifically enumerated diseases, referred to as  general causation.  With respect to all other liability issues, including whether an individual plaintiff s disease was caused by his or her exposure to ETS in airplane cabins, referred to as  specific causation,  individual plaintiffs will bear the burden of proof. On September 7, 1999, the Florida Supreme Court approved the settlement.   
 As of September 30, 2016, there were 2,421  Broin II  lawsuits pending in Florida. There have been no  Broin II  trials since 2007. 
 43 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
        Class-Acti  on Suits  
 Overview.  As of September 30, 2016, 23 class-action cases, excluding the shareholder cases described below, were pending in the United States against Reynolds Defendants. These class actions seek recovery for personal injuries allegedly caused by cigarette smoking or, in some cases, for economic damages allegedly incurred by cigarette or e-cigarette purchasers.   
 In 1996, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in  Castano v. American Tobacco Co.  overturned the certification of a nation-wide class of persons whose claims related to alleged addiction to tobacco products, finding that the district court failed to properly assess variations in the governing state laws and whether common issues predominated over individual issues. Since the Fifth Circuit s ruling in  Castano , few smoker class-action complaints have been certified or, if certified, have survived on appeal. Eighteen federal courts, including two courts of appeals, and most state courts that have considered the issue have rejected class certification in such cases. Apart from  Castano , only two smoker class actions have been certified by a federal court    In re Simon (II) Litigation  and  Schwab [McLaughlin] v. Philip Morris USA Inc. , both of which were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York and were later decertified. 
 Class-action suits based on claims that class members are at a greater risk of injury or injured by the use of tobacco or exposure to ETS, or claims that seek primarily economic damages are pending against RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco, or their affiliates or indemnitees in state or federal courts in California, Florida, Illinois, Louisiana, Missouri, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina and West Virginia. All pending class-action cases are discussed below. 
 The pending class actions against RJR Tobacco or its affiliates or indemnitees include four cases alleging that the use of the term  lights  constitutes unfair and deceptive trade practices under state law or violates federal RICO. Such suits are pending in state courts in Illinois and Missouri and are discussed below under     Lights  Cases.  
 E-cigarette class-action cases are pending against RJR Vapor, RAI, and other RAI affiliates in California state and federal courts. In general, the plaintiffs allege that RJR Vapor, Lorillard Tobacco, and other RAI affiliates made false and misleading claims that e-cigarettes are less hazardous than other cigarette products or failed to disclose that e-cigarettes expose users to certain substances. The cases are typically filed pursuant to state consumer protection and related statutes and seek recovery of economic damages and are discussed below under   E-Cigarette Cases.  
 Several class actions relating to claims in advertising and promotional materials for SFNTC s NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes are pending in federal courts. In general, these plaintiffs allege that use of the words  natural,   additive-free,  or  organic  in NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT advertising and promotional materials suggests that those cigarettes are less harmful than other cigarettes and, for that reason, violated state consumer protection statutes or amounted to fraud or a negligent or intentional misrepresentation. These cases are discussed below under   No Additive/Natural Claim Cases.  
 Additional class actions relating to either (1) RJR Tobacco s discontinuation of the  Camel Cash  promotion in 2007 or (2) alleged personal injuries purportedly caused by use of cigarettes or exposure to ETS are pending. These cases are discussed below under    Camel Cash Cases  and    Other Class Actions.  
 Finally, certain third-party payers have filed health-care cost recovery actions in the form of class actions. These cases are discussed separately below under    Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases.  
   Lights    Cases .  
 As noted above, four  lights  class-action cases are pending against RJR Tobacco or B W, two in Illinois state court and two in Missouri state court. The classes in these cases generally seek to recover compensatory and punitive damages, injunctive and other forms of relief, and attorneys  fees and costs from RJR Tobacco and/or B W. In general, the plaintiffs allege that RJR Tobacco or B W made false and misleading claims that  lights  cigarettes were lower in tar and nicotine and/or were less hazardous or less mutagenic than other cigarettes. The cases typically are filed pursuant to state consumer protection and related statutes. 
   The seminal  lights  class-action case is  Price v. Philip Morris, Inc . (Cir. Ct. Madison County, Ill., filed 2000), an action filed against the predecessor of Philip Morris USA Inc., referred to as Philip Morris. In March 2003, the trial court entered judgment against Philip Morris in the amount of $7.1 billion in compensatory damages and $3 billion in punitive damages. In December 2005, the Illinois Supreme Court issued an opinion reversing and remanding with instructions to dismiss the case. On December 5, 2006, the Illinois Supreme Court issued its mandate, and the trial court entered a judgment of dismissal later in December 2006. In multiple filings since December 2008, the  Price  plaintiffs have argued that the U.S. Supreme Court s decision in  Good v. Altria Group, Inc . rejected the basis upon which the Illinois Supreme Court had reversed the  Price  trial court s 2003 judgment and, on that basis, have attempted to reinstate that judgment. In April 2014, the intermediate appellate court reinstated the trial court s 2003 judgment.  In   
 44 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  November 2015, the Il  linois Supreme Court (1) vacated the lower courts  judgments, (2) dismissed the case without prejudice to allow the plaintiffs to file a motion to have the Illinois Supreme Court recall its December 5, 2006, mandate that had reversed the trial court s 2003   judgment, and (3) directed entry of a judgment of dismissal. The plaintiffs then moved in the Illinois Supreme Court to have that court recall its December 5, 2006 mandate. On January 11, 2016, the Illinois Supreme Court denied the plaintiffs  motion. The   plaintiffs filed a petition for writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on January 22, 2016, which was denied on June 20, 2016.   
 In  Turner v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. Madison County, Ill., filed 2000), the trial court certified a class of purchasers of RJR Tobacco  lights  cigarettes in November 2001. In November 2003, the Illinois Supreme Court granted RJR Tobacco s motion for a stay pending the court s final appeal decision in the  Price  case described above .  The stay subsequently expired, and the court accordingly scheduled a series of status conferences, all of which were continued by agreement of the parties. The next status conference is scheduled for November 16, 2016. 
 In  Howard v. Brown   Williamson Tobacco Corp.  (Cir. Ct. Madison County, Ill., filed 2000), the trial court certified a class of purchasers of B W  lights  cigarettes in December 2001. In June 2003, the trial judge issued an order staying all proceedings pending resolution of the  Price  case described above. In August 2005, the Illinois Fifth District Court of Appeals affirmed the Circuit Court s stay order. There is currently no activity in the case. 
 In  Collora v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  (Cir. Ct. City of St. Louis, Mo., filed 2000), the trial court certified a class of purchasers of RJR Tobacco  lights  cigarettes in December 2003. A status conference is scheduled for June 5, 2017. 
 In  Black v. Brown   Williamson Tobacco Corp.  (Cir. Ct. City of St. Louis, Mo., filed 2000), a putative class action filed on behalf of a class of purchasers of B W  lights  cigarettes, a status conference is scheduled for June 5, 2017. 
 In the event RJR Tobacco and its affiliates or indemnitees lose one or more of the pending  lights  class-action suits, RJR Tobacco, depending upon the amount of any damages ordered, could face difficulties in its ability to pay the judgment or obtain any bond required to stay execution of the judgment which could have a material adverse effect on RJR Tobacco s, and consequently RAI s, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 E-Cigarette Cases .   
 In  In re Fontem US, Inc. Consumer Class Action Litig.  (U.S.D.C. C.D. Cal., filed 2015), the plaintiffs brought a class action against RAI, Lorillard, another RAI affiliate, and two other defendants on behalf of putative classes of California, New York, and Illinois purchasers of blu brand e-cigarettes. This action results from the consolidation of two actions    Diek v. Lorillard Tobacco Co.  and  Whitney v. ITG Brands, LLC.  The plaintiffs allege that certain advertising, marketing and packaging materials for blu brand e-cigarettes made deceptive claims, omitted material information, or failed to contain required disclosures. On behalf of one or more of the classes, the plaintiffs seek injunctive relief, equitable relief, and compensatory and punitive damages under California Civil Code  1,750  et seq ., California Business   Professions Code  17,200  et seq ., California Business and Professions Code  17,500  et seq ., New York General Business Law   349, and Illinois Consumer Fraud And Deceptive Business Practices Act   505/1  et seq.  Pursuant to the terms of the asset purchase agreement relating to the Divestiture, RAI tendered the defense of the now-consolidated  Diek  and  Whitney  actions to, and sought indemnification for those actions from, ITG. Pursuant to the terms, limitations and conditions of the asset purchase agreement relating to the Divestiture, ITG agreed to defend and indemnify RAI and its affiliates against losses arising from the operation of the blu brand e-cigarette business. On May 20, 2016, the trial court stayed the matter pending the outcome of the appeals in  Briseno v. ConAgra Foods, Inc. ,  Jones v. ConAgra Foods, Inc. , and  Brazil v. Dole Packaged Foods, LLC , that are pending in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. The stay does not apply to finalizing the pleadings and related briefing.  On May 23, 2016, the plaintiffs filed a second amended consolidated complaint. On July 1, 2016, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss.  A decision is pending. 
 In  Harris v. R. J. Reynolds Vapor Co.  (U.S.D.C. N.D. Cal., filed 2015), the plaintiff brought a class action against RJR Vapor on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of VUSE e-cigarettes. The plaintiff alleges that RJR Vapor failed to advise users that they potentially could be exposed to formaldehyde and acetaldehyde. The plaintiff asserts failure to warn claims under California s Proposition 65, as well as California Business   Professions Code   17,200  et seq . and California Civil Code   1,750  et seq . and seeks declaratory relief, restitution, disgorgement, injunctive relief and damages. RJR Vapor moved to dismiss contending, among other things, that plaintiff s action was governed in its entirety by Proposition 65 and that the plaintiff failed to give the 60-day pre-suit notice required by Proposition 65, requiring that the entire case be dismissed with prejudice. The motion to dismiss was argued on March 2, 2016. On September 30, 2016, the court granted RJR Vapor s motion to dismiss but provided the plaintiff leave to amend. 
   In  Center for Environmental Health v. NJoy, Inc.  (Super. Ct. Alameda County, Cal., filed 2015), the plaintiff brought an action against RJR Vapor and several other e-cigarette manufacturers asserting violations of Proposition 65 for not disclosing that electronic  
 45 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  cigarettes, including VUSE, allegedly expose consumers to formaldehyde and acetaldehyde. The plaintiff sought civil penalties, injunctive relief, attorneys  fees, and costs.   RJR Vapor filed an answer on December 29, 2015, and a case management conference was scheduled for July 2016. RJR Vapor denied any and all liability and reached an agreement to resolve the claims for $94,750, which is now subject to approval by the court.   A hearing is scheduled for October 25, 2016.  
 No Additive/Natural/Organic Claim Cases .   
 Following the FDA s August 27, 2015, warning letter to SFNTC relating to the use of the words  natural  and  additive-free  in the labeling, advertising and promotional materials for NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes, plaintiffs purporting to bring claims on behalf of themselves and others have filed putative nationwide and/or state-specific class actions against SFNTC and, in some instances, RAI. A total of 15 such actions have been filed in nine U.S. district courts. Each of these cases is discussed below. In various combinations, plaintiffs in these cases generally allege violations of state deceptive and unfair trade practice statutes, and claim state common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and unjust enrichment based on the use of descriptors such as  natural,   organic  and  100% additive-free  in the marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of SFNTC s NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes. The actions seek various categories of recovery, including economic damages, injunctive relief (including medical monitoring and cessation programs), interest, restitution, disgorgement, treble and punitive damages, and attorneys  fees and costs.  
 On January 6, 2016, the plaintiffs in one action filed a motion before the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ( JPML ) to consolidate these actions before one district court for pretrial purposes. On April 11, 2016, the JPML ordered that these cases be consolidated for pretrial purposes before Judge James O. Browning in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico, referred to as the transferee court, and the then-pending and later-filed cases now are consolidated for pretrial purposes in that court. The cases that were filed in or transferred for pretrial purposes to the transferee court are as follows:      

Sproule v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc  . (U.S.D.C. S.D. Fla., filed 2015), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative nationwide class of purchasers of   Natural American Spirit   brand cigarettes.      

Brattain v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. N.D. Cal., filed 2015), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative class of California purchasers of   Natural American Spirit   brand cigarettes.      

Rothman v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. S.D.N.Y., filed 2015), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative class of New York purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

Dunn v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. D.N.M., filed 2015), is an action against SFNTC on behalf of a putative nationwide class (and Minnesota subclass) of purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.     

Haksal v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. D.N.M., filed 2015), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative nationwide class (and California, Illinois, Minnesota, and New Mexico subclasses) of purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

Cuebas v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. S.D.N.Y., filed 2016), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative nationwide class (and New York subclass) of purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

Okstad v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2016), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative nationwide class and sixteen putative state-based subclasses (Alabama, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Iowa, Illinois, Maryland, Maine, North Carolina, New Jersey, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas and Wisconsin subclasses) of purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

Ruggiero v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. D.D.C., filed 2016), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative nationwide class (and Maryland subclass) of purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

Waldo v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla., filed 2016), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative nationwide class (and Florida subclass) of purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

46 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Grandison v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. E.D.N.Y., filed 2016),   is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative nationwide class (and California, Florida and New York subclasses) of purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

Gudmundson v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. V.I., filed 2016), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative class of U.S. Virgin Islands purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

LeCompte v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. D.N.M., filed 2016), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative class of California purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

White v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. D.N.M., filed 2016), is an action against SFNTC on behalf of a putative nationwide class of purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

Johnston v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. S.D Fla., filed 2016), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative nationwide class (and Florida subclass) of purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.     

Cole v. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Inc.   (U.S.D.C. M.D. N.C., filed 2016), is an action against SFNTC and RAI on behalf of a putative nationwide class (and North Carolina subclass) of purchasers of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes.      

 The transferee court entered a scheduling order requiring the plaintiffs to file a consolidated amended complaint. On September 19, 2016, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint naming SFNTC, RAI, and RJR Tobacco as defendants. That complaint alleges violations of 12 states  deceptive and unfair trade practices statutes   California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, Michigan, North Carolina, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Ohio, and West Virginia   based on the use of descriptors such as  natural,   organic  and  100% additive-free  in the marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of SFNTC s NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand cigarettes. It also asserts unjust enrichment claims under those 12 states  laws and asserts breach of express warranty claims on behalf of a national class of NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT menthol purchasers. The state deceptive and unfair trade practice statutory and unjust enrichment claims are brought on behalf of state-specific classes in the 12 states listed above and, in some instances, state-specific subclasses. The consolidated amended complaint seeks class certification, payment for class notice, injunctive relief, monetary damages, prejudgment interest, statutory damages, restitution, and attorneys  fees and costs. The transferee court s scheduling order, as amended, provides for the defendants to file motions to dismiss by November 3, 2016, a hearing on the defendants  motion to dismiss on January 24, 2017, plaintiffs to file a motion for class certification by April 3, 2018, and a hearing on the class certification motion on July 13-14, 2018. 
 Other Class Actions.  
 In  Young v. American Tobacco Co., Inc.  (Cir. Ct. Orleans Parish, La., filed 1997),   the plaintiff brought a class action against U.S. cigarette manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco and B W, and parent companies of U.S. cigarette manufacturers, including RJR, on behalf of a putative class of Louisiana residents who, though not themselves cigarette smokers, allegedly suffered injury as a result of exposure to ETS from cigarettes manufactured by defendants. The plaintiffs seek to recover an unspecified amount of compensatory and punitive damages. In March 2016, the court entered an order staying the case, including all discovery, pending the completion of the smoking cessation program ordered by the court in  Scott v. The American Tobacco Co .  
 In  Parsons v. A C   S, Inc.  (Cir. Ct. Ohio County, W. Va., filed 1998), the plaintiff brought a class action against asbestos manufacturers, U.S. cigarette manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco, and parent companies of U.S. cigarette manufacturers, including RJR and Lorillard, on behalf of a putative class of persons who allegedly have personal injury claims arising from their exposure to respirable asbestos fibers and cigarette smoke. The plaintiff seeks to recover $1 million in compensatory and punitive damages individually for her purported injuries and an unspecified amount for the class in compensatory and punitive damages. In December 2000, three defendants, Nitral Liquidators, Inc., Desseaux Corporation of North America and Armstrong World Industries, filed bankruptcy petitions in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware,  In re Armstrong World Industries, Inc.  Pursuant to section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code,  Parsons  is automatically stayed with respect to all defendants who filed for bankruptcy. The case remains pending against the other defendants, including RJR Tobacco and Lorillard Tobacco, but it has long been dormant. 
   In  Jones v. American Tobacco Co., Inc.  (Cir. Ct., Jackson County, Mo., filed 1998),   the plaintiff filed a class action against the major U.S. cigarette manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco, and parent companies of U.S. cigarette manufacturers, including RJR and Lorillard, on behalf of a putative class of Missouri tobacco product users and purchasers who  
 47 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  allegedly became addicted to nicotine. The plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount of compensato  ry and punitive damages. There is currently no activity in this case.  
     Filter Cases 
  Claims have been brought against Lorillard Tobacco and Lorillard by individuals who seek damages resulting from their alleged exposure to asbestos fibers that were incorporated into filter material used in one brand of cigarettes manufactured by a predecessor to Lorillard Tobacco for a limited period of time ending more than 50 years ago. As of September 30, 2016, Lorillard Tobacco and/or Lorillard was a defendant in 74   Filter   Cases. Since January 1, 2013, Lorillard Tobacco and RJR Tobacco have paid, or have reached agreement to pay, a total of approximately $47.6 million in settlements to resolve 175 claims asserted in Filter Cases.   
  Pursuant to the terms of a 1952 agreement between P. Lorillard Company and H V Specialties Co., Inc. (the manufacturer of the filter material), Lorillard Tobacco is required to indemnify Hollingsworth   Vose for legal fees, expenses, judgments and resolutions in cases and claims alleging injury from finished products sold by P. Lorillard Company that contained the filter material.   
  On September 13, 2013, the jury in a Filter Case,   DeLisle v. A. W. Chesterton Co.   (Cir. Ct. Broward County, Fla., filed 2012), found for the plaintiff on the negligence and strict liability claims; awarded the plaintiffs $8 million in compensatory damages; and found Lorillard Tobacco 22% at fault, Hollingsworth   Vose 22% at fault, and the other defendants 56% at fault. Punitive damages were not at issue. On November 6, 2013, the trial court entered final judgment against Lorillard Tobacco in the amount of $3.52 million. Lorillard Tobacco appealed to the Fourth DCA. On September 14, 2016, the Fourth DCA ordered a new trial because the trial court erred in admitting certain expert testimony and concluded that the $8 million compensatory damages award should have been remitted.  The plaintiff filed a motion for rehearing or rehearing   en banc   on September 29, 2016. A decision is pending.   
  On August 15, 2016, the jury in   Panzarella v. Charles B. Chrystal, Inc., et al.   (Super. Ct. Middlesex County, N.J., filed 2012) returned a defense verdict in favor of Lorillard Tobacco and the remaining defendants.  Judgment is final, and there will be no appeal.  
     Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases 
 Health-care cost recovery cases have been brought by a variety of plaintiffs. Other than certain governmental actions, these cases largely have been unsuccessful on remoteness grounds, which means that one who pays an injured person s medical expenses is legally too remote to maintain an action against the person allegedly responsible for the injury. 
 As of September 30, 2016, two health-care cost recovery cases were pending in the United States against RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco, or all three, as discussed below after the discussion of the State Settlement Agreements. A limited number of claimants have filed suit against RJR Tobacco, one of its affiliates, and other tobacco industry defendants to recover funds for health care, medical and other assistance paid by foreign provincial governments in treating their citizens. For additional information on these cases, see    International Cases  below. 
 State Settlement Agreements.  In June 1994, the Mississippi Attorney General brought an action,  Moore v. American Tobacco Co. , against various industry members, including RJR Tobacco, B W and Lorillard Tobacco. This case was brought on behalf of the state to recover state funds paid for health care and other assistance to state citizens suffering from diseases and conditions allegedly related to tobacco use. Most other states, through their attorneys general or other state agencies, sued RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco and other U.S. cigarette manufacturers based on similar theories. The cigarette manufacturer defendants, including RJR Tobacco, B W and Lorillard Tobacco, settled the first four of these cases scheduled for trial   Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota   by separate agreements with each such state.  
 On November 23, 1998, the major U.S. cigarette manufacturers, including RJR Tobacco, B W and Lorillard Tobacco, entered into the Master Settlement Agreement with attorneys general representing the remaining 46 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa and the Northern Marianas. Effective on November 12, 1999, the MSA settled all the health-care cost recovery actions brought by, or on behalf of, the settling jurisdictions and released various additional present and future claims. 
 48 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    In the   settling jurisdictions, the MSA released RJR Tobacco, B W,   Lorillard Tobacco,   and their affiliates and indemnitees, including RAI   and   Lorillard  , from:  

all claims of the settling states and their respective political subdivisions and other recipients of state health-care funds, relating to past conduct arising out of the use, sale, distribution, manufacture, development, advertising, marketing or health effects of, the exposure to, or research, statements or warnings about, tobacco products; and     

all monetary claims of the settling states and their respective political subdivisions and other recipients of state health-care funds, relating to future conduct arising out of the use of or exposure to, tobacco products that have been manufactured in the ordinary course of business.     

 Set forth below is the unadjusted tobacco industry settlement payment schedule (in millions) for 2014 and thereafter:  

RAI s operating subsidiaries expenses and payments under the State Settlement Agreements for 2014 and 2015 and the projected expenses and payments for 2016 and thereafter (in millions) are set forth below.  (1)(2)  

(1)    
 
   Subject to adjustments for changes in sales volume, inflation, operating profit and other factors. Payments are allocated among the companies on the basis of relative market share or other methods. For further information, see    State Settlement Agreements Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments  below.    

(2)    
 
   The amounts above reflect the impact of the Term Sheet and the NY State Settlement described below under    State Settlement Agreements Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments   Partial Settlement of Certain NPM Adjustment Claims.     

 The State Settlement Agreements also contain provisions restricting the marketing of tobacco products. Among these provisions are restrictions or prohibitions on the use of cartoon characters, brand-name sponsorships, apparel and other merchandise, outdoor and transit advertising, payments for product placement, free sampling and lobbying. Furthermore, the State Settlement Agreements required the dissolution of three industry-sponsored research and trade organizations.  
 The State Settlement Agreements have materially adversely affected RJR Tobacco s shipment volumes. RAI believes that these settlement obligations may materially adversely affect the results of operations, cash flows or financial position of RAI and RJR Tobacco in future periods. The degree of the adverse impact will depend, among other things, on the rate of decline in U.S. cigarette sales in the premium and value categories, RJR Tobacco s share of the domestic premium and value cigarette categories, and the effect of any resulting cost advantage of manufacturers not subject to the State Settlement Agreements. 
 U.S. Department of Justice Case.    
   In  United States v. Philip Morris USA Inc.  (U.S.D.C. D.D.C., filed 1999) ,  the U.S. Department of Justice brought an action against RJR Tobacco, B W, Lorillard Tobacco and other tobacco companies seeking (1) recovery of federal funds expended in providing health care to smokers who developed alleged smoking-related diseases pursuant to the Medical Care Recovery Act and Medicare Secondary Payer provisions of the Social Security Act and (2) equitable relief under the civil provisions of RICO, including disgorgement of roughly $280 billion in profits the government contended were earned as a consequence of a purported racketeering  
 49 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
   enterprise.  In September 2000, the   district   court dismissed the government s Medical Care Recovery Act and Medicare Secondary Payer cl  aims. In February 2005, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the   D.C. Circuit, referred to as the D.C. Circuit,   ruled that disgorgement was not an available remedy.  
 On August 17, 2006, after a non-jury bench trial, the district court found certain defendants, including RJR Tobacco, B W and Lorillard Tobacco, had violated RICO, but did not impose any direct financial penalties. The district court instead enjoined RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco and the other defendants from committing future racketeering acts, participating in certain trade organizations, making misrepresentations concerning smoking and health and youth marketing, and using certain brand descriptors such as  low tar,   light,   ultra light,   mild  and  natural.  The district court also ordered RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco and the other defendants to issue  corrective communications  on five subjects, including smoking and health and addiction, and to comply with further undertakings, including maintaining web sites of historical corporate documents and disseminating certain marketing information on a confidential basis to the government. In addition, the district court placed restrictions on the defendants  ability to dispose of certain assets for use in the United States, unless the transferee agrees to abide by the terms of the district court s order, and ordered certain defendants to reimburse the U.S. Department of Justice its taxable costs incurred in connection with the case. 
 Defendants, including RJR Tobacco, B W, and Lorillard Tobacco, appealed, the government cross appealed, and the defendants moved in the district court for clarification and a stay pending appeal. After the district court denied the defendants  motion to stay, the D.C. Circuit granted a stay in October 2006. 
 The district court then granted the motion for clarification in part and denied it in part. With respect to the meaning and applicability of the general injunctive relief of the August 2006 order, the district court denied the motion for clarification. With respect to the request for clarification as to the scope of the provisions in the order prohibiting the use of descriptors and requiring corrective statements at retail point of sale, the district court granted the motion and also ruled that the provisions prohibiting the use of express or implied health messages or descriptors do apply to the actions of the defendants taken outside of the United States. 
 In May 2009, the D.C. Circuit largely affirmed both the finding of liability against the tobacco defendants and the remedial order, including the denial of additional remedies, but vacated the order and remanded for further proceedings as to the following four discrete issues: 

the issue of the extent of B W s control over tobacco operations was remanded for further fact finding and clarification;     

the remedial order was vacated to the extent that it binds all defendants  subsidiaries and was remanded to the district court for determination as to whether inclusion of the subsidiaries and which of the subsidiaries satisfy Rule 65(d) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure;     

the D.C. Circuit held that the provision found in paragraph four of the injunction, concerning the use of any express or implied health message or health descriptor for any cigarette brand, should not be read to govern overseas sales. The issue was remanded to the district court with instructions to reformulate it so as to exempt foreign activities that have no substantial, direct and foreseeable domestic effects; and     

the remedial order was vacated regarding  point of sale  displays and remanded for the district court to evaluate and make due provisions for the rights of innocent persons, either by abandoning this part of the remedial order or re-crafting a new version reflecting the rights of third parties.     

 In June 2010, the U.S. Supreme Court denied all parties  petitions for writ of certiorari.  
   Post-remand proceedings are underway. On December 22, 2010, the district court dismissed B W from the litigation. In November 2012, the trial court entered an order setting forth the text of the corrective statements and directed the parties to engage in discussions with the Special Master to implement them. After extensive mediation led the parties to an implementation agreement, the district court entered an implementation order on June 2, 2014. The defendants filed a consolidated appeal challenging both the content of the court-ordered statements and the requirement that those statements be published in redundant media. On May 22, 2015, the D.C. Circuit reversed the corrective statements order in part, affirmed in part, and remanded to the district court for further proceedings. On October 1, 2015, the district court ordered the parties to propose new corrective-statements preambles. On February 8, 2016, the district court entered an order adopting the government s proposed corrective-statements preamble. The parties then mediated, per the district court s order, changes to the implementation order necessitated by the new preamble. On April 19, 2016, the district court accepted the parties  mediated agreement on implementation and entered a superseding consent order with respect to implementation. The superseding consent order stays implementation of the corrective statements until the exhaustion of appeals from the orders establishing the text of those statements and governing implementation details. On April 7, 2016, the defendants and the post-judgment parties regarding remedies noticed an appeal to the D.C. Circuit from the order adopting the government s proposed corrective-statement preambles. On May 6, 2016, the defendants and post-judgment parties regarding remedies noticed an appeal to  
 50 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  the D.C. Circuit from the superseding consent order. On June 7, 2016, the D.C. Circuit granted the unopposed motion of the de  fendants and the post-judgment parties regarding remedies to consolidate the two appeals. Briefing in the consolidated appeals will conclude in late December 2016. Additionally, RJR Tobacco has a separate appeal pending before the D.C. Circuit challenging   the district court s May 28, 2015, order requiring RJR Tobacco to televise an additional set of corrective statements on behalf of B  oral argument in that appeal occurred on September 13, 2016. A decision is pending. In light of the corrective-statement  s implementation requirements, $20   million has been accrued for the estimated costs of the corrective communications and is included in the condensed consolidated balance sheet (unaudited) as of September 30,   2016.   
 Native American Tribe Case.    
 As of September 30, 2016, one Native American tribe case was pending before a tribal court against RJR Tobacco, B W and Lorillard Tobacco,  Crow Creek Sioux Tribe v. American Tobacco Co.  (Tribal Ct., Crow Creek Sioux, S.D., filed 1997). The plaintiffs seek to recover actual and punitive damages, restitution, funding of a clinical cessation program, funding of a corrective public education program, and disgorgement of unjust profits from sales to minors. The plaintiffs claim that the defendants are liable under the following theories: unlawful marketing and targeting of minors, contributing to the delinquency of minors, unfair and deceptive acts or practices, unreasonable restraint of trade and unfair method of competition, negligence, negligence per se, conspiracy and restitution of unjust enrichment. The case is dormant. 
 International Cases.    
 Each of the ten Canadian provinces has filed a health-care cost recovery action against Canadian and non-Canadian tobacco-related entities, including RJR Tobacco and one of its affiliates. In these actions, which are described below, each of the Canadian provinces seeks to recover for health care, medical and other assistance paid and to be paid for treating tobacco-related disease. Pursuant to the terms of the 1999 sale of RJR Tobacco s international tobacco business, RJR Tobacco has tendered the defense of these actions to JTI. Subject to a reservation of rights, JTI has assumed the defense of RJR Tobacco and its affiliate in these actions. 

British Columbia   (British Columbia Sup. Ct., Vancouver Registry, filed 1997) - In 1997, British Columbia enacted a statute creating a civil cause of action against tobacco-related entities for the provincial government to recover the costs of health-care benefits incurred for insured British Columbia residents resulting from tobacco-related disease. An initial action brought pursuant to the statute against Canadian and non-Canadian tobacco-related entities, including RJR Tobacco and certain of its affiliates, was dismissed in February 2000 when the British Columbia Supreme Court ruled that the legislation was unconstitutional. British Columbia then enacted a revised statute, pursuant to which an action was filed in January 2001 against many of the same defendants, including RJR Tobacco and one of its affiliates. In that action, the British Columbia government seeks to recover the present value of its total expenditures for health-care benefits provided for insured persons resulting from tobacco-related disease or the risk of tobacco-related disease caused by alleged breaches of duty by the manufacturers, the present value of its estimated total expenditures for health-care benefits that reasonably could be expected to be provided for those insured persons resulting from tobacco-related disease or the risk of tobacco-related disease in the future, court ordered interest, and costs, or in the alternative, special or increased costs. The government alleges that the defendants are liable under the British Columbia statute by reason of their  tobacco related wrongs,  which are alleged to include: selling defective products, failure to warn, sale of cigarettes to children and adolescents, strict liability, deceit and misrepresentation, violation of trade practice and competition acts, concerted action, and joint liability. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate filed statements of defense in January 2007. Pretrial discovery is ongoing.     

New Brunswick   (Ct. of Queen s Bench of New Brunswick, Jud. Dist. Fredericton, filed 2008) - This claim is brought pursuant to New Brunswick legislation enacted in 2008 that is substantially similar to the revised British Columbia statute described above. It seeks recovery of essentially the same types of damages sought in the British Columbia action based on analogous theories of liability. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate filed statements of defense in March 2010. Pretrial discovery is ongoing.     

Ontario   (Ontario Super. Ct. Justice, Toronto, filed 2009) - This claim is brought pursuant to Ontario legislation that is substantially similar to the revised British Columbia statute described above. It seeks recovery of essentially the same types of damages sought in the British Columbia action based on analogous theories of liability, although the government also asserted claims based on the illegal importation of cigarettes, which claims were deleted in an amended statement of claim filed in August 2010. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate filed statements of defense in April 2016.     

Newfoundland and Labrador   (Sup. Ct. Newfoundland and Labrador, St. John s, filed 2011) - This claim is brought pursuant to Newfoundland and Labrador legislation that is substantially similar to the revised British Columbia statute described above. It seeks recovery of essentially the same types of damages sought in the British Columbia action based on analogous theories of liability. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate filed statements of defense in May 2016.      

 51 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Manitoba   (Ct. of Queen s Bench, Winnipeg Jud. Centre, filed 2012) - This claim is brought pursuant to Manitoba legislation that is substantially similar to the revised British Columbia statute described above. It seeks recovery of essen  tially the same types of damages sought in the British Columbia action based on analogous theories of liability. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate filed statements of defense in September 2014.     

Quebec   (Super. Ct. Quebec, Dist. Montreal, filed 2012) - This claim is brought pursuant to Quebec legislation that is substantially similar to the revised British Columbia statute described above. It seeks recovery of essentially the same types of damages being sought in the British Columbia action based on analogous theories of liability. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate filed defenses in December 2014. Pretrial discovery is ongoing.      

Saskatchewan   (Ct. of Queen s Bench, Jud. Centre Saskatoon, filed 2012) - This claim is brought pursuant to Saskatchewan legislation that is substantially similar to the revised British Columbia statute described above. It seeks recovery of essentially the same types of damages sought in the British Columbia action based on analogous theories of liability. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate filed statements of defense in February 2015.     

Alberta   (Ct. of Queen s Bench, Alberta Jud. Centre of Calgary, filed 2012) - This claim is brought pursuant to Alberta legislation that is substantially similar to the revised British Columbia statute described above. It seeks recovery of essentially the same types of damages sought in the British Columbia action based on analogous theories of liability. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate filed statements of defense in March 2016.     

Prince Edward Island   (Sup. Ct. P.E.I., Charlottetown, filed 2012) - This claim is brought pursuant to Prince Edward Island legislation that is substantially similar to the revised British Columbia statute described above. It seeks recovery of essentially the same types of damages sought in the British Columbia action based on analogous theories of liability. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate filed statements of defense in February 2015.     

Nova Scotia   (Sup. Ct. Nova Scotia, Halifax, filed 2015) - This claim is brought pursuant to Nova Scotia legislation that is substantially similar to the revised British Columbia statute described above. It seeks recovery of essentially the same types of damages sought in the British Columbia action based on analogous theories of liability. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate filed statements of defense in July 2015.     

 Seven putative class actions, which are described below, have been filed against various Canadian and non-Canadian tobacco-related entities, including RJR Tobacco and one of its affiliates, in Canadian provincial courts. In these cases, the plaintiffs allege claims based on fraud, fraudulent concealment, breach of warranty, breach of warranty of merchantability, and of fitness for a particular purpose, failure to warn, design defects, negligence, breach of a  special duty  to children and adolescents, conspiracy, concert of action, unjust enrichment, market share liability, and violations of various trade practices and competition statutes. The plaintiffs seek recovery on behalf of proposed classes of persons allegedly suffering from tobacco-related disease as a result of smoking defendants  cigarettes and seek recovery of compensatory and punitive damages, restitution, recovery of government health-care benefits, interest, and costs. Pursuant to the terms of the 1999 sale of RJR Tobacco s international tobacco business, RJR Tobacco has tendered the defense of these seven actions to JTI. Subject to a reservation of rights, JTI has assumed the defense of RJR Tobacco and its current or former affiliates in these actions. Plaintiffs  counsel have been actively pursuing only  Bourassa , the action pending in British Columbia, at this time. 

In   Kunka v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers  Council   (Ct. of Queen s Bench, Winnipeg Jud. Centre, filed 2009), the plaintiff seeks compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of a proposed class of persons who purchased or smoked defendants  cigarettes and suffered, or currently suffer, from tobacco-related disease, as well as restitution of profits and reimbursement of government expenditure for health-care benefits allegedly caused by the use of tobacco products.     

In   Dorion v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers  Council   (Ct. of Queen s Bench, Alberta Jud. Centre of Calgary   filed 2009), the plaintiff seeks compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of a proposed class of persons who purchased or smoked defendants  cigarettes and suffered, or currently suffer, from tobacco-related disease, as well as restitution of profits and reimbursement of government expenditure for health-care benefits allegedly caused by the use of tobacco products.     

In   Semple v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers  Council   (Sup. Ct. Nova Scotia, Halifax, filed 2009), the plaintiff seeks compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of a proposed class comprised of persons who purchased or smoked defendants  cigarettes for the period from January 1, 1954, to the expiry of the opt-out period as set by the court and suffered, or currently suffer, from tobacco-related disease, as well as restitution of profits and reimbursement of government expenditure for health-care costs allegedly caused by the use of tobacco products.      

In   Adams v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers  Council   (Ct. of Queen s Bench, Jud. Centre of Regina, filed 2009), the plaintiff seeks compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of a proposed class of persons who were alive on July 10, 2009, and suffered, or currently suffer, from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, emphysema, heart disease or cancer, after having smoked a minimum of 25,000 of defendants  cigarettes, as well as disgorgement of revenues earned by the defendants. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate have brought a motion challenging the jurisdiction of the Saskatchewan court.      

 52 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

In   Bourassa v. Imperial Tobacco Canada Ltd.   (Sup. Ct. of British Columbia, Victoria Registry, filed 2010), the plaintiff seeks compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of a proposed class of persons who were alive on June     12, 2007, and suffered, or cur  rently suffer, from chronic respiratory diseases, after having smoked a minimum of 25,000 of defendants  cigarettes, as well as disgorgement of revenues earned by the defendants from January     1, 1954, to the date the claim was filed. RJR Tobacco and its aff  iliate have filed a challenge to the jurisdiction of the British Columbia court. The plaintiff filed a motion for certification in April 2012, and filed affidavits in support in August 2013. An amended claim was filed in December 2014.     

In   McDermid v. Imperial Tobacco Canada Ltd.   (Sup. Ct. of British Columbia, Victoria Registry, filed 2010), the plaintiff seeks compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of a proposed class of persons who were alive on June 12, 2007, and suffered, or currently suffer, from heart disease, after having smoked a minimum of 25,000 of defendants  cigarettes, as well as disgorgement of revenues earned by the defendants from January 1, 1954, to the date the claim was filed. RJR Tobacco and its affiliate have filed a challenge to the jurisdiction of the British Columbia court.      

In   Jacklin v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers  Council   (Ontario Super. Ct. of Justice, St. Catherines, filed 2012), the plaintiff seeks compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of a proposed class of persons who were alive on June 12, 2007, and suffered, or currently suffer, from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, heart disease, or cancer, after having smoked a minimum of 25,000 of defendants  cigarettes, as well as restitution of profits, and reimbursement of government expenditure for health-care benefits allegedly caused by the use of tobacco products.     

   State Settlement Agreements   Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments 
 As of September 30, 2016, there were 28 cases concerning the enforcement, validity or interpretation of the State Settlement Agreements in which RJR Tobacco, B W or Lorillard Tobacco is a party. This number includes those cases, discussed below, relating to disputed payments under the State Settlement Agreements. 
 In May 2006, the State of Florida filed a motion, in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, in and for Palm Beach County, Florida, to enforce the Florida Settlement Agreement, for an accounting by Brown   Williamson Holdings, Inc., and for an Order of Contempt. The State asserted that B W failed to report in its net operating profit on its shipments, cigarettes manufactured by B W under contract for Star Tobacco or its parent, Star Scientific, Inc. The State is seeking approximately $12.4 million in additional payments under the Florida Settlement Agreement, as well as $17.0 million in interest payments. This matter is currently in the discovery phase. 
 NPM Adjustment Claims.  The MSA includes an adjustment that potentially reduces the annual payment obligations of RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco and the other PMs. Certain requirements, collectively referred to as the Adjustment Requirements, must be satisfied before the NPM Adjustment for a given year is available:  

an Independent Auditor must determine that the PMs have experienced a market share loss, beyond a triggering threshold, to those manufacturers that do not participate in the MSA, such non-participating manufacturers referred to as NPMs; and     

in a binding arbitration proceeding, a firm of independent economic consultants must find that the disadvantages of the MSA were a significant factor contributing to the loss of market share. This finding is known as a significant factor determination.      

 When the Adjustment Requirements are satisfied, the MSA provides that the NPM Adjustment applies to reduce the annual payment obligation of the PMs. However, an individual settling state may avoid its share of the NPM Adjustment if it had in place and diligently enforced during the entirety of the relevant year a  Qualifying Statute  that imposes escrow obligations on NPMs that are comparable to what the NPMs would have owed if they had joined the MSA. In such event, the state s share of the NPM Adjustment is reallocated to other settling states, if any, that did not have in place and diligently enforce a Qualifying Statute. 
 NPM Adjustment Claim for 2003.  For 2003, the Adjustment Requirements were satisfied. As a result, based on revised numbers calculated by the Independent Auditor, RJR Tobacco placed approximately $615 million, and Lorillard Tobacco placed approximately $109 million, of its 2006 and 2007 MSA payments into a disputed payments account, in accordance with a procedure established by the MSA.   
   As a result of this action, 37 of the settling states filed legal proceedings in their respective MSA courts seeking declaratory orders that they diligently enforced their Qualifying Statutes during 2003 and/or orders compelling RJR Tobacco and the other PMs that placed money in the disputed payments account to pay the disputed amounts to the settling states. In response, RJR Tobacco and other PMs, pursuant to the MSA s arbitration provisions, moved to compel arbitration of the parties  dispute concerning the 2003 NPM Adjustment, including the states  diligent enforcement claims, before an arbitration panel consisting of three retired federal court  
 53 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  judges.   The settling states opposed these motions, arguing, among other things, that the issue of diligent enforcement must be resolved by MSA courts in each of the 52 settling states and territories.  
 Forty-seven of the 48 courts that addressed the question whether the dispute concerning the 2003 NPM Adjustment is arbitrable ruled that arbitration was required under the MSA. The Montana Supreme Court ruled that the State of Montana did not agree to arbitrate the question of whether it diligently enforced a Qualifying Statute. Subsequently, Montana and the PMs reached an agreement whereby the PMs agreed not to contest Montana s claim that it diligently enforced the Qualifying Statute during 2003. 
 In January 2009, RJR Tobacco and certain other PMs entered into an Agreement Regarding Arbitration, referred to as the Arbitration Agreement, with 45 of the MSA settling states (representing approximately 90% of the allocable share of the settling states) pursuant to which those states agreed to participate in a multistate arbitration of issues related to the 2003 NPM Adjustment. Under the Arbitration Agreement, the signing states had their ultimate liability, if any, with respect to the 2003 NPM Adjustment reduced by 20%, and RJR Tobacco and the other PMs that placed their share of the disputed 2005 NPM Adjustment (discussed below) into the disputed payments account, without releasing or waiving any claims, authorized the release of those funds to the settling states. 
 The arbitration panel contemplated by the MSA and the Arbitration Agreement, referred to as the Arbitration Panel, was selected, and proceedings before the panel with respect to the 2003 NPM Adjustment claim began in July 2010. Following the completion of document and deposition discovery, on November 3, 2011, RJR Tobacco and the other PMs advised the Arbitration Panel that they were not contesting the  diligent enforcement  of 12 states and the four U.S. territories with a combined allocable share of less than 14%. The  diligent enforcement  of the remaining 33 settling states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico was contested and became the subject of further proceedings. A common issues hearing was held in April 2012, and state specific evidentiary hearings with respect to the contested states were initiated.  
 As a result of the partial settlement of certain NPM Adjustment claims, as described in more detail below, as well as the earlier decisions not to contest the diligent enforcement of 12 states, two of which are participants in the partial settlement, and the four U.S. territories, only 15 contested settling states required state specific diligent enforcement rulings. State specific evidentiary hearings were completed in May 2013.  
 In September 2013, the Arbitration Panel issued rulings with respect to the 15 remaining contested states. The Arbitration Panel ruled that six states   Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Missouri, New Mexico and Pennsylvania (collectively representing approximately 14.68% allocable share)   had not diligently enforced their Qualifying Statutes in 2003. Each of these six states filed motions to vacate and/or modify the diligent enforcement rulings on the 2003 NPM Adjustment claim. The status as to each of these states is as follows: 

Indiana and Kentucky (representing approximately 3.80% allocable share) subsequently joined the partial settlement of certain NPM Adjustment claims, as described in more detail below. Indiana participated in a joint motion to stay indefinitely further proceedings on the motions it had filed to vacate the settlement and to modify the adverse diligent enforcement ruling against it. Similarly, Kentucky has joined in a stipulation by the parties filed with the court in that state to stay further proceedings on its motions, but that stipulation has not yet been signed by the court.     

Pennsylvania dropped its challenge to the finding of non-diligence entered against it. However, the state court in Pennsylvania entered an order that modified the judgment reduction method that had been adopted by the Arbitration Panel, which reduced RJR Tobacco s and Lorillard Tobacco s recovery from this state by $54.0 million and $9.5 million, respectively. Upon appeal, in April 2015, the intermediate appellate court in Pennsylvania upheld the trial court ruling. The Pennsylvania Supreme Court declined to take the industry s appeal of that ruling. RJR Tobacco filed a petition for writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on April 21, 2016. On October 11, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court denied RJR Tobacco s petition for writ of certiorari.     

Missouri dropped its challenge to the finding of non-diligence entered against it. However, the state court in Missouri entered an order that modified the judgment reduction method that had been adopted by the Arbitration Panel which reduced RJR Tobacco s and Lorillard Tobacco s recovery from this state by $21.4 million and $3.8 million, respectively. Upon appeal, in September 2015, the intermediate appellate court in Missouri reversed the trial court ruling. Missouri is appealing that ruling to the Missouri Supreme Court. The appeal is fully briefed, and oral argument on the appeal is scheduled for November 8, 2016.     

Maryland dropped its challenge to the finding of non-diligence entered against it. Maryland s motion challenging the judgment reduction method adopted by the Arbitration Panel was denied by its state court. Upon appeal, in October 2015, the intermediate appellate court in Maryland reversed the trial court, the effect of which was to reduce RJR Tobacco s and Lorillard Tobacco s recovery from this state by a total of $21.2 million and $3.7 million, respectively. The Maryland Supreme Court declined to take the industry s appeal of that ruling. RJR Tobacco filed a petition for writ of certiorari with      

 54 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

New Mexico filed motions challenging the finding of non-diligence and seeking a modification of the judgment reduction method adopted by the Arbitration Panel. The New Mexico trial court denied the state s motion to vacate the finding of non-diligence, but granted the state s motion challenging the judgment reduction method that had been adopted by the Arbitration Panel, which reduced RJR Tobacco s and Lorillard Tobacco s recovery from this state by $5.6 million and $1 million, respectively. RJR Tobacco will appeal the court s ruling on the judgment reduction method.     

 As noted above, the effect from the three non-diligent states, Pennsylvania, Missouri and Maryland no longer challenging the findings of non-diligence entered against them by the Arbitration Panel was that a certain portion of the potential recovery from these three states was probable and reasonably estimable. Consequently, $93 million was recognized as a reduction of cost of products sold in RAI s consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2015. Therefore, RJR Tobacco now estimates that the maximum remaining amount of its claim and Lorillard Tobacco s claim with respect to the 2003 NPM Adjustment claim is $32 million and $6 million, respectively, plus any applicable interest and earnings. Until such time as the various remaining state motions challenging the rulings of the Arbitration Panel have been resolved, including any necessary appeals, uncertainty exists as to the timing, process and amount of RJR Tobacco s ultimate recovery with respect to its remaining share of the 2003 NPM Adjustment claim and, accordingly, no additional amounts for the remaining four non-diligent states have been recognized in RAI s condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) as of September 30, 2016. 
 NPM Adjustment Claims for 2004- 2015 .  From 2006 to 2008, proceedings (including significant factor arbitrations before an independent economic consulting firm) were initiated with respect to the NPM Adjustment for 2004, 2005 and 2006. Ultimately, the Adjustment Requirements were satisfied with respect to each of these NPM Adjustments.  
 In subsequent years, RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco, certain other PMs and the settling states entered into three separate agreements, covering fiscal years 2007 to 2009, fiscal years 2010 to 2012 and fiscal years 2013 to 2014, respectively, wherein the settling states would not contest that the disadvantages of the MSA were  a significant factor contributing to  the market share loss experienced by the PMs in those years. The stipulation pertaining to each of the years covered by the three agreements became effective in February of the year a final determination by the firm of independent economic consultants would otherwise have been expected if the issue had been arbitrated on the merits. RJR Tobacco and the PMs paid certain amounts into the States  Antitrust/Consumer Protection Tobacco Enforcement Fund established under Section VIII(c) of the MSA for each year covered by these agreements, with RJR Tobacco paying approximately 47% and Lorillard Tobacco paying approximately 20% of such amounts.  
 Based on the payment calculations of the Independent Auditor and the agreements described above regarding the significant factor determinations, the Adjustment Requirements have been satisfied with respect to the NPM Adjustments for fiscal years 2007 to 2013. Determination of satisfaction of the Adjustment Requirements for 2014 has not been made. The approximate maximum principal amounts of RJR Tobacco s and Lorillard Tobacco s shares of the disputed NPM Adjustments for the years 2004 through 2014 (in millions), as currently calculated by the Independent Auditor, and the remaining amounts after the settlements of certain NPM Adjustments claims (see below), are as follows  (1) : 

(1)    
 
   The amounts shown above do not include the interest or earnings thereon to which RJR Tobacco and Lorillard Tobacco believe they would be entitled under the MSA.    

55 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    In addition to the above, SFNTC s portion of the   disputed NPM Adjustments for the years 2004 through 2014 is approximately $67 million and the remaining amount after the settlements is approximately $26 million.     
   
 The 2015 volume year NPM Adjustments for RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco and SFNTC are $481 million, $41 million and $18 million, respectively. 
 The 2004 NPM Adjustment proceeding is underway before two overlapping panels, with one panel hearing the issues with respect to five states and the other panel hearing the issues as to the remaining states that will be part of the arbitration. A case management order governing the arbitration was entered on June 14, 2016. Under the timing established by that case management order, it is expected that discovery in the arbitration proceedings will be completed by the end of the second quarter of 2017 and that a hearing on common issues will take place before the end of the third quarter of 2017. State specific evidentiary hearings are expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2017 and will likely conclude by the end of the third quarter of 2018. Diligent enforcement rulings from the panels are likely by the end of the fourth quarter of 2018. RJR Tobacco s and Lorillard Tobacco s remaining claim with respect to 2004 is approximately $251 million. 
 Missouri has obtained an order from the Missouri court of appeals for a separate state specific arbitration of the diligent enforcement issue, although that ruling is on appeal. Also, in the context of the 2003 NPM Adjustment proceedings, Montana obtained a ruling from the Montana Supreme Court that the issue of diligent enforcement under the MSA must be heard before that state s MSA court. Finally, New Mexico and the four U.S. territories have been asked to join the 2004 NPM Adjustment Arbitration, but have not yet done so. 
 Due to the uncertainty over the final resolution of the 2004-2015 NPM Adjustment claims asserted by RJR Tobacco, no assurances can be made related to the amounts, if any, that will be realized or any amounts (including interest) that will be owed, except as described below related to the partial settlement of certain NPM Adjustment claims. 
 Settlement/Partial Settlement of Certain NPM Adjustment Claims.  In November 2012, RJR Tobacco, certain other PMs and certain settling states entered into a Term Sheet that set forth terms on which accrued and potential NPM Adjustment claims for 2003 through 2014 could be resolved. The Term Sheet also set forth a restructured NPM Adjustment process to be applied on a going-forward basis, starting with the 2013 volume year. The Term Sheet was provided to all of the MSA settling states for their review and consideration. A total of 17 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, collectively representing approximately 42% allocable share, joined the proposed settlement. RJR Tobacco and the other PMs indicated that they were prepared to go forward with the proposed settlement with that level of jurisdictional participation.   
 The Term Sheet provided that the Arbitration Panel in place to deal with the 2003 NPM Adjustment (and other NPM Adjustment-related matters) must review the proposed settlement and enter an appropriate order to confirm for the Independent Auditor that it should implement, as necessary, the terms of the settlement agreement.  
 In March 2013, the Arbitration Panel entered a Stipulated Partial Settlement and Award, referred to as the Award, reflecting the financial terms of the Term Sheet. Shortly thereafter, the Independent Auditor issued a notice indicating that it intended to implement the financial provisions of the Term Sheet, and also issued various revised payment calculations pertaining to payment years 2009 through 2012 and final calculations pertaining to payment year 2013 that reflected implementation of the financial provisions of the Term Sheet.  
 Subsequently in 2013, Oklahoma, Connecticut and South Carolina joined the Term Sheet. Efforts by two states, Colorado and Ohio, to obtain injunctions to prevent implementation of the Award were unsuccessful that year. 
 In June 2014, Kentucky and Indiana, both of which were among the states found  non-diligent  by the Arbitration Panel, joined the Term Sheet on financial terms more favorable to the industry than those agreed to by the original signatory states. Twenty-four jurisdictions have joined the settlement representing approximately 49.87% allocable share. 
 On October 20, 2015, RJR Tobacco and certain other PMs (including SFNTC) entered into the NY Settlement Agreement with the State of New York to settle certain claims related to the NPM Adjustment. The NY Settlement Agreement resolves NPM Adjustment claims related to payment years from 2004 through 2014 and puts in place a new method to determine future adjustments from 2015 forward as to New York. With the addition of New York s allocable share of 12.76%, RJR Tobacco has resolved the 2004 through 2014 NPM Adjustments with 25 jurisdictions, representing approximately 62.63% allocable share. 
   On February 8, 2016, Missouri conditionally joined the Term Sheet on financial terms more favorable to the industry than those received by the original signatory states. Various provisions regarding the timing of credits to be received by RJR Tobacco and the  
 56 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  other PMs and disbursements to Missouri from the Disputed Payments Account are also set forth in the condit  ional joinder. Missouri s joinder was conditioned upon the enactment by the Missouri legislature of Allocable Share Repeal legislation in Missouri with an effective date making such legislation applicable to NPM cigarettes sold in Missouri beginning no lat  er than August 28, 2016. This condition was not satisfied, and thus the conditional joinder was terminated.  
 For additional information related to the Term Sheet, the NY Settlement Agreement and the 2003 NPM Adjustment, see    Cost of Products Sold  in note 1. 
     Other Litigation and Developments 
 JTI Claims for Indemnification . By a purchase agreement dated March 9, 1999, amended and restated as of May 11, 1999, referred to as the 1999 Purchase Agreement, RJR and RJR Tobacco sold its international tobacco business to JTI. Under the 1999 Purchase Agreement, RJR and RJR Tobacco retained certain liabilities relating to the international tobacco business sold to JTI. Under its reading of the indemnification provisions of the 1999 Purchase Agreement, JTI has requested indemnification for damages allegedly arising out of these retained liabilities. As previously reported, a number of the indemnification claims between the parties relating to the activities of Northern Brands in Canada have been resolved. The other matters for which JTI has requested indemnification for damages under the indemnification provisions of the 1999 Purchase Agreement are described below:  

In a letter dated March 31, 2006, counsel for JTI stated that JTI would be seeking indemnification under the 1999 Purchase Agreement for any damages it may incur or may have incurred arising out of a Southern District of New York grand jury investigation, a now-terminated Eastern District of North Carolina grand jury investigation, and various actions filed by the European Community and others in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York, referred to as the EDNY, against RJR Tobacco and certain of its affiliates on November 3, 2000, August 6, 2001, and (as discussed in greater detail below) October 30, 2002, and against JTI on January 11, 2002.     

JTI also has sought indemnification relating to a Statement of Claim filed on April 23, 2010, in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice, London, against JTI Macdonald Corp., referred to as JTI-MC, by the Ontario Flue-Cured Tobacco Growers  Marketing Board, referred to as the Board, Andy J. Jacko, Brian Baswick, Ron Kichler, and Aprad Dobrenty, proceeding on their own behalf and on behalf of a putative class of Ontario tobacco producers that sold tobacco to JTI-MC during the period between January 1, 1986 and December 31, 1996, referred to as the Class Period, through the Board pursuant to certain agreements. The Statement of Claim seeks recovery for damages allegedly incurred by the class representatives and the putative class for tobacco sales during the Class Period made at the contract price for duty free or export cigarettes with respect to cigarettes that, rather than being sold duty free or for export, purportedly were sold in Canada, which allegedly breached one or more of a series of contracts dated between June 4, 1986, and July 3, 1996. A motion to dismiss on the basis of statute of limitations was denied, and the appeal from that ruling was dismissed on July 4, 2016. A further appeal was filed on July 26, 2016. A decision is pending.     

Finally, JTI has advised RJR and RJR Tobacco of its view that, under the terms of the 1999 Purchase Agreement, RJR and RJR Tobacco are liable for a roughly $1.85 million judgment entered in 1998, plus interest and costs, in an action filed in Brazil by Lutz Hanneman, a former employee of a former RJR Tobacco subsidiary. RJR and RJR Tobacco deny that they are liable for this judgment under the terms of the 1999 Purchase Agreement.     

 Although RJR and RJR Tobacco recognize that, under certain circumstances, they may have these and other unresolved indemnification obligations to JTI under the 1999 Purchase Agreement, RJR and RJR Tobacco disagree with JTI as to (1) what circumstances relating to any such matters may give rise to indemnification obligations by RJR and RJR Tobacco, and (2) the nature and extent of any such obligation. RJR and RJR Tobacco have conveyed their position to JTI, and the parties have agreed to resolve their differences at a later time. 
 European Community.  In  European Community v. RJR Nabisco, Inc.  (U.S.D.C. E.D.N.Y., filed 2002), the European Community and several of its member states allege that RJR, RJR Tobacco and other currently and formerly related companies engaged in money laundering and other conduct violating civil RICO and a variety of common laws. The plaintiffs also allege that the defendants manufactured cigarettes that were eventually sold in Iraq in violation of U.S. sanctions. The plaintiffs seek compensatory, punitive and treble damages among other types of relief. On February 15, 2010, the defendants moved to dismiss, and the action has been stayed and largely inactive since then while the parties have litigated that motion. On March 8, 2011, the district court granted the defendants  motion in part and dismissed the plaintiffs  RICO claims. On May 13, 2011, the district court granted the remaining portion of the defendants  motion and dismissed the plaintiffs  state-law claims based on the court s lack of subject matter jurisdiction. The plaintiffs appealed to the Second Circuit.   
   On April 29, 2014, the Second Circuit vacated and remanded in a decision concluding that (1) as pled, the RICO claims are within the scope of the RICO statute, and (2) the federal court has subject matter jurisdiction over the state-law claims. The defendants  
 57 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  sought rehearing and rehearing   en banc  . On August     20, 2014, the Second Circuit denied panel rehearing and issued an amended opinion   that,   in addition t  o adhering to the earlier opinion, held that a civil RICO cause of action extends to extraterritorial injuries.   The U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari and, on June 20, 2016, reversed the Second Circuit s decision and ordered the dismissal of the plainti  ffs  RICO damages claims, finding that RICO civil causes of action extend only to domestic injuries, which claims the plaintiffs had abandoned. The court also held that any private RICO claims for equitable relief must also rest on domestic injuries but re  served decision on whether the plaintiffs had alleged such claims. The court s decision does not affect the plaintiffs  common-law claims. After remand, the district court entered an order allowing the plaintiffs to file an amended complaint by October 24,   2016, and directing the parties to submit a joint briefing schedule for the defendants  anticipated motion to dismiss. Further, the district court stayed discovery until ten days after entry of an order deciding the defendants  anticipated motion to dismi  ss.  
 Fontem Patent Litigation . On April 4, 2016, a case was filed in federal court,  Fontem Ventures B.V. and Fontem Holdings 1 B.V. v. R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company  (U.S.D.C. C.D. Cal.), which alleges that VUSE products infringe four patents owned by Fontem purportedly directed to e-cigarettes. On May 3, 2016, Fontem filed a second complaint asserting that the VUSE products infringe two additional Fontem patents purportedly directed to e-cigarettes. On June 22, 2016, Fontem filed a third complaint asserting that the VUSE products infringe one additional Fontem patent purportedly directed to e-cigarettes. RJR Vapor filed an answer in the first case on June 27, 2016, and an amended answer on July 25, 2016. RJR Vapor also filed answers in the second and third cases on July 25, 2016. On June 29, 2016, RJR Vapor filed a motion to transfer the three cases to the Middle District of North Carolina, which was granted on August 8, 2016. Transfer of the action to the Middle District of North Carolina is pending.  
 Also, as of September 28, 2016, RJR Vapor filed petitions for  inter partes  review against six of the seven asserted patents. A petition for  inter partes  review with respect to the seventh asserted patent will be filed soon. 
 FDA Litigation.  On February 25, 2011, RJR Tobacco, Lorillard and Lorillard Tobacco jointly filed a lawsuit,  Lorillard, Inc. v. U.S. Food and Drug Administration , in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, challenging the composition of TPSAC which had been established by the FDA under the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act, referred to as the FDA Tobacco Act. The complaint alleges that certain members of the TPSAC and certain members of its Constituents Subcommittee have financial and appearance conflicts of interest that are disqualifying under federal ethics law and regulations, and that the TPSAC is not  fairly balanced,  as required by the Federal Advisory Committee Act, referred to as FACA. In March 2011, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which added an additional claim, based on a nonpublic meeting of members of the TPSAC, in violation of the FACA. The court granted the plaintiffs  unopposed motion to file a second amended complaint adding a count addressing the FDA s refusal to produce all documents generated by the TPSAC and its subcommittee in preparation of the menthol report. On July 21, 2014, the court granted the plaintiffs  summary judgment motions finding that three members of the TPSAC Committee had impermissible conflicts of interest. As relief, the court ordered the FDA to reconstitute the committee in conformance with the law and enjoined the agency from using or relying on the TPSAC s 2011 Menthol Report. On September 18, 2014, the FDA appealed the decision to the D.C. Circuit. On January 15, 2016, the appellate court reversed the decision of the district court, finding that the plaintiffs did not have standing to challenge appointments of certain TPSAC members. Under the appellate court s order, the three former committee members can serve once again on the TPSAC and FDA can rely on the TPSAC menthol report. On May 9, 2016, the plaintiffs  petition for rehearing or rehearing  en banc  was denied. On May 18, 2016, the appellate court issued a mandate vacating the injunction that had barred use of the TPSAC menthol report and had ordered reconstitution of the TPSAC.  
 On April 14, 2015, RJR Tobacco, American Snuff Co., SFNTC, Philip Morris USA Inc., U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company LLC, and Lorillard Tobacco jointly filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia challenging the FDA s March 4, 2015  guidance  document,  Guidance for Industry: Demonstrating the Substantial Equivalence of a New Tobacco Product: Responses to Frequently Asked Questions.  The FDA s guidance attempted to require the FDA s prior approval for all changes to the label of a tobacco product that would render the product  distinct  and a  new tobacco product,  even though there was no change to the product itself. Similarly, the FDA s guidance claims that prior approval would also be required for changes in the quantity of products sold within a package. The complaint alleged that the FDA s guidance was contrary to and exceeded the FDA s authority under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, referred to as the FDCA; violated First Amendment rights because it restricted and chilled protected commercial speech about tobacco products; and was issued under the guise of  guidance  to avoid the notice-and-comment rulemaking requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act and the FDCA and subsequent judicial review. The plaintiffs requested that the court prevent the FDA from enforcing the guidance. On April 3, 2015, RAI Services Company, on behalf of RAI s above-mentioned operating companies, also filed comments with the FDA, explaining the reasons why the companies disagree with the guidance. In May 2015, the FDA adopted an  Interim Enforcement Policy,  which stated that the FDA was considering regulatory comments and that it did not  intend to issue any warning letters or take steps to initiate any judicial or administrative adversarial proceedings  pursuant to its March 4, 2015, guidance during that period of review and consideration. Plaintiffs therefore dismissed the case without prejudice on June 2, 2015. 
   On September 8, 2015, the FDA issued a revised version of the same document entitled,  Guidance for Industry: Demonstrating the Substantial Equivalence of a New Tobacco Product: Responses to Frequently Asked Questions (Edition 2).  The revised version  
 58 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  did not ma  terially change the requirements set forth in the prior version regarding changes to product labels and changes to the quantity of products sold within a package. Accordingly, on September 30, 2015, RJR Tobacco, American Snuff Co., SFNTC, Philip Morris USA   Inc., U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company LLC, and ITG filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia challenging the FDA s September 8, 2015,  guidance  document. The September 30, 2015 complaint contains arguments and allegations tha  t are substantially similar to those contained in the April 14, 2015 complaint. The plaintiffs have requested that the court prevent the FDA from enforcing the revised version of its guidance. On October 30, 2015, the plaintiffs filed a motion for summary   judgment. On December 8, 2015, the government filed its opposition to the plaintiffs  motion for summary judgment as well as its own motion to dismiss or, in the alternative, motion for summary judgment. On June 9, 2016, the court heard oral argument on th  e parties  respective motions. On August 16, 2016, the court granted summary judgment for the plaintiffs on the issue of labeling changes, finding that such changes do not require a substantial equivalence review. The court, however, found that product qua  ntity changes do require a substantial equivalence review. Neither party is appealing the decision.  
 For a detailed description of the FDA Tobacco Act, see    Governmental Activity  in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  in Part I, Item 2. 
 Smokeless Tobacco Litigation 
 In 1999, when the IPIC litigation was first filed, the named defendants included manufacturers of smokeless products, including Conwood Company, LLC (now known as American Snuff Company, LLC) and others. When the IPIC plaintiffs filed discovery responses in IPIC listing the products they used, 41 of them listed a smokeless product. Six of those 41 plaintiffs listed a brand owned by American Snuff (Levi Garrett). Seven listed a brand (Beechnut) once manufactured by Lorillard Tobacco (now manufactured by National Tobacco Company). On December 3, 2001, the IPIC court severed all smokeless claims and all smokeless defendants from IPIC. There was no order staying the case during IPIC. In the ensuing 15 years, the plaintiffs in the severed cases did nothing to pursue the cases. The plaintiffs now seek to activate various smokeless claims, including certain plaintiffs whose cases were dismissed in IPIC after severance of the smokeless claims and whose claims are not counted in the 41 claims described above. After a status conference on July 11, 2016, the court set a schedule for briefing the issue of whether the severed claims should be dismissed because of the prolonged inaction in the case.  The defendants moved to dismiss on that ground on September 26, 2016, and plaintiffs  response will be forthcoming. 
 Tobacco Buyout Legislation 
 In 2004, legislation was passed eliminating the U.S. Government s tobacco production controls and price support program. The buyout of tobacco quota holders provided for in the Fair and Equitable Tobacco Reform Act, referred to as FETRA, was funded by a direct quarterly assessment on every tobacco product manufacturer and importer, on a market-share basis measured on volume to which federal excise tax was applied. The aggregate cost of the buyout to the industry was approximately $9.9 billion, including approximately $9.6 billion payable to quota tobacco holders and growers through industry assessments over ten years, into 2014, and approximately $290 million for the liquidation of quota tobacco stock. RAI s operating subsidiaries recorded the FETRA assessment on a quarterly basis as cost of goods sold. RAI s operating subsidiaries  overall share of the buyout approximated $2.5 billion prior to the deduction of permitted offsets under the MSA. The FETRA assessment expired in September 2014. 
 ERISA Litigation 
 In May 2002, in  Tatum v. The R.J.R. Pension Investment Committee of the R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company Capital Investment Plan , an employee of RJR Tobacco filed a class-action suit in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina, alleging that the defendants, RJR, RJR Tobacco, the RJR Employee Benefits Committee and the RJR Pension Investment Committee, violated the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, referred to as ERISA. The actions about which the plaintiff complains stem from a decision made in 1999 by RJR Nabisco Holdings Corp., subsequently renamed Nabisco Group Holdings Corp., referred to as NGH, to spin off RJR, thereby separating NGH s tobacco business and food business. As part of the spin-off, the 401(k) plan for the previously related entities had to be divided into two separate plans for the now separate tobacco and food businesses. The plaintiff contends that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to participants of the RJR 401(k) plan when the defendants removed the stock funds of the companies involved in the food business, NGH and Nabisco Holdings Corp., referred to as Nabisco, as investment options from the RJR 401(k) plan approximately six months after the spin-off. The plaintiff asserts that a November 1999 amendment (the  1999 Amendment ) that eliminated the NGH and Nabisco funds from the RJR 401(k) plan on January 31, 2000, contained sufficient discretion for the defendants to have retained the NGH and Nabisco funds after January 31, 2000, and that the failure to exercise such discretion was a breach of fiduciary duty. In his complaint, the plaintiff requests, among other things, that the court require the defendants to pay as damages to the RJR 401(k) plan an amount equal to the subsequent appreciation that was purportedly lost as a result of the liquidation of the NGH and Nabisco funds. 
 59 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    In July 2002, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss, which the court granted in December 2003  . In December 2004, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit reversed the dismissal of the complaint, holding that the 1999 Amendment did contain sufficient discretion for the defendants to have retained the NGH and Nabisco funds as of February     1,   2000, and remanded the case for further proceedings. The court granted the plaintiff leave to file an amended complaint and denied all pending motions as moot. In April 2007, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint. The court granted the moti  on in part and denied it in part, dismissing all claims against the RJR Employee Benefits Committee and the RJR Pension Investment Committee. The plaintiff filed a motion for class certification, which the court granted in September 2008.   
 A non-jury trial was held in January and February 2010. On February 25, 2013, the district court dismissed the case with prejudice, finding that a hypothetical prudent fiduciary could have made the same decision and thus the plan s loss was not caused by the procedural prudence which the court found to have existed. On August 4, 2014, the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, referred to as Fourth Circuit, reversed, holding that the district court applied the wrong standard when it held that the defendants did not cause any loss to the plan, determined the test was whether a hypothetical prudent fiduciary would have made the same decision and remanded the case back to the district court to apply the  would have standard.  On February 18, 2016, the district court dismissed the case with prejudice, finding that the defendants have shown by a preponderance of the evidence that a fiduciary acting with prudence would have divested the NGH and Nabisco Funds at the time and in the manner that the defendants did. On March 17, 2016, the plaintiff appealed arguing that the district court erred in finding that a hypothetical prudent fiduciary would have divested the NGH and Nabisco Funds at the same time and in the same manner as RJR.  Briefing before the Fourth Circuit is complete.  Oral argument has not been scheduled. 
 Environmental Matters 
 RAI and its subsidiaries are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances. Such laws and regulations provide for significant fines, penalties and liabilities, sometimes without regard to whether the owner or operator of the property or facility knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, third parties may make claims against owners or operators of properties for personal injuries and property damage associated with releases of hazardous or toxic substances. In the past, RJR Tobacco has been named a potentially responsible party with third parties under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act with respect to several superfund sites. RAI and its subsidiaries are not aware of any current environmental matters that are expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial position of RAI or its subsidiaries. 
 RAI and its operating subsidiaries believe that climate change is an environmental issue primarily driven by carbon dioxide emissions from the use of energy. RAI s operating subsidiaries are working to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by minimizing the use of energy where cost effective, minimizing waste to landfills and increasing recycling. Climate change is not viewed by RAI s operating subsidiaries as a significant direct economic risk to their businesses, but rather an indirect risk involving the potential for a longer-term general increase in the cost of doing business. Regulatory changes are difficult to predict, but the current regulatory risks to the business of RAI s operating subsidiaries with respect to climate change are relatively low. Financial impacts will be driven more by the cost of natural gas and electricity. Efforts are made to anticipate the effect of increases in fuel costs directly impacting RAI s operating subsidiaries by evaluating natural gas usage and market conditions. Occasionally forward contracts are purchased, limited to a two-year period, for natural gas. In addition, RAI s operating subsidiaries are continually evaluating energy conservation measures and energy efficient equipment to mitigate impacts of increases in energy costs, and adopting or utilizing such measures and equipment where appropriate. 
 Regulations promulgated by the EPA and other governmental agencies under various statutes have resulted in, and likely will continue to result in, substantial expenditures for pollution control, waste treatment or handling, facility modification and similar activities. RAI and its subsidiaries are engaged in a continuing program to comply with federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, and dependent upon the probability of occurrence and reasonable estimation of cost, accrue or disclose any material liability. Although it is difficult to reasonably estimate the portion of capital expenditures or other costs attributable to compliance with environmental laws and regulations, RAI does not expect such expenditures or other costs to have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position of RAI or its subsidiaries. 
 Shareholder Case 
   RAI, the members of the RAI board of directors and BAT have been named as defendants in a putative class-action lawsuit captioned  Corwin v. British American Tobacco PLC ,  et al ., brought in North Carolina state court, referred to as the North Carolina Action, by a person identifying himself as a shareholder of RAI. The North Carolina Action was initiated on August 8, 2014, and an amended complaint was filed on November 7, 2014. The amended complaint generally alleges, among other things, that the members of the RAI board of directors breached their fiduciary duties to RAI shareholders by approving the BAT Share Purchase and the  
 60 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  sharing of technology with BAT. The amended complaint also alleges that there   were various   conflicts   of interest in the transaction, and that RAI aided and abetted the alleged breaches of fiduciary duties by its board of directors. The North Carolina Action seeks injunctive relief, damages and reimbursement of costs, among other rem  edies.   On January   2, 2015, the plaintiff in the North Carolina Action filed a motion for a preliminary injunction seeking to enjoin temporarily the RAI shareholder meeting and votes scheduled for January     28, 2015.     RAI and the RAI board of directors timely   opposed that motion prior to a hearing that was scheduled to occur on January     16, 2015.     
 RAI believed that the North Carolina Action was without merit and that no further disclosure was necessary to supplement the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus under applicable laws. However, to eliminate certain burdens, expenses and uncertainties, on January 17, 2015, RAI and the director defendants in the North Carolina Action entered into the North Carolina Memorandum of Understanding regarding the settlement of the disclosure claims asserted in that lawsuit. The North Carolina Memorandum of Understanding outlines the terms of the parties  agreement in principle to settle and release the disclosure claims which were or could have been asserted in the North Carolina Action. In consideration of the partial settlement and release, RAI agreed to make certain supplemental disclosures to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which it did on January 20, 2015. On August 4, 2015, the trial court granted the defendants  motions to dismiss all of the remaining non-disclosure claims. The plaintiff has appealed the dismissal. Oral argument on the appeal occurred on April 27, 2016, and a decision is pending. On February 17, 2016, the trial court approved the partial settlement, including the plaintiff s unopposed request for $415,000 in attorneys  fees and costs. The partial settlement did not affect the consideration paid to Lorillard shareholders in connection with the Merger. 
 Other Contingencies 
 JTI Indemnities . In connection with the sale of the international tobacco business to JTI, pursuant to the 1999 Purchase Agreement, RJR and RJR Tobacco agreed to indemnify JTI against:  

any liabilities, costs and expenses arising out of the imposition or assessment of any tax with respect to the international tobacco business arising prior to the sale, other than as reflected on the closing balance sheet;     

any liabilities, costs and expenses that JTI or any of its affiliates, including the acquired entities, may incur after the sale with respect to any of RJR s or RJR Tobacco s employee benefit and welfare plans; and     

any liabilities, costs and expenses incurred by JTI or any of its affiliates arising out of certain activities of Northern Brands.     

 As described above in    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Other Litigation and Developments   JTI Claims for Indemnification,  RJR Tobacco has received claims for indemnification from JTI, and several of these have been resolved. Although RJR and RJR Tobacco recognize that, under certain circumstances, they may have other unresolved indemnification obligations to JTI under the 1999 Purchase Agreement, RJR and RJR Tobacco disagree what circumstances described in such claims give rise to any indemnification obligations by RJR and RJR Tobacco and the nature and extent of any such obligation. RJR and RJR Tobacco have conveyed their position to JTI, and the parties have agreed to resolve their differences at a later date.  
 In connection with the sale of the international rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks to JTI Holding, along with the international companies that distribute and market the brand outside the United States, pursuant to the 2015 Purchase Agreement, SFNTC, R. J. Reynolds Global Products, Inc., and R. J. Reynolds Tobacco B.V. agreed to indemnify JTI Holding against, among other things, any liabilities, costs, and expenses relating to actions: 

brought by (1) a governmental authority to enforce legislation implementing European Union Directive 2001/37/EC or European Directive 2014/40/EU or (2) consumers or a consumer association; and     

arising out of any statement or claim (1) made on or before January 13, 2016, (2) by any company sold to JTI Holding in the transaction, (3) concerning NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand products consumed or intended to be consumed outside of the United States and (4) that the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand product is natural, organic, or additive free.     

 Indemnification of Distributors and Retailers.  RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco, SFNTC, American Snuff Co. and RJR Vapor have entered into agreements to indemnify certain distributors and retailers from liability and related defense costs arising out of the sale or distribution of their products. Additionally, SFNTC has entered into an agreement to indemnify a supplier from liability and related defense costs arising out of the sale or use of SFNTC s products. The cost has been, and is expected to be, insignificant. RJR Tobacco, SFNTC, American Snuff Co. and RJR Vapor believe that the indemnified claims are substantially similar in nature and extent to the claims that they are already exposed to by virtue of their having manufactured those products.  
 61 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    ITG Indemnity  . In the purchase agreement relating to the Divestiture, RAI agreed to defend and indemnify, subject to certain conditions and limitations, ITG in connection with claims relating to   the purchase or use of one or more of the WINSTON, KOOL, SALEM, or MAVERICK cigarette brands on or before June 12, 2015, as well as in actions filed before June 13, 2023, relating to the purchase or use of one or more of the WINSTON, KOOL, SALEM, or MAVER  ICK cigarette brands. In the purchase agreement relating to the Divestiture, ITG agreed to defend and indemnify, subject to certain conditions and limitations, RAI and its affiliates in connection with claims relating to the purchase or use of blu brand e-  cigarettes. ITG also agreed to defend and indemnify, subject to certain conditions and limitations, RAI and its affiliates in actions filed after June 12, 2023, relating to the purchase or use of one or more of the WINSTON, KOOL, SALEM, or MAVERICK cigaret  te brands after June 12, 2015.  
 Loews Indemnity . In 2008, Loews Corporation, referred to as Loews, entered into an agreement with Lorillard, Lorillard Tobacco, and certain of their affiliates, which agreement is referred to as the Separation Agreement. In the Separation Agreement, Lorillard agreed to indemnify Loews and its officers, directors, employees and agents against all costs and expenses arising out of third party claims (including, without limitation, attorneys  fees, interest, penalties and costs of investigation or preparation of defense), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities, taxes, demands, assessments, and amounts paid in settlement based on, arising out of or resulting from, among other things, Loews s ownership of or the operation of Lorillard and its assets and properties, and its operation or conduct of its businesses at any time prior to or following the separation of Lorillard and Loews (including with respect to any product liability claims). Loews is a defendant in three pending product liability actions, each of which is a putative class action. Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Lorillard is required to indemnify Loews for the amount of any losses and any legal or other fees with respect to such cases. Following the closing of the Merger, RJR Tobacco assumed Lorillard s obligations under the Separation Agreement as was required under the Separation Agreement.   
 Except as otherwise noted above, RAI is not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, related to these indemnification obligations. 

62 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
          No    te 11   Sh  areholders  Equity   

63 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss   
 The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows:  

The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, were as follows:  

Details about the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and the affected line items in the condensed consolidated statement of income (unaudited) for the three months ended September 30, were as follows:  

Components  

Amounts Reclassified  

Affected Line Item  

2016  

2015  

Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans:  

Amortization of prior service costs  

$  
 
 (5  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (4  
 
 )  

Cost of products sold  

Amortization of prior service costs  

(4  
 
 )  

(5  
 
 )  

Selling, general and administrative expenses  

(9  
 
 )  

(9  
 
 )  

Operating income  

Deferred taxes  

3  

4  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

(6  
 
 )  

(5  
 
 )  

Net income  

Long-term investments:  

Realized loss, net on long-term investments  

10  

Other expense, net  

Deferred taxes  

(4  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

6  

Net income  

Hedging instruments:  

Amortization of realized loss  

1  

Interest and debt expense  

Deferred taxes  

(1  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

Net income  

Total reclassifications  

$  

$  
 
 (5  
 
 )  

Net income  

64 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Details about the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and the affected line items in the condensed consolidated statement of income (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, were as follows:  

Components  

Amounts Reclassified  

Affected Line Item  

2016  

2015  

Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans:  

Amortization of prior service costs  

$  
 
 (15  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (15  
 
 )  

Cost of products sold  

Amortization of prior service costs  

(14  
 
 )  

(14  
 
 )  

Selling, general and administrative expenses  

(29  
 
 )  

(29  
 
 )  

Operating income  

Deferred taxes  

11  

11  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

(18  
 
 )  

(18  
 
 )  

Net income  

Long-term investments:  

Realized loss, net on long-term investments  

7  

Other expense, net  

Deferred taxes  

(3  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

4  

Net income  

Hedging instruments:  

Forward starting interest rate contracts  

17  

Other expense, net  

Amortization of realized loss  

2  

Interest and debt expense  

17  

2  

Income before income taxes  

Deferred taxes  

(6  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

11  

1  

Net income  

Cumulative translation adjustment:  

Derecognition of cumulative translation adjustment  

27  

Gain on divestitures  

Total reclassifications  

$  
 
 24  

$  
 
 (17  
 
 )  

Net income  

Share Repurchases and Other  
 Restricted stock units granted in March 2013 and May 2015 under the Amended and Restated 2009 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, referred to as the Omnibus Plan, vested in March 2016 and May 2016, respectively, and were settled with the issuance of 2,864,029 shares of RAI common stock. In addition, during the first nine months of 2016, at a cost of $56 million, RAI purchased 1,118,283 shares of RAI common stock that were forfeited and cancelled with respect to tax liabilities associated with restricted stock units vesting under the Omnibus Plan.  
 In November 2011, RAI, B W and BAT entered into Amendment No. 3 to the governance agreement, dated as of July 30, 2004, as amended, referred to as the Governance Agreement, pursuant to which RAI has agreed that, so long as the beneficial ownership interest of BAT and its subsidiaries in RAI has not dropped below 25%, if RAI issues shares of its common stock or any other RAI equity security to certain designated persons, including its directors, officers or employees, then RAI will repurchase a number of shares of outstanding RAI common stock so that the number of outstanding shares of RAI common stock are not increased, and the beneficial ownership interest of BAT and its subsidiaries in RAI is not decreased, by such issuance after taking into account such repurchase. During the first nine months of 2016, RAI repurchased 1,817,846 shares of RAI common stock for $93 million in accordance with the Governance Agreement.  
 On July 25, 2016, the board of directors of RAI authorized the repurchase, from time to time, on or before year-end 2018, of up to $2 billion of outstanding shares of RAI common stock in open-market or privately negotiated transactions, referred to as the Share Repurchase Program.  The purchases are subject to prevailing market and business conditions, and the program may be terminated or suspended at any time.  In connection with the Share Repurchase Program, B W and Louisville Securities Limited, referred to as LSL, wholly owned subsidiaries of BAT, entered into an agreement, referred to as the Share Repurchase Agreement, with RAI, pursuant to which BAT and its subsidiaries will participate in the Share Repurchase Program on a basis approximately proportionate with BAT s and its subsidiaries  ownership of RAI s common stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, RAI repurchased 1,565,698 shares of RAI common stock for $75 million in accordance with the Share Repurchase Program. 
 65 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Due to RAI s incorporation in North Carolina, which does not recognize treasury shares, the shares repurchased were cancelled at time of purchase.   
 On February 10, 2016, May 5, 2016, and July 25, 2016, RAI s board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend per common share of $0.42, $0.42 and $0.46, payable to shareholders of record as of March 10, 2016, June 10, 2016, and September 12, 2016, respectively. 
 On an annualized basis, the current dividend rate is $1.84 per common share.  

Note 12   Stock Plans  
 Three-Year Grant 
 In February 2016, the board of directors of RAI approved a grant to key employees of RAI and its subsidiaries, effective March 1, 2016, of 1,071,544 nonvested restricted stock units under the Omnibus Plan. The restricted stock units generally will vest on March 1, 2019. Upon settlement, each grantee will receive a number of shares of RAI s common stock equal to the product of the number of vested units and a percentage up to 150% based on the average RAI annual incentive award plan score over the three-year period ending December 31, 2018.  
 As an equity-based grant, compensation expense relating to the 2016 grant will take into account the vesting period lapsed and will be calculated based on the per share closing price of RAI common stock on the date of grant, or $50.49. Following the vesting date, each grantee will receive a cash dividend equivalent payment equal to the aggregate amount of dividends per share paid on shares of RAI common stock during the performance period multiplied by the actual number of restricted stock units earned by the grantee.    If RAI fails to pay its shareholders cumulative dividends of at least $5.04 per share for the three-year performance period ending December 31, 2018, then each award will be reduced by an amount equal to three times the percentage of the dividend underpayment, up to a maximum reduction of 50%.  
 One-Year Grant 
 In May 2016, the board of directors of RAI approved a grant to a key employee of RAI, effective May 5, 2016, of 164,841 nonvested restricted stock units under the Omnibus Plan.  The restricted stock units generally will vest on May 1, 2017.  Upon settlement, the grantee will receive a number of shares of RAI s common stock equal to the product of the number of vested units and a percentage up to 200% based on the overall performance of RAI and its subsidiaries during the one-year performance period beginning May 1, 2016, and ending April 30, 2017, against RAI s 2016 annual incentive award program metrics and other performance factors. 
   
 As an equity-based grant, compensation expense relating to this one-year grant will take into account the vesting period lapsed and will be calculated based on the per share closing price of RAI common stock as of the end of each quarter, which was $47.15 as of September 30, 2016.  Following the vesting date, the grantee will receive a cash dividend equivalent payment equal to the aggregate amount of dividends per share paid on shares of RAI common stock during the performance period multiplied by the actual number of restricted stock units earned by the grantee.  If RAI fails to pay its shareholders cumulative dividends of at least $1.68 per share for the one-year performance period ending April 30, 2017, then the award will be reduced by an amount equal to three times the percentage of the dividend underpayment, up to a maximum reduction of 50%. 
 Other Grants 
 In January 2016, RAI approved two grants to a key employee, effective January 19, 2016:  

As equity-based grants, compensation expense relating to these grants will take into account the vesting period lapsed and will be calculated on the per share closing price of RAI common stock on the date of grant, or $46.93. These grants do not contain a performance measure. 

66 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
          Note 1    3   Segme  nt Information   
 RAI s reportable operating segments are RJR Tobacco, Santa Fe and American Snuff. The RJR Tobacco segment consists principally of the primary operations of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. The Santa Fe segment consists of the domestic operations of SFNTC. The American Snuff segment consists of the primary operations of American Snuff Co. Included in All Other, among other RAI subsidiaries, are RJR Vapor, Niconovum USA, Inc., Niconovum AB, and until their sale on January 13, 2016, SFRTI and various foreign subsidiaries affiliated with SFRTI. The segments were identified based on how RAI s chief operating decision maker allocates resources and assesses performance. Certain of RAI s operating subsidiaries have entered into intercompany agreements for products or services with other subsidiaries. As a result, certain activities of an operating subsidiary may be included in a different segment of RAI.  
 RJR Tobacco is RAI s largest reportable operating segment, and is the second largest tobacco company in the United States. Its brands include three of the best-selling cigarettes in the United States: NEWPORT, CAMEL and PALL MALL. These brands, and its other brands, including DORAL, MISTY and CAPRI, are manufactured in a variety of styles and marketed in the United States. As part of its total tobacco strategy, RJR Tobacco also offers a smoke-free tobacco product, CAMEL Snus. RJR Tobacco manages contract manufacturing of cigarette and tobacco products through arrangements with BAT affiliates, and manages the export of tobacco products to U.S. territories, U.S. duty-free shops and U.S. overseas military bases. RJR Tobacco manages the super-premium cigarette brands, DUNHILL and STATE EXPRESS 555, which are licensed from BAT.  
 Santa Fe manufactures and markets super-premium cigarettes and other tobacco products under the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand in the United States.  
 American Snuff is the second largest smokeless tobacco products manufacturer in the United States. American Snuff s primary brands include its largest selling moist snuff brands, GRIZZLY and KODIAK.  
 RJR Vapor is a marketer of digital vapor cigarettes, manufactured on its behalf by RJR Tobacco, under the VUSE brand name in the United States. Niconovum USA, Inc. and Niconovum AB are marketers of nicotine replacement therapy products in the United States and Sweden, respectively, under the ZONNIC brand name.   
 SFRTI and various foreign subsidiaries affiliated with SFRTI distributed the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand outside of the United States.  On January 13, 2016, RAI, through the Sellers, completed the sale of the international rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks, along with the international companies that distributed and marketed the brand outside the United States to JTI Holding, in an all-cash transaction of approximately $5 billion.  See note 2 for additional information. 
 Intersegment revenues and items below the operating income line of the condensed consolidated statements of income (unaudited) are not presented by segment, since they are excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed by RAI s chief operating decision maker. Additionally, information about total assets by segment is not reviewed by RAI s chief operating decision maker and therefore is not disclosed.  
 67 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Segment Data:      

Note 14   Related Party Transactions  
 RAI and RAI s operating subsidiaries engage in transactions with affiliates of BAT. BAT, through its subsidiaries, beneficially owns approximately 42% of RAI s outstanding common stock. A summary of balances and transactions with such BAT affiliates is as follows:  

Significant transactions:  

RJR Tobacco sells contract-manufactured cigarettes, tobacco leaf and processed tobacco to BAT affiliates. In December 2012, RJR Tobacco entered into an amendment to its contract manufacturing agreement (relating to the production of cigarettes to be sold in Japan) with a BAT affiliate, which amendment, among other things, requires either party to provide three years  notice to the other  
 68 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
  party to terminate the agreement without cause, with any such notice to be given n  o earlier than January 1, 2016. On January 4, 2016, RJR Tobacco received written notice from a BAT affiliate terminating that contract manufacturing agreement effective January 5, 2019. In July 2016, RJR Tobacco further amended the contract manufacturing a  greement with   a   BAT   affiliate   to permit an early transition of the cigarette production covered by the agreement to BAT facilities over several months beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016. The amendment provides for   a   BAT   affiliate   to make a payment   to   RJR Tobacco   of $  89.6   million  , in exchange for RJR Tobacco s commitment to provide contingent manufacturing capacity to a BAT affiliate through December 31, 2018  . Of this amount,   $  42.8   million was recorded as current deferred revenue and $  46.8   million was r  ecorded as long-term deferred revenue in RAI s condensed consolidated balance sheet (unaudited) as of September 30, 2016  . The first   installment of $7.4 million   was   received   in     September 2016  .     The second installment of   $82.2 million   is due   on   or before   Marc  h 31, 2017  .   RJR Tobacco will recognize the income ratably from the effective date of the amendment to December 31, 2018. Net sales to BAT affiliates, primarily cigarettes, represented approximately   2%     of RAI s total net sales during   each of   the three and   n  ine   months ended   September   30, 2016  .   Net sales to BAT affiliates, primarily cigarettes, represented approximately 2% and 3% of RAI s total net sales during the three and   nine   months ended   September   30, 2015, respectively.   
 RJR Tobacco recorded deferred sales revenue relating to leaf sold to BAT affiliates that had not been delivered as of the end of the respective quarter, given that RJR Tobacco has a legal right to bill the BAT affiliates. Leaf sales revenue to BAT affiliates is recognized when the product is shipped to the customer.  
 RAI s operating subsidiaries also purchase unprocessed leaf at market prices, and import cigarettes at prices not to exceed manufacturing costs plus 10%, from BAT affiliates. 
 In connection with the Share Repurchase Program, B W and LSL, wholly owned subsidiaries of BAT, entered into the Share Repurchase Agreement on July 25, 2016, with RAI, pursuant to which BAT and its subsidiaries will participate in the Share Repurchase Program on a basis approximately proportionate with BAT s and its subsidiaries  ownership of RAI s common stock.  Under the Share Repurchase Agreement, RAI repurchased 660,385 shares of RAI common stock from BAT and its subsidiaries during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 In January 2016, SFRTI paid $6 million to a BAT affiliate pursuant to a contract amendment, whereby the BAT affiliate agreed to contract manufacture certain tobacco products for SFRTI. The $6 million fee paid to amend the contract was recognized within selling, general and administrative expenses.  
 In December 2015, RJR Tobacco and Nicoventures Holdings Limited, a subsidiary of BAT, signed a definitive vapor technology-sharing and licensing agreement, pursuant to which the companies will collaborate on the development of next generation vapor products. 

69 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
        Note 15   RAI Guaranteed, Unsecured Notes   C  ondensed Consolidating Financial Statements   
 The following condensed consolidating financial statements relate to the guaranties of RAI s $12.7 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes. See note 9 for additional information relating to these notes. Certain of RAI s direct, wholly owned subsidiaries and certain of its indirectly owned subsidiaries have fully and unconditionally, and jointly and severally, guaranteed these notes. The following condensed consolidating financial statements include: the accounts and activities of RAI, the parent issuer; RJR, RJR Tobacco, American Snuff Co., SFNTC and certain of RAI s other subsidiaries, the Guarantors; other direct and indirect subsidiaries of RAI that are not Guarantors; and elimination adjustments.  
   
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income  
 (Dollars in Millions)  

70 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income   
 (Dollars in Millions)  

71 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income  
 (Dollars in Millions)  

72 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Details about the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and the affecte  d line items in the condensed consolidating statements of income (unaudited) for the three months ended   September   30, 2016, were as follows:   

Components  

Amounts Reclassified  

Affected Line Item  

Parent 
 Issuer  

Guarantors  

Non-Guarantors  

Eliminations  

Consolidated  

Defined benefit pension and postretirement 
    plans:  

Amortization of prior service costs  

$  

$  
 
 (5  
 
 )  

$  

$  

$  
 
 (5  
 
 )  

Cost of products sold  

Amortization of prior service costs  

(4  
 
 )  

(4  
 
 )  

Selling, general and administrative expenses  

(9  
 
 )  

(9  
 
 )  

Operating income (loss)  

Deferred taxes  

3  

3  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

(6  
 
 )  

(6  
 
 )  

Net income (loss)  

Long-term investments:  

Realized loss, net on long-term investments  

10  

10  

Other (income) expense, net  

Deferred taxes  

(4  
 
 )  

(4  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

6  

6  

Net income (loss)  

Total reclassifications  

$  

$  

$  

$  

$  

Net income (loss)  

Details about the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and the affected line items in the condensed consolidating statements of income (unaudited) for the three months ended September 30, 2015, were as follows:  

Components  

Amounts Reclassified  

Affected Line Item  

Parent 
 Issuer  

Guarantors  

Non-Guarantors  

Eliminations  

Consolidated  

Defined benefit pension and postretirement 
    plans:  

Amortization of prior service costs  

$  

$  
 
 (4  
 
 )  

$  

$  

$  
 
 (4  
 
 )  

Cost of products sold  

Amortization of prior service costs  

(5  
 
 )  

(5  
 
 )  

Selling, general and administrative expenses  

(9  
 
 )  

(9  
 
 )  

Operating income (loss)  

Deferred taxes  

4  

4  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

(5  
 
 )  

(5  
 
 )  

Net income (loss)  

Hedging instruments:  

Amortization of realized loss  

1  

1  

Interest and debt expense  

Deferred taxes  

(1  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

Net income (loss)  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

(5  
 
 )  

5  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

Total reclassifications  

$  
 
 (5  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (5  
 
 )  

$  

$  
 
 5  

$  
 
 (5  
 
 )  

Net income (loss)  

73 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Details about the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehens  ive loss and the affected line items in the condensed consolidating statements of income (unaudited) for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, were as follows:   

Components  

Amounts Reclassified  

Affected Line Item  

Parent 
 Issuer  

Guarantors  

Non-Guarantors  

Eliminations  

Consolidated  

Defined benefit pension and postretirement 
    plans:  

Amortization of prior service costs  

$  

$  
 
 (15  
 
 )  

$  

$  

$  
 
 (15  
 
 )  

Cost of products sold  

Amortization of prior service costs  

(14  
 
 )  

(14  
 
 )  

Selling, general and administrative expenses  

(29  
 
 )  

(29  
 
 )  

Operating income (loss)  

Deferred taxes  

11  

11  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

(18  
 
 )  

(18  
 
 )  

Net income (loss)  

Long-term investments:  

Realized loss, net on long-term investments  

7  

7  

Other (income) expense, net  

Deferred taxes  

(3  
 
 )  

(3  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

4  

4  

Net income (loss)  

Hedging instruments:  

Forward starting interest rate contracts  

17  

17  

Other (income) expense, net  

Deferred taxes  

(6  
 
 )  

(6  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

11  

11  

Net income (loss)  

Cumulative translation adjustment:  

Derecognition of cumulative translation 
    adjustment  

27  

27  

Gain on divestitures  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

13  

27  

(40  
 
 )  

Equity income (loss) from subsidiaries  

Total reclassifications  

$  
 
 24  

$  
 
 13  

$  
 
 27  

$  
 
 (40  
 
 )  

$  
 
 24  

Net income (loss)  

74 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Details about the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and the affected line items in t  he condensed consolidating statements of income (unaudited) for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2015, were as follows:   

Components  

Amounts Reclassified  

Affected Line Item  

Parent 
 Issuer  

Guarantors  

Non-Guarantors  

Eliminations  

Consolidated  

Defined benefit pension and postretirement 
    plans:  

Amortization of prior service costs  

$  

$  
 
 (15  
 
 )  

$  

$  

$  
 
 (15  
 
 )  

Cost of products sold  

Amortization of prior service costs  

(14  
 
 )  

(14  
 
 )  

Selling, general and administrative expenses  

(29  
 
 )  

(29  
 
 )  

Operating income (loss)  

Deferred taxes  

11  

11  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

(18  
 
 )  

(18  
 
 )  

Net income (loss)  

Hedging instruments:  

Amortization of realized loss  

2  

2  

Interest and debt expense  

Deferred taxes  

(1  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

1  

1  

Net income (loss)  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

(18  
 
 )  

18  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

Total reclassifications  

$  
 
 (17  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (18  
 
 )  

$  

$  
 
 18  

$  
 
 (17  
 
 )  

Net income (loss)  

75 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows  
 (Dollars in Millions)  

76 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows  
 (Dollars in Millions)  

77 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets   
 (Dollars in Millions)  

78 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets   
 (Dollars in Millions)  

79 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
          Note 16   RJR Tobacco   Guaranteed, Unsecured Notes   Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements   
 The following condensed consolidating financial statements relate to the guaranties of RJR Tobacco s $284 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes. See note 9 for additional information related to these notes. RAI and RJR have fully and unconditionally, and jointly and severally, guaranteed these notes. The following condensed consolidating financial statements include: the accounts and activities of RAI, the Parent Guarantor; RJR Tobacco, the Issuer; RJR, a Guarantor; other direct and indirect subsidiaries of RAI that are not Guarantors; and elimination adjustments. 
   
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income  
 (Dollars in Millions)  

80 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating St  atements of Income   
 (Dollars in Millions)  

81 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income   
 (Dollars in Millions)  

82 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Details a  bout the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and the affected line items in the condensed consolidating statements of income (unaudited) for the three months ended   September   30, 2016, were as follows:   

Components  

Amounts Reclassified  

Affected Line Item  

Parent Guarantor  

Issuer  

Guarantor  

Non- 
 Guarantors  

Eliminations  

Consolidated  

Defined benefit pension and 
    postretirement plans:  

Amortization of prior service costs  

$  

$  
 
 (4  
 
 )  

$  

$  
 
 (1  
 
 )  

$  

$  
 
 (5  
 
 )  

Cost of products sold  

Amortization of prior service costs  

(4  
 
 )  

(4  
 
 )  

Selling, general and administrative expenses, net  

(8  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

(9  
 
 )  

Operating income (loss)  

Deferred taxes  

3  

3  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

(5  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

(6  
 
 )  

Net income  

Long-term investments:  

Realized loss, net on long-term investments  

10  

10  

Other (income) expense, net  

Deferred taxes  

(4  
 
 )  

(4  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

6  

6  

Net income  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

1  

(1  
 
 )  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

Total reclassifications  

$  

$  
 
 1  

$  
 
 1  

$  
 
 (1  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (1  
 
 )  

$  

Net income  

Details about the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and the affected line items in the condensed consolidating statements of income (unaudited) for the three months ended September 30, 2015, were as follows:  

Components  

Amounts Reclassified  

Affected Line Item  

Parent Guarantor  

Issuer  

Guarantor  

Non- 
 Guarantors  

Eliminations  

Consolidated  

Defined benefit pension and 
    postretirement plans:  

Amortization of prior service costs  

$  

$  
 
 (4  
 
 )  

$  

$  

$  

$  
 
 (4  
 
 )  

Cost of products sold  

Amortization of prior service costs  

(4  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

(5  
 
 )  

Selling, general and administrative expenses, net  

(8  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

(9  
 
 )  

Operating income (loss)  

Deferred taxes  

4  

4  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

(4  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

(5  
 
 )  

Net income  

Loss on hedging instruments:  

Amortization of realized loss  

1  

1  

Interest and debt expense  

Deferred taxes  

(1  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

Net income  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

(5  
 
 )  

(4  
 
 )  

9  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

Total reclassifications  

$  
 
 (5  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (4  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (4  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (1  
 
 )  

$  
 
 9  

$  
 
 (5  
 
 )  

Net income  

83 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Details about the reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and the affected line items in the condensed consolidating statements of income (unaudited) for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, were as follows:   

Components  

Amounts Reclassified  

Affected Line Item  

Parent Guarantor  

Issuer  

Guarantor  

Non- 
 Guarantors  

Eliminations  

Consolidated  

Defined benefit pension and 
    postretirement plans:  

Amortization of prior service costs  

$  

$  
 
 (14  
 
 )  

$  

$  
 
 (1  
 
 )  

$  

$  
 
 (15  
 
 )  

Cost of products sold  

Amortization of prior service costs  

(14  
 
 )  

(14  
 
 )  

Selling, general and administrative expenses, net  

(28  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

(29  
 
 )  

Operating income (loss)  

Deferred taxes  

11  

11  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

(17  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

(18  
 
 )  

Net income  

Long-term investments:  

Realized loss, net on long-term investments  

7  

7  

Other (income) expense, net  

Deferred taxes  

(3  
 
 )  

(3  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

4  

4  

Net income  

Hedging instruments:  

Forward starting interest rate contracts  

17  

17  

Other (income) expense, net  

Deferred taxes  

(6  
 
 )  

(6  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

11  

11  

Net income  

Cumulative translation 
    adjustment:  

Derecognition of cumulative 
    translation adjustment  

27  

27  

Gain on divestitures  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

13  

27  

14  

(54  
 
 )  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

Total reclassifications  

$  
 
 24  

$  
 
 14  

$  
 
 14  

$  
 
 26  

$  
 
 (54  
 
 )  

$  
 
 24  

Net income  

84 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Details about the reclassifications out of accumulated   other comprehensive loss and the affected line items in the condensed consolidating statements of income (unaudited) for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2015, were as follows:   

Components  

Amounts Reclassified  

Affected Line Item  

Parent Guarantor  

Issuer  

Guarantor  

Non- 
 Guarantors  

Eliminations  

Consolidated  

Defined benefit pension and 
    postretirement plans:  

Amortization of prior service costs  

$  

$  
 
 (14  
 
 )  

$  

$  
 
 (1  
 
 )  

$  

$  
 
 (15  
 
 )  

Cost of products sold  

Amortization of prior service costs  

(13  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

(14  
 
 )  

Selling, general and administrative expenses, net  

(27  
 
 )  

(2  
 
 )  

(29  
 
 )  

Operating income (loss)  

Deferred taxes  

11  

11  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

(16  
 
 )  

(2  
 
 )  

(18  
 
 )  

Net income  

Hedging instruments:  

Amortization of realized loss  

2  

2  

Interest and debt expense  

Deferred taxes  

(1  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

Provision for income taxes  

Net of tax  

1  

1  

Net income  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

(18  
 
 )  

(1  
 
 )  

(17  
 
 )  

36  

Equity income from subsidiaries  

Total reclassifications  

$  
 
 (17  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (17  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (17  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (2  
 
 )  

$  
 
 36  

$  
 
 (17  
 
 )  

Net income  

85 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows   
 (Dollars in Millions) 

86 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating State  ments of Cash Flows   
 (Dollars in Millions) 

87 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets   
 (Dollars in Millions)  

88 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 
   
    Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets   
 (Dollars in Millions)  

89 

I  tem 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
 The following is a discussion and analysis of RAI s business, initiatives, critical accounting estimates and its consolidated results of operations and financial position. Following the overview and discussion of business initiatives, the critical accounting estimates disclose certain accounting estimates that are material to RAI s results of operations and financial position for the periods presented in this report. The discussion and analysis of RAI s results of operations compares the third quarter of 2016 with the third quarter of 2015, and the first nine months of 2016 with the first nine months of 2015. Disclosures related to liquidity and financial position as well as governmental activity complete management s discussion and analysis. You should read this discussion and analysis of RAI s consolidated financial position and results of operations in conjunction with the financial information included in the condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  
 Overview and Business Initiatives  
 RAI s reportable operating segments are RJR Tobacco, Santa Fe and American Snuff. The RJR Tobacco segment consists principally of the primary operations of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. The Santa Fe segment consists of the domestic operations of SFNTC. The American Snuff segment consists of the primary operations of American Snuff Co. Included in All Other, among other RAI subsidiaries, are RJR Vapor, Niconovum USA, Inc., Niconovum AB, and until their sale on January 13, 2016, SFRTI and various foreign subsidiaries affiliated with SFRTI. The segments were identified based on how RAI s chief operating decision maker allocates resources and assesses performance. Certain of RAI s operating subsidiaries have entered into intercompany agreements for products or services with other subsidiaries. As a result, certain activities of an operating subsidiary may be included in a different segment of RAI.  
 In June 2015, RAI completed the Merger and Divestiture, which resulted in the acquisition of the premium cigarette brand, NEWPORT, which is the top selling menthol and second largest selling cigarette brand in the United States, and the divestiture of the WINSTON, KOOL and SALEM cigarette brands. The brands acquired and divested are included in the RJR Tobacco segment. 
 As a result of shifts in consumer preferences, RAI s strategy continues to focus on transforming tobacco to deliver sustainable earnings growth, strong cash flow and enhanced long-term shareholder value. This transformation strategy includes growing the core cigarette and moist-snuff businesses, focusing on innovation and engaging with adult tobacco consumers, while maintaining efficient and effective operations.  
 To achieve its strategy, RAI encourages the migration of adult smokers to smoke-free tobacco products and other non-combustible nicotine-containing products, which it believes aligns consumer preferences for new alternatives to traditional tobacco products in view of societal pressure to reduce smoking. RAI s operating companies facilitate this migration through innovation, including the development of CAMEL Snus, heat-not-burn cigarettes, digital vapor cigarettes and nicotine replacement therapy technologies. RAI remains committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and business conduct in a high-performing culture.  
 RAI s largest reportable operating segment, RJR Tobacco, is the second largest tobacco company in the United States. RJR Tobacco s brands include three of the top four best-selling cigarettes in the United States: NEWPORT, CAMEL and PALL MALL. These brands, and its other brands, including DORAL, MISTY and CAPRI are manufactured in a variety of styles and marketed in the United States. As part of its total tobacco strategy, RJR Tobacco offers a smoke-free tobacco product, CAMEL Snus.  RJR Tobacco manages contract manufacturing of cigarettes and tobacco products through arrangements with BAT affiliates, and manages the export of tobacco products to U.S. territories, U.S. duty-free shops and U.S. overseas military bases. RJR Tobacco also manages the super-premium cigarette brands, DUNHILL and STATE EXPRESS 555, which are licensed from BAT.  
 Santa Fe manufactures and markets super-premium cigarettes and other tobacco products under the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand in the United States.  
 American Snuff is the second largest smokeless tobacco products manufacturer in the United States. American Snuff s primary brands include its largest selling moist snuff brands, GRIZZLY and KODIAK.  
 RJR Tobacco  
 RJR Tobacco primarily conducts business in the highly competitive U.S. cigarette market, which has a few large manufacturers and many smaller participants. The international rights to substantially all of RJR Tobacco s brands were sold in 1999 to JTI, and no international rights were acquired in connection with the B W business combination in 2004 or the Merger in 2015. The U.S. cigarette market is a mature market in which overall adult consumer demand has declined since 1981, and is expected to continue to decline. Profitability of the U.S. cigarette industry and RJR Tobacco continues to be adversely impacted by decreases in consumption, increases in state excise taxes and governmental regulations and restrictions, such as marketing limitations, product standards and ingredients legislation.  
 90 

RJR Tobacco s cigarette brand portfolio strategy is based upon two brand categories: drive and other. The drive brands consist of two premium brands, NEWPORT and CAMEL, and the largest traditional value brand in the United States, PALL MALL. These thr  ee drive brands are managed for long-term market share and profit growth, and receive the vast majority of RJR Tobacco s equity support with an emphasis on the NEWPORT and CAMEL brands. The other brand category includes the premium brand CAPRI, and the val  ue brands DORAL and MISTY, along with other smaller brands. All of the other brands receive limited marketing support and are managed to maximize profitability.   
 The key objectives of the overall portfolio strategy are designed to balance the long-term market share growth and profitability of the drive brands while managing the other brands for long-term sustainability and profitability. Consistent with that strategy, RJR Tobacco continues to evaluate some of its non-core cigarette styles for potential elimination.  
 RJR Tobacco s portfolio also includes CAMEL Snus, a smoke-free, heat-treated tobacco product sold in individual pouches that provide convenient tobacco consumption.   
 Competition is based primarily on brand positioning, including price, product attributes and packaging, consumer loyalty, promotions, advertising and retail presence, as well as finding efficient and effective means of balancing market share and profit growth. Cigarette brands produced by the major manufacturers generally require competitive pricing, substantial marketing support, retail programs and other incentives to maintain or improve market position or to introduce a new brand or brand style. Competition among the major cigarette manufacturers continues to be highly competitive and includes product innovation and expansion into smoke-free tobacco categories.  
 RJR Tobacco is committed to building and maintaining a portfolio of profitable brands. RJR Tobacco s marketing programs are designed to strengthen brand image, build brand awareness and loyalty, and switch adult smokers of competing brands to RJR Tobacco brands. In addition to building strong brand equity, RJR Tobacco s marketing approach utilizes a retail pricing strategy, including discounting at retail, to defend certain brands  shares of market against competitive pricing pressure. RJR Tobacco s competitive pricing methods may include list price changes, discounting programs, such as retail and wholesale buydowns, periodic price reductions, off-invoice price reductions, dollar-off promotions and consumer coupons. Retail buydowns refer to payments made to the retailer to reduce the price that consumers pay at retail. Consumer coupons are distributed by a variety of methods. 
 Santa Fe    
 Santa Fe competes in the U.S. cigarette market with its  Natural American Spirit  brand, which is the fastest growing super-premium cigarette brand and is a top 10 best-selling cigarette brand. It is priced higher than most other competitive brands, and is differentiated from key competitors through its use of all natural, additive-free tobacco, including styles made with organic tobacco. Competition in the cigarette category is based primarily on brand positioning, including price, product attributes and packaging, consumer loyalty, promotions, advertising and retail presence.  
 American Snuff    
 American Snuff offers adult tobacco consumers a range of differentiated smokeless tobacco products, primarily moist snuff. The moist snuff category is divided into premium, price-value and popular-price brands. The highly competitive moist snuff category has developed many of the characteristics of the larger cigarette market, including multiple pricing tiers, focused marketing programs and significant product innovation.  
 In contrast to the declining U.S. cigarette market, U.S. moist snuff shipments to retail grew approximately 3.9% in the first nine months of 2016. Profit margins on moist snuff products are generally higher than on cigarette products. Moist snuff s growth is partially attributable to cigarette smokers switching from cigarettes to smokeless tobacco products or using both.  
 American Snuff faces significant competition in the smokeless tobacco category. Similar to the cigarette market, competition is based primarily on brand positioning and price, as well as product attributes and packaging, consumer loyalty, promotions, advertising and retail presence.  
 All Other    
   RJR Vapor is the marketer of VUSE Digital Vapor Cigarette, manufactured on its behalf by RJR Tobacco. The national expansion of VUSE was completed in early 2015, and VUSE is now available in more than 112,000 retail outlets across the United States. VUSE is now the top-selling vapor product in convenience/gas stores, and its innovative digital technology is designed to deliver a consistent flavor and vapor experience. In March 2016, RJR Vapor introduced its VUSE FOB power unit. This next-level VUSE FOB, which integrates Bluetooth  technology, offers an on-device display with information about battery and cartridge levels. When paired with  
 91 

the VUSE App, the device can be locked  ,   preventing use of the device by minors an  d others. VUSE FOB is available online to adult tobacco consumers.     
 Niconovum USA, Inc. is a marketer of a nicotine replacement therapy gum, ZONNIC, which is available in about 35,000 retail outlets across the United States. Niconovum AB is a marketer of nicotine replacement therapy products in Sweden under the ZONNIC brand name.  
 Sale of International Rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT Brand 
 On January 13, 2016, RAI, through the Sellers, completed the sale of the international rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks, along with the international companies that distributed and marketed the brand outside the United States to JTI Holding in an all-cash transaction of approximately $5 billion.  The sale did not include the rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks in the U.S. market, U.S. duty-free locations, and U.S. territories or in U.S. military outlets, all of which were retained by SFNTC.  For additional information, see note 2 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).   

Critical Accounting Estimates  
 GAAP requires estimates and assumptions to be made that affect the reported amounts in RAI s condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) and accompanying notes. Some of these estimates require difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain, and as a result, actual results could differ from those estimates. Due to the estimation processes involved, the following summarized accounting policies and their application are considered to be critical to understanding the business operations, financial position and results of operations of RAI and its subsidiaries.  
 Litigation    
 RAI discloses information concerning litigation for which an unfavorable outcome is more than remote. RAI and its subsidiaries record their legal expenses and other litigation costs and related administrative costs as selling, general and administrative expenses as those costs are incurred. RAI and its subsidiaries will record any loss related to litigation at such time as an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated on an individual case-by-case basis. When the reasonable estimate is a range, the recorded loss will be the best estimate within the range. If no amount in the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the minimum amount of the range will be recorded.  
 Reynolds Defendants have been named in a number of tobacco-related legal actions, proceedings or claims seeking damages in amounts ranging into the hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars. Unfavorable judgments have been returned in a number of tobacco-related cases and state enforcement actions.  
 RAI and its subsidiaries believe that they have valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts in their pending cases and believe they have valid defenses to all actions and intend to defend all actions vigorously. RAI s management continues to conclude that the loss of any particular pending tobacco-related litigation claim against the Reynolds Defendants, when viewed on an individual case-by-case basis, is not probable or estimable, except for certain  Engle  Progeny cases described in    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry    Engle  and  Engle  Progeny Cases  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  
 Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and it is possible that some of the tobacco-related legal actions, proceedings or claims currently pending could ultimately be decided against Reynolds Defendants. Any unfavorable outcome of such actions could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of RAI or its subsidiaries.  
 For further discussion of the litigation and legal proceedings pending against RAI or its affiliates or indemnitees, see note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  
 State Settlement Agreements  
   RJR Tobacco (itself, and as successor by merger to Lorillard Tobacco) and SFNTC are participants in the MSA, and RJR Tobacco (itself, and as successor by merger to Lorillard Tobacco) is a participant in the other state settlement agreements. Their obligations and the related expense charges under these agreements are subject to adjustments based upon, among other things, the volume of cigarettes sold by the operating subsidiaries, their relative market share, their operating profits and inflation. Since relative market share is based on cigarette shipments, the best estimate of the allocation of charges to RJR Tobacco and SFNTC under these agreements is recorded in cost of products sold as the products are shipped. Included in these adjustments is an NPM Adjustment that potentially reduces the annual payment obligation of RJR Tobacco, SFNTC and other PMs. Adjustments to these estimates are  
 92 

recorded in the period that the change becomes probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. American Snuff Co. is   not a participant in the State Settlement Agreements. For additional information related to historical and expected settlement expenses and payments under the State Settlement Agreements, see    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Health-Care Co  st Recovery Cases   State Settlement Agreements  and    State Settlement Agreements Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).   
 Pension and Postretirement Benefits  
 RAI sponsors a number of non-contributory defined benefit pension plans covering most of the employees of RAI and certain of its subsidiaries.  RAI and a subsidiary provide certain health and life insurance benefits for most of the retired employees of RAI and certain of its subsidiaries and their dependents. These benefits are generally no longer provided to employees hired on or after January 1, 2004.  
 Because pension and other postretirement obligations ultimately will be settled in future periods, the determination of annual benefit cost (income) and liabilities is subject to estimates and assumptions. RAI reviews these assumptions annually or coincidental with a major event based on historical experience and expected future trends and modifies them as needed. Demographic assumptions such as termination of employment, mortality or retirement are reviewed periodically as expectations change.  
 Actuarial (gains) losses are changes in the amount of either the benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from changes in assumptions. Actuarial (gains) losses are immediately recognized in the operating results in the year in which they occur, to the extent the net (gains) losses are outside the corridor. Actuarial (gains) losses outside the corridor are recognized annually as of December 31, or when a plan is remeasured during an interim period, and are recorded as an MTM adjustment. Additionally, for the purpose of calculating the expected return on plan assets, RAI uses the actual fair value of plan assets.  
 Prior service costs (credits) of pension benefits, which are changes in benefit obligations due to plan amendments, are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period for active employees, or average remaining life expectancies for inactive employees if most of the plan obligations are due to inactive employees. Prior service costs (credits) of postretirement benefits, which are changes in benefit obligations due to plan amendments, are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected service period to full eligibility age for active employees, or average remaining life expectancies for inactive employees if most of the plan obligations are due to inactive employees. 
 Intangible Assets  
 Intangible assets include goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets. The determination of fair value involves considerable estimates and judgment. Goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested annually for impairment in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred.  
 For goodwill, the determination of fair value of a reporting unit involves, among other things, RAI s market capitalization, and application of the income approach, which includes developing forecasts of future cash flows and determining an appropriate discount rate. If goodwill impairment is implied, the fair values of individual assets and liabilities, including unrecorded intangibles, must be determined. RAI believes it has based its goodwill impairment testing on reasonable estimates and assumptions, and during the annual testing, the estimated fair value of each of RAI s reporting units was substantially in excess of its respective carrying value.  
 The methodology used to determine the fair value of trademarks includes assumptions with inherent uncertainty, including projected sales volumes and related projected revenues, long-term growth rates, royalty rates that a market participant might assume and judgments regarding the factors to develop an applied discount rate. The carrying value of intangible assets is at risk of impairment if future projected revenues or long-term growth rates are lower than those currently projected, or if factors used in the development of a discount rate result in the application of a higher discount rate.  
 Goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets are tested more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The carrying value of these intangible assets could be impaired if a significant adverse change in the use, life, or brand strategy of the asset is determined, or if a significant adverse change in the legal and regulatory environment, business or competitive climate occurs that would adversely impact the asset. For information related to intangible assets, see note 4 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  
 93 

Fair Value Measurement   
 RAI determines fair value of assets and liabilities using a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity, and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions based on the best information available in the circumstances.  
 Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, essentially an exit price.  
 For information on assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, see notes 3 and 9 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 Income Taxes  
 Tax law requires certain items to be excluded or included in taxable income at different times than is required for book reporting purposes. These differences may be permanent or temporary in nature.  
 RAI determines its annual effective income tax rate based on forecasted pre-tax book income and forecasted permanent book and tax differences. The rate is established at the beginning of the year and is evaluated on a quarterly basis. Any changes to the forecasted information may cause the effective rate to be adjusted. Additional tax, interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions are recognized in tax expense on a quarterly basis.  
 To the extent that any book and tax differences are temporary in nature, that is, the book realization will occur in a different period than the tax realization, a deferred tax asset or liability is established. To the extent that a deferred tax asset is created, management evaluates RAI s ability to realize this asset. RAI maintains a valuation allowance to reduce certain deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not to be realized.  
 The financial statements reflect management s best estimate of RAI s current and deferred tax liabilities and assets. Future events, including, but not limited to, additional resolutions with taxing authorities could have an impact on RAI s current estimate of tax liabilities, realization of deferred tax assets and effective income tax rate. For information on income taxes, see note 7 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
 For information relating to recently adopted and issued accounting pronouncements, see note 1 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

94 

Results of Operations   
 The results of operations below reflect the Merger and Divestiture that occurred on June 12, 2015. As a result, RJR Tobacco s net sales and operating income include the WINSTON, KOOL and SALEM brands from January 1, 2015 through June 12, 2015, and the NEWPORT, KENT, OLD GOLD and TRUE brands after June 12, 2015.  All Other net sales and operating income include SFRTI and the various foreign subsidiaries affiliated with SFRTI, until the date of their sale on January 13, 2016. 

(1)    
 
    Excludes excise taxes of:      

(2)    
 
 See below for further information related to the State Settlement Agreements and FDA user fees included in cost of products sold.     

(3)    
 
    Percentage of change not meaningful.      

 In the following discussion, the amounts presented in the operating companies  shipment volume and share tables are rounded on an individual basis and, accordingly, may not sum in the aggregate. Percentages are calculated on unrounded numbers.  
 95 

RJR Tobacco   
 Net Sales  
 Domestic cigarette shipment volume, in billions of units for RJR Tobacco and the industry, was as follows:  

(1)    
 
    Percentage of change not meaningful.     

(2)    
 
    Based on information from Management Science Associates, Inc., referred to as MSAi.      

 RJR Tobacco s net sales are dependent upon its cigarette shipment volume in a declining market, premium versus value-brand mix and list pricing, offset by promotional spending, trade incentives and federal and state excise taxes.  
 RJR Tobacco s net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016, increased compared with the prior-year quarter, primarily due to higher net pricing of $124 million, partially offset by lower volume and product mix of $58 million. RJR Tobacco s net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, increased compared with the prior-year nine months, primarily due to higher volume and favorable product mix of $1.3 billion and higher net pricing of $317 million. The increase reflects the impact of the acquisition of the NEWPORT brand and is partially offset by the divestiture of the WINSTON, KOOL and SALEM brands.  
 Market Share 
 The shares of RJR Tobacco s cigarette brands as a percentage of total share of U.S. cigarette shipments to retail outlets, referred to as STR data, based on information submitted by wholesale locations and processed and managed by MSAi  (1)   , were as follows:   

(1)    
 
    The universe of industry participants that MSAi uses to estimate RJR Tobacco s cigarette shipments to retail market share has been revised to reflect the new universe of direct customers as a result of the Merger. The revision results in higher absolute share levels in 2015 on some of RJR Tobacco s brands, but does not affect overall share trends. Prior-year market share data has been restated on this basis for comparison purposes.     

 96 

The retail share of market of NEWPORT,   at 13.9 share points, was up 0.  4   share points compared with the prior-year quarter in the highly competitive U.S. cigarette category. NEWPORT s cigarette market   share continued to be favorably impacted by its strength in the menthol category, as well as its continued momentum in the non-menthol category.  
 The retail share of market of CAMEL, at 8.3 share points, was down slightly compared with the prior-year quarter in the highly competitive U.S. cigarette category. CAMEL s cigarette market share demonstrated relatively stable performance in the quarter across its menthol styles that offer its innovative capsule technology in CAMEL Crush.  CAMEL Crush styles provide adult smokers the choice of switching from non-menthol to menthol. CAMEL s shipments to retail share comparison was negatively impacted in the first half of 2016 by the removal of certain CAMEL styles deemed by the FDA in late 2015 as not substantially equivalent.  CAMEL SNUS, a smoke-free tobacco product, continues to lead the U.S. snus category with a market share of over 75%. 
 PALL MALL, a product that offers a high quality, longer-lasting cigarette at a value price, continues to attract interest from adult tobacco consumers. PALL MALL s third-quarter market share of 7.7% was down 0.2 share points compared with the prior-year quarter due to continued competitive pressure.    
 The combined share of market of RJR Tobacco s drive brands during the third quarter of 2016 was up slightly compared with the same period in 2015. RJR Tobacco s total cigarette market share was flat to the prior-year quarter, primarily due to increases in the company s drive brands, partially offset by decreases in the company s other brands, consistent with its strategy of focusing on drive brands. 
 Operating Income  
 RJR Tobacco s operating income for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, was favorably impacted by higher net pricing, partially offset by unfavorable volume when compared with the same period in 2015. RJR Tobacco s operating income for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, was favorably impacted by higher volume, higher cigarette pricing and favorable product mix when compared to the same period in 2015. In addition, the results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, were unfavorably impacted by the inventory valuation and other costs associated with the Merger. 
 RJR Tobacco s expenses under the State Settlement Agreements and its FDA user fees included in cost of products sold were:  

Expenses under the State Settlement Agreements are expected to be approximately $2.6 billion in 2016, subject to adjustment for changes in volume and other factors. Pursuant to the Term Sheet, RJR Tobacco will receive credits with respect to its NPM Adjustment claims to be applied against annual payments under the MSA through 2018.  
 As a result of meeting the performance requirements associated with the Term Sheet, RJR Tobacco recognized credits of $79 million and $76 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $222 million and $209 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. RJR Tobacco expects to recognize additional credits through 2017.  
 In September 2013, an arbitration panel ruled six states had not diligently enforced their qualifying statutes in 2003 related to the NPM Adjustment.  In October 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court denied RJR Tobacco s petition for writ of certiorari against Pennsylvania and Maryland, thus eliminating a portion of RJR Tobacco s recovery from these states. Certain findings by the arbitration panel against two of the original six states are currently in litigation and as such, the full amount of recovery from these states is uncertain. For the amounts that were certain and estimable, RJR Tobacco recognized $70 million as a reduction of cost of products sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. No comparable amounts were recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 In October 2015, RJR Tobacco and certain other PMs entered into the NY Settlement Agreement to settle certain claims related to the MSA NPM Adjustment. The NY Settlement Agreement resolved NPM Adjustment claims related to payment years from 2004 through 2014, providing RJR Tobacco with credits of approximately $285 million, plus interest, subject to meeting various performance obligations. These credits will be applied against annual payments under the MSA over a four-year period, which commenced with the April 2016 MSA payment. In addition, the NY Settlement Agreement put in place a new method to determine future adjustments from 2015 forward as to New York. RJR Tobacco recognized credits of $25 million and $70 million as a reduction to cost of products sold for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  
 97 

For additional information, see    Cost of Products Sold  in note 1 and    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases   State Settlement   Agreements  and    State Settlement Agreements Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).   
 Expenses for FDA user fees are expected to be approximately $170 million to $200 million in 2016. For additional information, see    Governmental Activity  below.   
 Selling, general and administrative expenses include the costs of litigating and administering product liability claims, as well as other legal expenses. RJR Tobacco s product liability defense costs were $49 million and $48 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively; and $158 million and $141 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  Product liability  cases generally include the following types of smoking and health related cases:  

Individual Smoking and Health;      

West Virginia IPIC  ;      

Engle   Progeny;      

Broin II  ;      

Class Actions;      

Filter Cases; and      

Health-Care Cost Recovery Claims.      

  Product liability defense costs  include the following items:  

direct and indirect compensation, fees and related costs and expenses for internal legal and related administrative staff administering the defense of product liability claims;      

fees and cost reimbursements paid to outside attorneys;      

direct and indirect payments to third party vendors for litigation support activities; and     

expert witness costs and fees.     

 Numerous factors affect product liability defense costs. The most important factors are the number of cases pending and the number of cases in trial or in preparation for trial, that is, with active discovery and motions practice. See    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Overview  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) for detailed information regarding the number and type of cases pending, and    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Overview   Scheduled Trials  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) for detailed information regarding the number and nature of cases in trial and scheduled for trial through September 30, 2017.  
 RJR Tobacco expects that the factors described above will continue to have the primary impact on its product liability defense costs in the future. Given the level of activity in RJR Tobacco s pending cases, including the number of cases in trial and scheduled for trial, particularly with respect to  Engle  Progeny cases, RJR Tobacco s product liability defense costs continue to remain at a high level. See    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry    Engle  and  Engle  Progeny Cases  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) for additional information.  
 In addition, it is possible that other adverse developments in the factors discussed above, as well as other circumstances beyond the control of RJR Tobacco, could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of RAI or its subsidiaries. Those other circumstances beyond the control of RJR Tobacco include the results of present and future trials and appeals, and the development of possible new theories of liability by plaintiffs and their counsel.  
 98 

Santa Fe   
 Net Sales  
 Domestic cigarette shipment volume, in billions of units, for Santa Fe was as follows:  

Santa Fe s net sales for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, increased   compared with the prior-year periods, primarily due to higher volume and net pricing.  
 Market Share  
 The shares of Santa Fe s NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand as a percentage of total share of U.S. cigarette STR data from MSAi  (1)     , were as follows:  

(1)    
 
    The universe of industry participants that MSAi uses to estimate Santa Fe s cigarette shipments to retail market share has been revised to reflect the new universe of direct customers as a result of the Merger. The revision results in higher absolute share levels in 2015 on Santa Fe s brand, but does not affect overall share trends. Prior-year market share data has been restated on this basis for comparison purposes.      

 NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT continues to be the fastest growing super-premium cigarette brand in the industry as the product resonates with adult tobacco consumers looking for an authentic brand founded on principles of quality.   
 Operating Income  
 Santa Fe s operating income for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, increased as compared with the prior-year periods primarily due to higher volume and net pricing.  
 Santa Fe s expenses under the State Settlement Agreements and its FDA user fees included in cost of products sold were:  

Expenses under the MSA are expected to be approximately $160 million to $180 million in 2016, subject to adjustment for changes in volume and other factors. Pursuant to the Term Sheet, SFNTC will receive credits with respect to its NPM Adjustment claims to be applied against annual payments under the MSA through 2017. 
 As a result of meeting the performance requirements associated with the Term Sheet, Santa Fe recognized credits and expects to recognize additional credits through 2016.      
 In October 2015, SFNTC and certain other PMs entered into the NY Settlement Agreement to settle certain claims related to the MSA NPM Adjustment. The NY Settlement Agreement resolves NPM Adjustment claims related to payment years from 2004 through 2014 and puts in place a new method to determine future adjustments from 2015 forward as to New York. SFNTC will receive credits, currently estimated to total approximately $5 million, plus interest, with respect to its NPM Adjustment claims for the periods 2004 through 2014. These credits will be applied against annual payments under the MSA over a four-year period. Santa Fe will recognize additional credits through 2018, subject to meeting various performance obligations associated with the NY Settlement Agreement. 
 99 

For additional information, see    Cost of Products Sold  in note 1 and    Litigation Affecting the   Cigarette Industry   Health-Care Cost Recovery Cases   State Settlement Agreements  and    State Settlement Agreements Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).   
 American Snuff  
 Net Sales  
 The moist snuff shipment volume, in millions of cans, for American Snuff was as follows:  

American Snuff s net sales for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, increased compared with the same prior-year periods primarily due to higher net pricing and higher moist snuff volume. 
 Market Share  
 Moist snuff has been the key driver to American Snuff s overall growth and profitability within the U.S. smokeless tobacco market. Moist snuff accounted for approximately 91% of American Snuff s revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with approximately 90% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. U.S. moist snuff industry retail shipment volume, according to MSAi, grew by approximately 3.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the same period in 2015, while American Snuff s retail shipment volume grew by approximately 2.1% over the same period.  
 The shares of American Snuff s moist snuff brands as a percentage of total share of U.S. moist snuff STR data according to MSAi  (1)  , were as follows:  

(1)    
 
    The universe of industry participants that MSAi uses to estimate American Snuff s moist snuff shipments to retail market share has been revised to reflect the new universe of direct customers as a result of the Merger. The revision results in higher absolute share levels in 2015 on some of American Snuff s brands, but does not affect overall share trends. Prior-year market share data has been restated on this basis for comparison purposes.     

 GRIZZLY s market share was down 0.4   share points in the third quarter of 2016, compared with the third quarter of 2015, in a highly competitive marketplace. GRIZZLY s wintergreen and pouch offerings continued to show strength as the growth leaders within those moist-snuff categories. To complement GRIZZLY s range of product offerings and extend its market-leading position in wintergreen, the brand began expanding the GRIZZLY Dark Wintergreen style in early 2015. This style offers a differentiated and bolder wintergreen flavor, and is made from 100% American tobacco grown in Kentucky and Tennessee.  
 In September 2016, GRIZZLY expanded its product offerings with the national launch of Premium Dark Mint. This style offers 100% dark-fired American tobacco with mint flavor. GRIZZLY continues to show strength with its soft pouch design, which offers smokeless tobacco consumers a flavorful, moist experience that is easy to use, leading it to be the fastest growing pouch brand. The pouch category represents approximately 20% of the moist snuff industry. 
 Operating Income  
 American Snuff s operating income for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, increased as compared with the prior-year periods primarily due to higher net pricing and volume.   
 100 

All Other   
 RJR Vapor is the marketer of VUSE Digital Vapor Cigarette, manufactured on its behalf by RJR Tobacco. The national expansion of VUSE was completed in early 2015, and VUSE is now available in more than 112,000 outlets. VUSE is now the top-selling vapor product in convenience/gas stores, and its innovative digital technology is designed to deliver a consistent flavor and vapor experience. In March 2016, RJR Vapor introduced its VUSE FOB power unit. This next-level VUSE FOB, which integrates Bluetooth  technology, offers an on-device display with information about battery and cartridge levels. When paired with the VUSE App, the device can be locked, preventing use of the device by minors and others. VUSE FOB is available online to adult tobacco consumers. The All Other operating loss decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with the prior-year periods primarily due to asset impairment and exit charges of $99 million, that were recorded in the third quarter of 2015, related to the consolidation of manufacturing operations for VUSE. 
 Niconovum USA, Inc. is a marketer of a nicotine replacement therapy gum, ZONNIC, which is available in about 35,000 outlets across the United States.  Niconovum AB is a marketer of nicotine replacement therapy products in Sweden under the ZONNIC brand name.  
 Gain on divestitures 
 The results of operations of SFRTI were reported in All Other until their sale on January 13, 2016. SFRTI and various foreign subsidiaries affiliated with SFRTI distributed the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand outside of the United States.  RAI, through the Sellers, completed the sale of the international rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks, along with the international companies that distributed and marketed the brand outside the United States, to JTI Holding in an all-cash transaction for approximately $5 billion in cash and recognized a pre-tax gain of approximately $4.9 billion in the first quarter of 2016. See note 2 for additional information. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the $7 million and $3.5 billion gain, respectively, is a result of the divestiture of the WINSTON, KOOL and SALEM cigarette brands, previously owned by RAI subsidiaries, as well as the cigarette brand MAVERICK and the  e-vapor  brand blu (including SKYCIG), previously owned by Lorillard subsidiaries, and other assets and certain liabilities. 
 RAI Consolidated  
 Interest and debt expense  was $150     million and $476 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with $189 million and $385 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The change for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with the same period in 2015, is primarily due to the early redemption of debt that occurred in the first three months of 2016, and debt that matured in August 2016. The change for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with the same period in 2015, is primarily due to interest on the new notes issued to fund a portion of the Merger and on the notes assumed in connection with the Lorillard Tobacco Merger. RAI expects that interest expense will be lower in future quarters compared with prior periods due to the repurchase and redemption of approximately $3.7 billion of outstanding notes and repayment of matured debt of $500 million in the first nine months of 2016.  
 Other expense, net  was $10 million and $261 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with $5 million and $8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The change is attributable primarily to approximately $239 million in losses and other fees related to the cash tender offer and the redemption of notes in the first nine months of 2016.  
 Provision for income taxes  was $507     million, for an effective rate of 37.1%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $358     million, for an effective rate of 35.3%,     for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The provision for income taxes was $3.1 billion, for an effective tax rate of 37.5%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $2.9 billion, for an effective tax rate of 49.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was impacted by the sale of the international rights to the NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT brand name and associated trademarks, along with the international companies that distributed and marketed the brand outside the United States. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was unfavorably impacted by an increase in tax attributable to nondeductible costs related to the Merger and Divestiture and an increase in uncertain tax positions, partially offset by a decrease in tax attributable to the release of a valuation allowance and a reduction in state income taxes. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015, was favorably impacted by a decrease in tax attributable to the domestic manufacturing deduction and a reduction in state income taxes.  
 The effective tax rate for each period differed from the federal statutory rate of 35% due to the domestic manufacturing deduction of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, state income taxes and certain nondeductible items. 
 101 

Liquidity and Financial Condition  
 Liquidity  
 The principal sources of liquidity for RAI s operating subsidiaries  businesses and operating needs are internally generated funds from their operations and intercompany loans and advances. The principal sources of liquidity for RAI, in turn, are proceeds from issuances of debt securities and the Credit Agreement described below under    Credit Agreement,  as well as intercompany dividends and distributions. Cash flows from operating activities are believed to be sufficient for the foreseeable future to enable the operating subsidiaries to meet their obligations under the State Settlement Agreements, to make required debt-service payments, to fund their capital expenditures and to make payments to RAI that, when combined with RAI s cash balances, proceeds from any financings and loans under the Credit Agreement, will enable RAI to make its required debt-service payments, make share repurchases pursuant to the Governance Agreement and the Share Repurchase Program, and pay dividends to its shareholders. 
 The negative impact, if any, on the sources of liquidity that could result from a decrease in demand for products due to short-term inventory adjustments by wholesale and retail distributors, changes in competitive pricing, adverse regulatory actions, increases in excise taxes, or adverse impacts from financial markets, cannot be predicted. RAI cannot predict its cash requirements or those of its subsidiaries related to any future settlements or judgments, including cash required to be held in escrow or to bond any appeals, if necessary, and RAI makes no assurance that it or its subsidiaries will be able to meet all of those requirements.  
 RAI s operating companies monitor the liquidity of key suppliers and customers, and where liquidity concerns are identified, appropriate contingency or response plans are developed. During 2016, no business interruptions have occurred due to key supplier liquidity, and no liquidity issues were identified involving significant suppliers or customers.  
 RAI s excess cash may be invested in money market funds, commercial paper, corporate debt securities, U.S. treasuries, U.S. and international government agencies and time deposits in major institutions to minimize risk. At present, RAI primarily invests cash in U.S. treasuries and U.S. government agencies.  
 As of September 30, 2016, RAI held investments in auction rate securities valued at $61   million. Adverse changes in financial markets prior to 2009 caused the auction rate securities to revalue lower than carrying value and become less liquid. The auction rate securities will not become liquid until a successful auction occurs, a buyer is found or the investment matures. RAI intends, and has the ability, to hold these auction rate securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for sale, redemption or anticipated recovery in fair value. For additional information on these investments, see note 3 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  
 Credit Agreement and Long-Term Debt 
 RAI Notes  
 As of September 30, 2016, the principal amount of RAI s outstanding notes was $12.7 billion, with maturity dates ranging from 2017 to 2045. RAI, at its option, may redeem any or all of its outstanding notes, in whole or in part at any time, subject to the payment of a make-whole premium. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually. At September 30, 2016, the principal amount of RAI s current maturities of long-term debt was $447 million. In August 2016, RAI repaid at maturity, with available cash, $415 million in principal amount of notes. See note 9 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) for additional information. 
 RJR Tobacco Notes  
 As of September 30, 2016, the principal amount of RJR Tobacco s outstanding notes was $284 million, with maturity dates ranging from 2017 to 2041. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually. At September 30, 2016, the principal amount of RJR Tobacco s current maturities of long-term debt was $53 million. In August 2016, RJR Tobacco repaid at maturity, with available cash, $85 million in principal amount of notes. In June 2016, RJR Tobacco repurchased, prior to maturity, from available cash, $8.4 million of its outstanding notes. See note 9 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) for additional information relating to the RJR Tobacco notes. 
 Tender Offer and Redemption 
 Pursuant to its previously announced cash tender offer, RAI accepted for purchase $2.69 billion in aggregate principal amount of certain of its outstanding senior notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn on or prior to 5 p.m., New York City time, on February 18, 2016. On February 22, 2016, RAI paid, with cash on hand, aggregate total consideration of $2.81 billion, including the early tender premium of $30 per $1,000 principal amount of tendered notes, but excluding accrued and unpaid interest, for such notes accepted for purchase.  
 102 

On   March 5, 2016  , pursuant to its previously announced redemption call, RAI redeemed all $700 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of its 6.750% Senior Notes due 2017 and all $250 million outstanding aggregate p  rincipal amount of its 7.750% Senior Notes due 2018. See note 9 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) for additional information on the tender offer and redemption.  
 Credit Agreement  
 On December 18, 2014, RAI entered into the Credit Agreement with a syndicate of lenders, providing for a five-year $2 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which may be increased to $2.35 billion at the discretion of the lenders upon the request of RAI. The original maturity date of the Credit Agreement was December 18, 2019.  Pursuant to the first maturity date extension provision of the Credit Agreement, all of the lenders agreed, in October 2015 and upon RAI s request, to extend the maturity date of the Credit Agreement by 12 months, to December 18, 2020. On October 17, 2016, pursuant to the Credit Agreement s second and sole remaining maturity date extension provision, RAI requested that the maturity date of the Credit Agreement be extended from December 18, 2020 to December 18, 2021. Such maturity date extension request is subject, generally, to lenders holding at least a majority of the commitments under the Credit Agreement consenting to the request on or before November 18, 2016, unless such date is extended. Each lender has the discretion to decide whether to consent to the maturity date extension request. Any lender that does not timely consent to RAI s extension request will not have its maturity date extended beyond December 18, 2020, and its commitment will terminate as of such date. 
 Certain of RAI s subsidiaries, including its Material Subsidiaries, have guaranteed, on an unsecured basis, RAI s obligations under the Credit Agreement.  
 As of September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings and $6 million of letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement.   
 Other  
 The lowering of RAI s credit ratings, or concerns over such a lowering, could have an adverse impact on RAI s ability to access the debt markets and could increase borrowing costs.  
 RAI, RJR Tobacco and their affiliates were in compliance with all covenants and restrictions imposed by RAI s indebtedness and RJR Tobacco s indebtedness, as the case may be, at September 30, 2016.  
 For additional information on the Credit Agreement and Long-term Debt, see note 8 and note 9, respectively, to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  
 Dividends  
 On February 10, 2016, May 5, 2016, and July 25, 2016, RAI s board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend per common share of $0.42, $0.42 and $0.46 to shareholders of record as of March 10, 2016, June 10, 2016, and September 12, 2016, respectively. The dividends were paid on April 1, 2016, July 1, 2016 and October 3, 2016, respectively. 
 On an annualized basis, the current dividend rate is $1.84 per common share. The dividend reflects RAI s current policy of paying dividends to the holders of RAI s common stock in an aggregate amount that is approximately 80% of RAI s annual adjusted consolidated net income, as reported and reconciled to GAAP results in RAI s earnings releases. 
 Share Repurchases  
 During the first nine months of 2016, at a cost of $56 million, RAI purchased 1,118,283 shares of RAI common stock that were forfeited and cancelled with respect to tax liabilities associated with restricted stock units vesting under the Omnibus Plan. During the first nine months of 2016, in accordance with the Governance Agreement, at a cost of $93 million, RAI repurchased 1,817,846 shares of RAI common stock in open-market transactions. 
 On July 25, 2016, the board of directors of RAI authorized the Share Repurchase Program, providing for the repurchase, from time to time, on or before year-end 2018, of up to $2 billion of outstanding shares of RAI common stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, in accordance with the Share Repurchase Program, RAI repurchased 1,565,698 shares of RAI common stock for $75 million. 
 103 

Due to RAI s incorporation in North Carolina, which does not recognize treasury shares, the shares repurchased were cancelled at the time of purchase.  
 Capital Expenditures  
 RAI s operating subsidiaries recorded cash capital expenditures of $137 million and $98 million for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. RAI s operating subsidiaries plan to spend an additional $75 to $85 million for capital expenditures during the remainder of 2016, which includes ongoing investments related to the Merger. Other significant capital investments include upgrading corporate and manufacturing facilities and information management infrastructure. Capital expenditures are funded primarily by cash flows from operations. RAI s operating subsidiaries  capital expenditure programs are expected to continue at a level sufficient to support their strategic and operating needs. There were no material long-term commitments for capital expenditures as of September 30, 2016. 
 Retirement Benefits  
 RAI disclosed in its financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, that it expects to contribute $335 million to its pension plans in 2016, of which $333 million was contributed during the first nine months of 2016.  
 Litigation and Settlements  
 Reynolds Defendants have been named in a number of tobacco-related legal actions, proceedings or claims seeking damages in amounts ranging into the hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars. For further discussion of specific cases, see note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). Unfavorable judgments have been returned in a number of tobacco-related cases and state enforcement actions. As of September 30, 2016, RJR Tobacco had paid approximately $223 million since January 1, 2014, related to unfavorable smoking and health litigation judgments.  
 RAI s condensed consolidated balance sheet (unaudited) as of September 30, 2016, contains accruals for certain individual  Engle  Progeny cases. Other accruals include an amount for the estimated costs of the corrective communications in the  U.S. Department of Justice  case. For additional information related to these cases and other litigation, see note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  
 Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and generally it is not possible to predict the outcome of the litigation pending against Reynolds Defendants, or to reasonably estimate the amount or range of any possible loss, except for the cases noted above. Moreover, notwithstanding the quality of defenses available to Reynolds Defendants in tobacco-related litigation matters, it is possible that RAI s consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be materially adversely affected by the ultimate outcome of certain pending or future litigation matters or difficulties in obtaining the bonds required to stay execution of judgments on appeal.  
 In 1998, RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco, B W, SFNTC and the other major U.S. cigarette manufacturers entered into the MSA with attorneys general representing most U.S. states, territories and possessions. The State Settlement Agreements impose a perpetual stream of future payment obligations on RJR Tobacco, SFNTC and the other major U.S. cigarette manufacturers, and place significant restrictions on their ability to market and sell cigarettes in the future. For additional information related to historical and expected settlement expenses and payments under the State Settlement Agreements, see    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry  State Settlement Agreements Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). The State Settlement Agreements have materially adversely affected RJR Tobacco s shipment volumes. RAI believes that these settlement obligations may materially adversely affect the results of operations, cash flows or financial position of RAI and RJR Tobacco in future periods.  
 In 2012, RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco, certain other PMs, including SFNTC, and certain settling states entered into a Term Sheet that sets forth the terms on which accrued and potential NPM Adjustment claims for 2003 through 2012 could be resolved. The Term Sheet also sets forth a restructured NPM Adjustment process to be applied on a going-forward basis, starting with the 2013 volume year.  
 Subsequently, five additional states joined the Term Sheet, some on terms that were marginally more favorable to the PMs than those of the original signatories. The signatories to the Term Sheet represent an allocable share of 49.87%. The Term Sheet is binding on all signatories. 
 Credits are recognized when RJR Tobacco and Santa Fe meet the performance requirements associated with the Term Sheet. Credits recognized in a given year are available to offset the payments made in April of the following year. 
 104 

In   September 2013, an arbitration panel ruled six states had not diligently enforced their qualifying statutes in 2003 related to the NPM Adjustme  nt.    In October 2016,   t  he U.S. Supreme Court denied RJR Tobacco s petition for writ of certiorari against Pennsylvania and Maryland, thus eliminating a portion of RJR Tobacco s recovery from these states.   Certain findings by the arbitration panel against   t  wo   of the   original six   states are currently in litigation and as such, the full amount of recovery from these states is uncertain. For the amounts that were certain and estimable, RJR Tobacco and Santa Fe, collectively, recognized $70 million as a reductio  n of cost of products sold in the   nine months   ended   September 30  , 2015. No comparable amounts were recognized in the   nine months   ended   September 30  , 2016.  
 In October 2015, RJR Tobacco, SFNTC and certain other PMs entered into the NY Settlement Agreement to settle certain claims related to the MSA NPM Adjustment. The NY Settlement Agreement resolved NPM Adjustment claims related to payment years from 2004 through 2014, providing RJR Tobacco and SFNTC, collectively, with credits of approximately $290 million, plus interest, subject to meeting various performance obligations. These credits will be applied against annual payments under the MSA over a four-year period, which commenced with the April 2016 MSA payment. In addition, the NY Settlement Agreement put in place a new method to determine future adjustments from 2015 forward as to New York.  
 For additional information related to this litigation and its potential resolution, see    Cost of Products Sold  in note 1 and    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   State Settlement Agreements Enforcement and Validity; Adjustments , in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  
   
 Governmental Activity  
 The marketing, sale, taxation and use of tobacco products have been subject to substantial regulation by government and health officials for many years. Various state governments have adopted or are considering, among other things, legislation and regulations that would:  

significantly increase their taxes on all tobacco products;      

restrict displays, advertising and sampling of tobacco products;      

raise the minimum age to possess or purchase tobacco products;      

restrict or ban the use of menthol in cigarettes or prohibit mint or wintergreen as a flavor in smokeless tobacco products and vapor products;      

require the disclosure of ingredients used in the manufacture of tobacco products;      

require the disclosure of nicotine yield information for cigarettes;      

impose restrictions on smoking and vaping in public and private areas; and      

restrict the sale of tobacco products directly to consumers or other unlicensed recipients, including by mail or over the Internet.      

 Together with substantial increases in state and federal taxes on tobacco products, and the granting to the FDA of broad authority over the manufacture, sale, marketing and packaging of tobacco products, these developments have had and will likely continue to have an adverse effect on the sale of tobacco products. Products that are alternatives to traditional tobacco products also have become subject to increasing regulation. For example, in addition to the regulation by the FDA of e-cigarettes, as described below, various states have adopted, or are considering adoption of, taxes on e-cigarettes as well as restrictions on the promotion and distribution of e-cigarettes, and tamper resistant and child resistant packaging requirements for e-cigarettes.  
 105 

Taxation  
 General 
 Cigarettes and other tobacco products are subject to substantial taxes in the United States. As a result of a 2009 law which increased taxes on cigarettes and other tobacco products:  

Currently, there is no federal tax on vapor products, such as e-cigarettes.  
 On February 9, 2016, President Obama released a budget in which he proposed increasing the federal excise tax: on a pack of cigarettes from $1.01 to $1.95; for snuff from $1.51 per pound to $2.93 per pound; and for chewing tobacco from $0.5033 per pound to $0.98 per pound. These proposed tax increases would fund a new initiative for pre-kindergarten education for lower-income children. RAI s management believes that such tax increases would have an adverse impact on the sale of tobacco products by RAI s operating companies and could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows or financial position of RAI, including impairment of the value of its operating subsidiaries  trademarks.  
 Cigarettes 
 The 2009 federal excise tax increase on tobacco products increased taxes on ready-made cigarettes, such as those made by RJR Tobacco and SFNTC, at a much higher rate than taxes on loose tobacco. As a result of that tax disparity, the number of retailers selling loose tobacco and operating roll-your-own machines, allowing consumers to convert the loose tobacco into finished cigarettes, greatly increased following the 2009 federal tax hike on tobacco products. On July 6, 2012, President Obama signed into law a provision classifying retailers which operate roll-your-own machines as cigarette manufacturers, and thus requiring those retailers to pay the same tax rate as other cigarette manufacturers. As of September 30, 2016, 26 states also had passed legislation classifying retailers operating roll-your-own machines as cigarette manufacturers.  
 All states and the District of Columbia currently impose cigarette excise taxes at levels ranging from $0.17 per pack in Missouri to $4.35 per pack in New York. As of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, the weighted average state cigarette excise tax per pack, calculated on a 12-month rolling average basis, was approximately $1.34 and $1.39, respectively. Certain city and county governments, such as New York, Philadelphia and Chicago, also impose substantial excise taxes on cigarettes sold in those jurisdictions. During the first nine months of 2016, 19 states proposed legislation to increase cigarette excise taxes, with legislation being adopted in three states (Louisiana, Pennsylvania and West Virginia), and failing in 16 states.    
 Proposals to increase cigarette excise taxes in the following states, and in the following amounts, will appear on ballots in these states during the November 2016 general election: California (an increase of $2.00 per pack); Colorado (an increase of $1.75 per pack); Missouri (an increase of $0.60 per pack, to be phased in over four years in equal annual increments); and North Dakota (an increase of $1.76 per pack). If the foregoing proposed California cigarette excise tax increase had been in effect as of September 30, 2016, the weighted average state cigarette excise tax per pack, calculated on a 12-month rolling average basis, would have been $1.526. If all of the foregoing proposed state cigarette excise tax increases had been in effect as of September 30, 2016 (giving effect to the first incremental tax increase in Missouri), the weighted average state cigarette excise tax per pack, calculated on a 12-month rolling average basis, would have been $1.566. 
 Six states now require NPMs to pay a fee on each pack of cigarettes sold in their respective states, ranging from $0.25 per pack in Alaska to $0.55 per pack in Texas.  
 The Texas equity fee has been challenged by a coalition of small tobacco manufacturers. This group asserts that the Texas fee violates the Texas Constitution s  Equal and Uniform  Clause, as well as the Equal Protection and Due Process Clauses of the U.S. Constitution. On November 15, 2013, a state trial court in Texas declared the equity fee unconstitutional and enjoined the state from  assessing, collecting, and enforcing  the fee. The State of Texas appealed the court s order. In doing so, enforcement of the trial court s order, including the injunction, is suspended. On August 15, 2014, the three-judge panel unanimously affirmed the ruling, and on October 29, 2014, the State of Texas filed its petition for review with the Texas Supreme Court. On April 1, 2016, the Texas Supreme Court reversed the Texas Court of Appeals, and ruled that the Texas equity fee legislation does not violate the Equal and Uniform Clause of the Texas Constitution. The Texas Supreme Court remanded the case back to the Texas Court of Appeals for that court to consider the non-settling manufacturers  remaining challenges to the equity fee. On June 20, 2016, plaintiffs filed a motion for rehearing with the Texas Supreme Court. That motion was denied. 
 106 

Smokeless  
 As of September 30, 2016, forty-nine states and the District of Columbia also subjected smokeless tobacco products to excise taxes, as summarized below:  

26 states taxed moist snuff on an ad valorem basis, at rates ranging from 5% in South Carolina to 210% in Massachusetts;      

21 states and the District of Columbia had weight-based taxes on moist snuff, ranging from $0.02 for cans weighing between    5   /   8    of an ounce and 1   5   /   8    ounces in Alabama to $2.02 per ounce in Maine; and      

two states imposed a unit tax on moist snuff: Kentucky, with a tax of $0.19 per unit, and Washington, with a tax of $2.526 per unit for units weighing 1.2 ounces or less and a proportionate amount above that weight. In addition, Minnesota imposed a tax on moist snuff at a rate equal to the greater of (1) 95% of the wholesale price and (2) generally, the tax equal to the rate imposed on a pack of 20 cigarettes.      

 During the first nine months of 2016, 15 states proposed legislation to increase, or, in the case of Pennsylvania, to adopt for the first time, excise taxes on smokeless tobacco products, with such legislation being adopted in two states (Pennsylvania, effective as of October 1, 2016, and West Virginia), failing in 11 states and remaining pending, as of September 30, 2016, in two states. 
 Vapor Products 
 As of September 30, 2016, five states and the District of Columbia imposed a tax on vapor products, such as e-cigarettes, as follows:  Minnesota, which taxes vapor products at the same rate as it taxes smokeless tobacco products; Louisiana,  North Carolina, Kansas and West Virginia, which tax vapor products at a per fluid milliliter rate of $0.05, $0.05, $0.20 and $0.075, respectively; and the District of Columbia, which taxes vapor products on an ad valorem basis at a 70% rate.  Further, during the first nine months of 2016, 19 states proposed taxes on vapor products, including, in some cases, implementing a tax on a per fluid milliliter basis, taxing vapor products on the same basis as  other tobacco products  and, in other cases, taxing vapor products at a rate equivalent to cigarette excise taxes.  Such legislation was adopted in two states (Pennsylvania, effective as of October 1, 2016, and West Virginia), failed in 15 states, and, as of September 30, 2016, remained pending in two states.  
 FDA Tobacco Act  
 General 
 In 2009, President Obama signed into law the FDA Tobacco Act, which grants the FDA broad authority over the manufacture, sale, marketing and packaging of tobacco products. Pursuant to the FDA Tobacco Act:  

charitable distributions of tobacco products are prohibited;      

statements that would lead consumers to believe that a tobacco product is approved, endorsed, or deemed safe by the FDA are prohibited;      

pre-market approval by the FDA is required for claims made with respect to reduced risk or reduced exposure products;      

the marketing of tobacco products in conjunction with any other class of product regulated by the FDA is prohibited;      

tobacco manufacturers are banned from selling cigarettes with characterizing flavors (other than menthol, which under the FDA Tobacco Act is specifically exempt as a characterizing flavor, but the impact of which on public health will be studied as discussed below);      

all manufacturers are required to register with the FDA their domestic manufacturing facilities as well as all cigarette and smokeless tobacco products sold in the United States;      

the FDA reissued regulations addressing advertising and marketing restrictions that were originally promulgated in 1996 (including, among other restrictions, prohibitions on: the sale of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products to persons under the age of 18; the sale of packages of cigarettes with less than 20 cigarettes; the distribution of free samples of cigarettes; and brand name sponsorship of any athletic, musical or other social/cultural events);      

manufacturers were required to produce health-related documents generated from and after June 22, 2009 through December 31, 2009 (the FDA has interpreted the FDA Tobacco Act as establishing an ongoing requirement to submit health-related documents; however, the FDA has not yet established a timetable for further production);      

manufacturers are required to make by-brand ingredient submissions, place different and larger warnings on packaging and advertising for smokeless tobacco products and eliminate the use of descriptors on tobacco products, such as  low-tar  and  lights       

 107 

the FDA issued a final regulation for the imposition of larger, graphic health warnings on cigarette packaging and advertising, which was scheduled to take effect   September 22, 2012, but the FDA is currently enjoined from enforcing such regulation;      

as described in greater detail below, new or modified products introduced in the market after February 15, 2007 are subject to certain FDA clearance requirements;      

the FDA announced that it would inspect every domestic establishment that manufactured cigarettes, cigarette tobacco, roll-your-own tobacco or smokeless tobacco products once in a two-year cycle, beginning October 1, 2011;      

in April 2012, the FDA issued draft guidance on: (1) the reporting of harmful and potentially harmful constituents in tobacco products and tobacco smoke pursuant to Section 904(a)(3) of the FDA Tobacco Act, and (2) preparing and submitting applications for modified risk tobacco products pursuant to Section 911 of the FDA Tobacco Act; and     

in September 2015, the FDA issued guidance entitled  Demonstrating the Substantial Equivalence of a New Tobacco Product:  Response to Frequently Asked Questions (Edition 2).   In that guidance, the FDA takes the position that label changes that render the product distinct, and changes in product quantity result in a new product which must undergo premarket review (for information concerning litigation related to this guidance, see    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Other Litigation and Developments   FDA Litigation  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited)).     

 The FDA Tobacco Act grants the FDA the authority to impose broad additional restrictions.  On a going forward basis, the FDA:  

will require manufacturers to test ingredients and constituents identified by the FDA and disclose this information to the public;      

will prohibit use of tobacco containing a pesticide chemical residue at a level greater than allowed under Federal law;      

will establish  good manufacturing practices  to be followed at tobacco manufacturing facilities;      

may place more severe restrictions on the advertising, marketing and sale of tobacco products; and     

may require the reduction of nicotine and the reduction or elimination of other constituents.     

 The U.S. Congress did limit the FDA s authority in two areas, prohibiting it from:  

banning all tobacco products; and      

requiring the reduction of nicotine yields of a tobacco product to zero.      

 In 2009, a  Center for Tobacco Products,  referred to as the CTP, was established within the FDA, funded through quarterly user fees that will be assessed against tobacco product manufacturers and importers based on market share. The total amount of user fees to be collected over the first ten years will be approximately $5.4 billion.  
 Within the CTP, a Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee, referred to as the TPSAC, was established on March 22, 2010, to provide advice, information and recommendations with respect to the safety, dependence or health issues related to tobacco products. The TPSAC is scheduled to meet periodically to address matters brought to it by the Center as well as those required of it by the Act, including:  

a recommendation on modified risk applications;      

a recommendation as to whether there is a threshold level below which nicotine yields do not produce dependence;      

a report on the impact of the use of menthol in cigarettes on the public health; and      

a report on the impact of dissolvable tobacco products on the public health.      

 108 

Potential Regulation of Menthol  
 At a meeting held on March 18, 2011, the TPSAC presented its final report on the use of menthol, which concluded that removal of menthol cigarettes from the marketplace would benefit public health in the United States. On July 24, 2013, the FDA issued a report detailing its own preliminary scientific evaluation of public health issues related to the use of menthol in cigarettes, including a determination that there is likely a public health impact of menthol in cigarettes. The FDA s report found that the weight of the evidence supports the conclusion that menthol in cigarettes is associated with:  

increased initiation among youth and young adults;      

reduced success in smoking cessation; and      

increased dependence.      

 The report found that menthol in cigarettes is not associated with:  

increased smoke toxicity;      

increased levels of biomarkers of exposure; or      

increased disease risk.      

 The FDA concurrently published in the  Federal Register  an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, referred to as the ANPRM, to obtain information related to the potential regulation of menthol in cigarettes. The ANPRM sought comments from interested stakeholders on the FDA s preliminary evaluation, as well as any data, research or other information on various topics, including, but not limited to:  

potential product standards for menthol and the potential period for compliance with such standards;      

potential restrictions on the sale and/or distribution of menthol products; and      

evidence regarding illicit trade in menthol cigarettes (including the public health impact thereof) should the use of menthol in cigarettes be restricted or banned.      

 In November 2013, RAI s operating companies submitted comments on the ANPRM. The FDA will evaluate all comments it has received from interested stakeholders in response to the ANPRM, as the agency considers whether to require additional standards or restrictions with respect to menthol cigarettes. The FDA Tobacco Act does not require the FDA to adopt any such standards or restrictions. Any rule that the FDA may propose will be subject to a 60-day comment period, and may only become effective at least one year after the rule s adoption.  If the FDA were to adopt a rule banning or severely restricting the use of menthol in cigarettes, such rule could have an adverse effect on the sale of RAI s subsidiaries  products containing menthol and, as a result, on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 
 On February 25, 2011, RJR Tobacco, Lorillard, Inc. and Lorillard Tobacco Company jointly filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia a lawsuit,  Lorillard, Inc. v. U.S. Food and Drug Administration , challenging the composition of the TPSAC. For additional information concerning this case, see    Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Other Litigation and Developments   FDA Litigation  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  
 At a meeting on March 1, 2012, the TPSAC presented to the FDA its final report and recommendations with respect to dissolvable tobacco products. The FDA will consider the report and recommendations and determine what future action, if any, is warranted with respect to dissolvable tobacco products. There is no timeline or statutory requirement for the FDA to act on the TPSAC s recommendations.  
 Final Deeming Regulation 
 On May 10, 2016, the FDA issued a final regulation, referred to as the Final Rule, deeming all products that meet the FDA Tobacco Act s definition of  tobacco product  to be subject to the FDA s regulatory authority under the FDA Tobacco Act.  The Final Rule became effective as of August 8, 2016, though each requirement of the Final Rule has its own compliance date.  Such newly  deemed  tobacco products subject to the FDA Tobacco Act include, among others, electronic nicotine delivery systems (including e-cigarettes, e-hookah, e-cigars, vape pens, advanced refillable personal vaporizers, electronic pipes and e-liquids mixed in vape shops), certain dissolvable tobacco products, cigars, and pipe tobacco.  In addition,  components  and  parts  (e.g., batteries), but not  accessories  (e.g., lighters, pipe pouches), of newly deemed products are themselves subject to the FDA Tobacco Act by virtue of the Final Rule.   
 109 

Deemed products   are   subject to the provisions of the FDA Tobacco Act to which currently regulated   tobacco products have been subject since the FDA Tobacco Act s adoption in 2009, including: adulteration and misbranding provisions; requirements relating to ingredient listing and reporting of harmful and potentially harmful constituents; registration of   tobacco product manufacturing establishments and product listing; restrictions against the sale and distribution of products with modified risk descriptions (such as use of  light,   low,  and  mild  prohibition on the distribution of free samples; a req  uired health warning; and, as described in more detail below, premarket review requirements.     
 The  grandfather  date under the Final Rule for newly deemed products remains the same as the  grandfather  date for those tobacco products already subject to the FDA Tobacco Act   February 15, 2007.  Any tobacco product that was not legally marketed as of February 15, 2007, will be considered a new tobacco product subject to premarket review by the FDA.   
 The FDA has recognized that few, if any, e-cigarettes were on the market as of February 15, 2007, but thousands of such products (including RJR Vapor s VUSE Digital Vapor Cigarette) subsequently have entered into commerce.  To address this issue, the FDA has established a compliance policy regarding its premarket review requirements for all newly deemed tobacco products that are not grandfathered products, but that were on the market as of August 8, 2016.  For these products, the FDA will allow such products to remain on the market so long as the manufacturer has filed the appropriate premarket review application by the applicable deadline: Substantial Equivalence Exemption Report   August 8, 2017; Substantial Equivalence Report   February 8, 2018; and Premarket Tobacco Product Application, referred to as a PMTA,   August 8, 2018. During the third quarter, and prior to August 8, 2016, RJR Vapor introduced into the market additional newly deemed tobacco products. 
 RJR Vapor intends to file a PMTA with respect to VUSE and certain other of its e-cigarette products.  Further, RJR Vapor believes that substantially all other e-cigarette manufacturers likewise will be unable to use the substantial equivalence pathway to obtain FDA clearance of their respective e-cigarettes, but instead, will be required to file PMTAs to obtain FDA clearance of such products.  Based on the FDA s draft guidance setting forth the type of evidence that must be included within a premarket review application, RJR Vapor expects the costs of preparing a PMTA to be significant, and a cost more easily borne by larger manufacturers.   
 In order for the FDA to clear a PMTA covering an e-cigarette, the applicant must show that the marketing of such e-cigarette would be appropriate for the protection of the public health.  Under the FDA Tobacco Act, whether a tobacco product is appropriate for the protection of the public health is to be determined   with respect to the risks and benefits to the population as a whole, including users and nonusers of the tobacco product, and taking into account   (A) the increased or decreased likelihood that existing users of tobacco products will stop using such products; and (B) the increased or decreased likelihood that those who do not use tobacco products will start using such products.   In draft guidance issued by the FDA, the agency has stated that to completely assess whether a PMTA shows that a product is appropriate for the protection of the public health, the  FDA will look at the product in the context of the current tobacco product market.  FDA can do this by understanding the spectrum of risk of currently available tobacco products and assessing the new product within that spectrum.   At present, there is substantial uncertainty over how the FDA will apply the foregoing principles in practice when determining whether to clear an e-cigarette PMTA.  To date, few PMTAs have been filed, and the only PMTAs that the FDA has cleared relate to snus products of other manufacturers.  
 As part of its compliance policy, the FDA has stated that for any product for which the appropriate premarket review application has been timely filed, the manufacturer may continue to market the product for an additional year from the deadline for filing the appropriate application (i.e., August 8, 2019 for PMTAs) while the FDA reviews the application.  If the FDA rejects the premarket review application (even if the rejection occurs prior to the end of the one-year period), then the manufacturer must immediately remove that product from commerce.  At the end of the one-year compliance period, if the product has not yet been given market authorization, the Final Rule authorizes the FDA to take enforcement action.  However, if review of a pending premarket review application is substantially complete and the manufacturer has provided all required information, then the FDA may defer enforcement for a reasonable time period on a case-by-case basis.  For deemed products that were not on the market as of August 8, 2016, the above compliance policy does not apply and, instead, manufacturers must file the appropriate premarket review application and obtain FDA clearance before marketing such product.   
 FDA Warning Letter to SFNTC 
   On August 27, 2015, the FDA sent a warning letter to SFNTC claiming that SFNTC s use of the terms  Natural  and  Additive Free  in the product labeling and advertising for NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT cigarettes violates the Modified Risk Tobacco Products provision of the FDA Tobacco Act.  On September 18, 2015, SFNTC provided a written response to the FDA, explaining why it believes its use of these terms does not violate the FDA Tobacco Act.  SFNTC has not modified the product labeling or advertising for its NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT cigarettes since the receipt of the FDA s warning letter.  If, in response to the FDA s warning letter, SFNTC were to delete, or substantially modify, the terms  Natural  and/or  Additive Free  appearing on the labeling and/or advertising of its NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT cigarettes, that could have an adverse effect on the sale of such cigarettes and, as a result, on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of SFNTC and RAI.  Further, if the FDA  
 110 

determines that the use o  f those terms violates the FDA Tobacco Act, the FDA could take a variety of enforcement actions against SFNTC.  
 Premarket Review 
 RAI s strategy of focusing on innovation to help transform the tobacco industry is dependent on its operating companies  ability to introduce new products into the market.  For a manufacturer to launch a new product or modify an existing one after March 22, 2011, the FDA Tobacco Act requires a manufacturer to file one of three types of product applications (a new product application, a substantial equivalence application or a substantial equivalence exemption application) with the CTP, depending on the type and level of change being sought.  In all cases, however, the manufacturer may not market the new or modified product in the United States until the CTP issues a marketing order, allowing the product to be marketed.  Although the FDA Tobacco Act has now been in effect for more than six years, uncertainty remains as to the timing of the review and the requirements for clearance of new or modified tobacco products introduced in the market after March 22, 2011.  These uncertainties, in conjunction with the clearance requirement itself, could have an adverse impact on the ability of RAI s operating companies to innovate in the future.   
 Similarly, a manufacturer that introduced a new tobacco product or modified a tobacco product between February 15, 2007 and March 22, 2011, was required to file a substantial equivalence report with the CTP, demonstrating either (1) that the new or modified product had the same characteristics as a product commercially available as of February 15, 2007, referred to as a predicate product, or (2) if the new or modified product had different characteristics than the predicate product, that it did not raise different questions of public health.  A product subject to such report is referred to as a provisional product. A manufacturer may continue to market a provisional product unless and until the CTP issues an order that the provisional product is not substantially equivalent, in which case the FDA could then require the manufacturer to remove the provisional product from the market.  On September 15, 2015, the CTP issued four Not Substantially Equivalent orders, referred to as NSE orders, to RJR Tobacco, determining that four cigarette styles are not substantially equivalent to their respective predicate products, and ordering that RJR Tobacco immediately stop all distribution, importation, sale, marketing and promotion of these provisional products.  On September 29, 2015, RJR Tobacco provided the FDA with a compliance plan with respect to these NSE orders.  On January 20, 2016, RJR Tobacco received notification from the CTP s Office of Compliance and Enforcement that no further action was necessary on the compliance plan. 
 As with new or modified tobacco products introduced after March 22, 2011, uncertainty remains over the timing of review of substantial equivalence reports for provisional products.  Moreover, although the sales of the provisional products subject to the NSE orders described in the preceding paragraph are not material to RJR Tobacco, substantially all of RAI s operating companies  products currently on the market are provisional products.  If the CTP were to issue NSE orders with respect to other provisional products of RAI s operating companies, such orders, if not withdrawn or invalidated, would have a material adverse impact on the sales of the products subject to the orders, and could have an adverse impact on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of RAI. 
 On September 30, 2015, RJR Tobacco, American Snuff Co., SFNTC and other tobacco companies jointly filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia challenging the FDA s September 8, 2015  guidance  document regarding demonstrating substantial equivalence of a new tobacco product.  For additional information concerning this case, see   Litigation Affecting the Cigarette Industry   Other Litigation and Developments   FDA Developments  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 The FDA Tobacco Act could result in a decrease in cigarette, smokeless tobacco product and e-cigarette sales in the United States, including sales of RJR Tobacco s, SFNTC s, American Snuff Co. s and RJR Vapor s brands, that, together with increased costs incurred by RAI s operating companies arising from the FDA Tobacco Act, could have a material adverse effect on RAI s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  It is not possible to determine what additional federal, state or local legislation or regulations relating to smoking or cigarettes will be enacted or to predict the effect of new legislation or regulations on RJR Tobacco, SFNTC or the cigarette industry in general, but any new legislation or regulations could have an adverse effect on RJR Tobacco, SFNTC or the cigarette industry in general. Similarly, it is not possible to determine what additional federal, state or local legislation or regulations relating to smokeless tobacco products or e-cigarettes will be enacted or to predict the effect of new regulations on American Snuff Co. or smokeless tobacco products in general or on RJR Vapor or e-cigarettes in general, as the case may be, but any new legislation or regulations could have an adverse effect on American Snuff Co. or smokeless tobacco products in general or on RJR Vapor or e-cigarettes in general, as the case may be.  

Other Contingencies  
 For information relating to other contingencies of RAI, RJR, RJR Tobacco, Lorillard Tobacco, American Snuff Co., SFNTC and RJR Vapor, see    Other Contingencies  in note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).  
 111 

Off-Balance Sheet Arra  ngements   
 RAI has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on its financial position, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  
 Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements included in this report that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this document and in documents incorporated by reference, forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding financial forecasts or projections, and RAI and its subsidiaries  expectations, beliefs, intentions or future strategies that are signified by the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   objective,   outlook,   plan,   project,   possible,   potential,   should  and similar expressions. These statements regarding future events or the future performance or results of RAI and its subsidiaries inherently are subject to a variety of risks, contingencies and other uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those described in or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks, contingencies and other uncertainties include: 

the effect of unfavorable litigation relating to the sale, distribution, manufacture, development, advertising, marketing and claimed health effects of tobacco products (including smokeless tobacco products and electronic cigarettes) that is pending or may be instituted against RAI or its subsidiaries, including, the   Engle   Progeny cases;     

the effect of adverse governmental developments on RAI s subsidiaries  sales of products that contain menthol, including the possibility that the FDA will issue regulations prohibiting menthol, or restricting the use of menthol, in cigarettes;     

the adverse effects (including damage to RAI s reputation, recall costs and decreased sales) arising from an order of the CTP (1) finding that a provisional product sold by an RAI subsidiary is not substantially equivalent to a predicate product, and (2) as a result, requiring that the provisional product be removed from the market;     

the possibility that the CTP fails to grant a marketing order allowing an RAI subsidiary to launch a new tobacco product or modify an existing product;     

the adverse effects arising out of (1) the FDA s issuance of a warning letter to SFNTC regarding the company s use of the terms  natural  and  additive free  in the product labeling and advertising for NATURAL AMERICAN SPIRIT cigarettes without a modified risk product authorization order from the agency, or (2) other FDA actions related to product labeling and advertising, in each case potentially resulting in damage to RAI s reputation, fines and related costs and decreased sales;     

the adverse effects arising from the FDA s issuance in May 2016 of a regulation extending the agency s control and authority over tobacco products to e-cigarettes, (1) subjecting e-cigarettes to restrictions on, among other things, the manufacturing, marketing and sale of such products, and (2) requiring FDA clearance of e-cigarettes introduced to the market after February 15, 2007;     

the possibility that the FDA will issue regulations further controlling constituents in cigarettes, including requiring the reduction of nicotine levels or the reduction or elimination of other constituents;     

the substantial payment obligations based on cigarette sales, coupled with the substantial limitations on the sale, advertising and marketing of cigarettes (and of RJR Tobacco s smoke-free tobacco products) under the State Settlement Agreements and the possibility that NPM Adjustment awards could be vacated or otherwise modified;     

the continued decline in U.S. cigarette consumption or the possible transition of consumers away from premium brands to lower-cost brands, considering RAI s and its subsidiaries  dependence on the U.S. cigarette industry and premium and super-premium cigarette brands;     

the success or failure of new products (including vapor category product offerings and other non-traditional tobacco products), marketing strategies and promotional programs;     

competitive actions and pricing pressures from other manufacturers, including manufacturers of deep-discount cigarette brands;     

significant current and anticipated federal, state and local governmental regulation of tobacco products, including limitations on advertising, sale and use of tobacco products;     

substantial and increasing taxation of tobacco products;     

fluctuations in the availability, quality and price of raw materials and commodities, including tobacco leaf, used in the products of RAI s subsidiaries;     

the reliance on a few significant manufacturing facilities and single source suppliers for certain key raw materials;     

 112 

the possible impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, including trademarks;     

the effect of market conditions on the investment returns earned on pension assets or any adverse effects of any new legislation or regulations changing pension and postretirement benefits accounting or required pension funding levels;     

the concentration of a material amount of sales with a limited number of customers and potential loss of these customers;     

security breaches or disruptions in critical information technology systems, many of which are managed by third party service providers;     

the impact of the health and social issues associated with the tobacco industry on attracting and retaining qualified professionals;     

the inability to adequately protect intellectual property rights;     

indemnification obligations for specified matters and retention of certain liabilities related to assets transferred in transactions with ITG and JTI Holding;     

the success or failure of acquisitions or dispositions, which RAI or its subsidiaries may engage in from time to time;     

the effect of market conditions on interest rate risk and the return on corporate cash, or adverse changes in liquidity in the financial markets;     

the substantial amount of RAI and RJR Tobacco debt, including the additional debt assumed and incurred in connection with the Merger, and failure to comply with debt covenants;     

the impact of a potential decrease in RAI s credit ratings on RAI s ability to access the debt capital markets and on RAI s borrowing costs;     

the possibility of changes in RAI s dividend policy;     

the significant collective ownership interest in RAI of BAT and its subsidiaries, and their associated rights under the Governance Agreement, which if terminated, in whole or in part, in accordance with its terms, could eliminate the board composition and share transfer restrictions placed on BAT and its subsidiaries; and      

the absence of significant anti-takeover measures, following the expiration of the standstill provision in the Governance Agreement and the RAI shareholder rights plan, together with the effects of the recent declassification of the board of directors.     

 Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks, contingencies and other uncertainties, including, without limitation, those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and in particular, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (as updated by Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016), and those discussed in other documents we file from time to time with the SEC. Due to these risks, contingencies and other uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Except as provided by federal securities laws, RAI is not required to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
 Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. RAI and its subsidiaries are exposed to interest rate risk directly related to their normal investing and funding activities. In addition, RAI and its subsidiaries have immaterial exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk related primarily to purchases or foreign operations denominated in euros, British pounds, Swiss francs, Swedish krona, Chinese renminbi, Canadian dollar and Japanese yen. RAI and its subsidiaries have established policies and procedures to manage their exposure to market risks.  
 113 

The table below provides information, as of   September   30, 2016, abou  t RAI s financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. The table presents notional amounts and weighted average interest rates by contractual maturity dates for the years ending December 31:   

(1)    
 
    Fair values are based on current market rates available or on rates available for instruments with similar terms and maturities and quoted fair values.      

(2)    
 
    Based upon coupon interest rates for fixed-rate instruments.      

 RAI s exposure to foreign currency transactions was not material to its results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. RAI currently has no hedges for its exposure to foreign currency.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

(a)   
 
 RAI s chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that RAI s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on their evaluation of these controls and procedures.     

(b)   
 
 There have been no changes in RAI s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the first nine months of 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, RAI s internal controls over financial reporting.     

114 

PA  RT II-Other Information   
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
 For a discussion of the litigation and legal proceedings pending against Reynolds Defendants, see note 10 to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Estimates   Litigation  included in Part I, Item 2.  
     Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
 RAI conducts its business through its subsidiaries and is dependent on the earnings and cash flows of its subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations and other cash needs. For additional information, see  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Financial Condition  in Part I, Item 2. RAI does not believe that the provisions of its Credit Agreement and notes (and the associated guarantees of the foregoing) will impair its payment of quarterly dividends.  
 The following table summarizes RAI s purchases of its common stock during the third quarter of 2016: 

1       
 
   During September 2016, RAI repurchased and cancelled 226 shares of its common stock with respect to the tax liability associated with vesting of restricted stock unit grants under the Omnibus Plan.     

2     
 
   During September 2016, RAI repurchased and cancelled 1,530 shares of its common stock with respect to the tax liability associated with the issuance of shares under the Equity Incentive Award Plan for Directors of Reynolds American Inc.       

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit Number  

Description  

10.1  

Share Repurchase Agreement, dated July 25, 2016, by Reynolds American Inc., Brown   Williamson Holdings, Inc. and Louisville Securities Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Reynolds American Inc. s Form 8-K dated July 25, 2016.)  

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer relating to RAI s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer relating to RAI s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

32.1*  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer relating to RAI s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016,  pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C.  1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS  

XBRL instance document  

101.SCH  

XBRL taxonomy extension schema  

101.CAL  

XBRL taxonomy extension calculation linkbase  

101.DEF  

XBRL taxonomy extension definition linkbase document  

101.LAB  

XBRL taxonomy extension label linkbase  

101.PRE  

XBRL taxonomy extension presentation linkbase  

*   
 
   Exhibit is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subjected to the liabilities of that Section. This exhibit shall not be incorporated by reference into any     

 115 

registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.      

116 

SIGNAT  URES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

REYNOLDS AMERICAN INC. 
 (Registrant)  

Dated: October 19, 2016   

/s/ Andrew D. Gilchrist  

Andrew D. Gilchrist  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(principal financial officer)  

117  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rai-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

rai-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
   
 I, Susan M. Cameron, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Reynolds American Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c.   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d.   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 19, 2016 

/s/ Susan M. Cameron  

Susan M. Cameron  
 President and  
 Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 rai-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

rai-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
   
 I, Andrew D. Gilchrist, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Reynolds American Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c.   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d.   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 19, 2016 

/s/ Andrew D. Gilchrist  

Andrew D. Gilchrist 
 Executive Vice President and  
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 rai-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

rai-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
   
 REYNOLDS AMERICAN INC. 
 ________________ 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 
 ________________ 
   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Susan M. Cameron, Chief Executive Officer, and Andrew D. Gilchrist, Chief Financial Officer, of Reynolds American Inc. ( RAI ), hereby certifies, to her or his knowledge, that: 

2)   
 
 the information contained in RAI s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of RAI.    

EXECUTED  this 19 th  day of October, 2016.   

/s/ Susan M. Cameron  

Susan M. Cameron, President and 
 Chief Executive Officer of Reynolds American Inc.  

/s/ Andrew D. Gilchrist  

Andrew D. Gilchrist, Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer of Reynolds American Inc.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 rai-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rai-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rai-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rai-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rai-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rai-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

