<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1396878_0001144204-16-132027_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3271438</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127133</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>681715</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>574159</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1280921</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>538070</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>48</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132027.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107150101
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United States Gasoline Fund, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001396878
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				208837263
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33975
		FILM NUMBER:		161977773

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 522-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132027.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v450969_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

OR  

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from            to            .    

Commission File Number: 001-33975  

United States   Gasoline Fund, LP  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

Delaware   
       
       20-8837263    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       
       Identification No.)    

1999 Harrison Street, Suite 1530  

  Oakland, California 94612  

  (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip code)  

(510) 522-9600  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

N/A  

  (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.       x  
Yes          
  No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   
  x   Yes    
       No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
      x   

Non-accelerated filer  
            (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).        
   Yes     x  
    No  

The registrant had 2,550,000 outstanding shares as of November
2, 2016. 

UNITED STATES GASOLINE FUND, LP  

Page    
 
        Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements.   
      1   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
     14  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
     27  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
     28  

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  . 
     28  

Item 1A. Risk Factors .  
     29  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds .  
     29  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities .  
     29  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures .  
     29  

Item 5. Other Information .  
     29  

Item 6. Exhibits .  
     30  

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Condensed Financial Statements.  

Index to Condensed Financial Statements  

United States Gasoline Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Financial Condition   

   At September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Gasoline Fund, LP   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments (Unaudited)   
  At September 30, 2016   

* Collateral amounted to $9,992,983 on open futures contracts. 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Gasoline Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   

   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Gasoline Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statement of Changes in Partners' Capital (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Gasoline Fund, LP   

   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Gasoline Fund, LP  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  For the period ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS  

The United States Gasoline Fund, LP ( UGA )
was organized as a limited partnership under the laws of the state of Delaware on April 13, 2007. UGA is a commodity pool
that issues limited partnership shares ( shares ) that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the  NYSE
Arca ). Prior to November 25, 2008, UGA s shares traded on the American Stock Exchange (the  AMEX ).
UGA will continue in perpetuity, unless terminated sooner upon the occurrence of one or more events as described in its Second
Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership dated as of March 1, 2013 (the  LP Agreement ). The investment
objective of UGA is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share net asset value ( NAV )
to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the spot price of gasoline (also known as reformulated gasoline blendstock
for oxygen blending, or  RBOB , for delivery to the New York harbor), as measured by the daily changes in the price
of the futures contract for gasoline traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ) that is the near month
contract to expire, except when the near month contract is within two weeks of expiration, in which case the futures contract will
be the next month contract to expire (the  Benchmark Futures Contract ), less UGA s expenses. It is not the intent
of UGA to be operated in a fashion such that the per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of gasoline or any particular
futures contract based on gasoline. It is not the intent of UGA to be operated in a fashion such that its per share NAV will reflect
the percentage change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over a time period greater than one day. United
States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ), the general partner of UGA, believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio
to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Futures Contracts (as defined below) and Other Gasoline-Related Investments
(as defined below). UGA accomplishes its objective through investments in futures contracts for gasoline, crude oil, natural gas,
diesel-heating oil and other petroleum-based fuels that are traded on the NYMEX, ICE Futures or other U.S. and foreign exchanges
(collectively,  Futures Contracts ) and other gasoline-related investments such as cash-settled options on Futures
Contracts, forward contracts for gasoline, cleared swap contracts and over-the-counter ( OTC ) transactions that are
based on the price of gasoline, crude oil and other petroleum-based fuels, Futures Contracts and indices based on the foregoing
(collectively,  Other Gasoline-Related Investments ). As of September 30, 2016, UGA held 1,128 Futures Contracts for
gasoline traded on the NYMEX and did not hold any Futures Contracts traded on the ICE Futures. 

UGA commenced investment operations on February 26,
2008 and has a fiscal year ending on December 31. USCF is responsible for the management of UGA. USCF is a member of the National
Futures Association (the  NFA ) and became registered as a commodity pool operator with the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission (the  CFTC ) effective December 1, 2005 and a swaps firm on August 8, 2013. USCF is also the general
partner of the United States Oil Fund, LP ( USO ), the United States Natural Gas Fund, LP ( UNG ), the
United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP ( USL ) and the United States Diesel-Heating Oil Fund, LP ( UHN ),
which listed their limited partnership shares on the AMEX under the ticker symbols  USO  on April 10, 2006,  UNG 
on April 18, 2007,  USL  on December 6, 2007 and  UHN  on April 9, 2008, respectively. As
a result of the acquisition of the AMEX by NYSE Euronext, each of USO s, UNG s, USL s and UHN s shares
commenced trading on the NYSE Arca on November 25, 2008. USCF is also the general partner of the United States Short Oil Fund,
LP ( DNO ), the United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP ( UNL ) and the United States Brent Oil Fund,
LP ( BNO ), which listed their limited partnership shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbols  DNO 
on September 24, 2009,  UNL  on November 18, 2009 and  BNO  on June 2, 2010, respectively.
USCF is also the sponsor of the United States Commodity Index Fund ( USCI ), the United States Copper Index Fund ( CPER ),
the United States Agriculture Index Fund ( USAG ) and the USCF Canadian Crude Oil Index Fund ( UCCO ),
each a series of the United States Commodity Index Funds Trust. USCI, CPER and USAG listed their shares on the NYSE Arca under
the ticker symbol  USCI  on August 10, 2010,  CPER  on November 15, 2011 and  USAG 
on April 13, 2012, respectively. UCCO is currently in registration. 

All funds listed previously, other than UCCO,
are referred to collectively herein as the  Related Public Funds.  

UGA issues shares to certain authorized purchasers
( Authorized Participants ) by offering baskets consisting of 50,000 shares ( Creation Baskets ) through
ALPS Distributors, Inc., as the marketing agent (the  Marketing Agent ). The purchase price for a Creation Basket is
based upon the NAV of a share calculated shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order
to create the basket is properly received. 

The applicable transaction fee paid by Authorized
Participants to UGA is $350 for each order they place to create or redeem one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more
baskets ( Redemption Baskets ). Shares may be purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange in smaller
increments than a Creation Basket or Redemption Basket. Shares purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange
are not purchased or sold at the per share NAV of UGA but rather at market prices quoted on such exchange. 

In November 2007, UGA initially registered
30,000,000 shares on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). On February 26, 2008,
UGA listed its shares on the AMEX under the ticker symbol  UGA  and switched to trading on the NYSE Arca under the
same ticker symbol on November 25, 2008. On that day, UGA established its  initial per share NAV by setting the price at
$50.00 and issued 300,000 shares in exchange for $15,000,000. UGA also commenced investment operations on February 26, 2008
by purchasing Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX based on gasoline. As of September 30, 2016, UGA had registered a total of
80,000,000 shares. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and, therefore, do not include
all information and footnote disclosure required under generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United
States of America. The financial information included herein is unaudited; however, such financial information reflects all adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of USCF, necessary for the fair presentation of the
condensed financial statements for the interim period. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with GAAP as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification. UGA is an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in FASB Topic 946. 

Revenue Recognition  

Commodity futures contracts, forward contracts,
physical commodities and related options are recorded on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost
basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are reflected in the condensed statements of financial
condition and represent the difference between the original contract amount and the market value (as determined by exchange settlement
prices for futures contracts and related options and cash dealer prices at a predetermined time for forward contracts, physical
commodities, and their related options) as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the condensed financial
statements. Changes in the unrealized gains or losses between periods are reflected in the condensed statements of operations.
UGA earns income on funds held at the custodian or futures commission merchant ( FCM ) at prevailing market rates earned
on such investments. 

Brokerage Commissions  

Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes  

UGA is not subject to federal income taxes;
each partner reports his/her allocable share of income, gain, loss deductions or credits on his/her own income tax return. 

In accordance with GAAP, UGA is required to
determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including
resolution of any tax related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. UGA files an income
tax return in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states. UGA is not subject to income
tax return examinations by major taxing authorities for years before 2012. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest
amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition of
a tax benefit previously recognized results in UGA recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. However, UGA s conclusions
regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, on-going
analysis of and changes to tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. UGA recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized
tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed. No interest expense or
penalties have been recognized as of and for the period ended September 30, 2016. 

Creations and Redemptions  

Authorized Participants may purchase Creation
Baskets or redeem Redemption Baskets only in blocks of 50,000 shares at a price equal to the NAV of the shares calculated shortly
after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order is placed. 

UGA receives or pays the proceeds from shares
sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from Authorized
Participants are reflected in UGA s condensed statements of financial condition as receivable for shares sold, and amounts
payable to Authorized Participants upon redemption are reflected as payable for shares redeemed. 

Authorized Participants pay UGA a transaction
fee of $350 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. 

Partnership Capital and Allocation of Partnership
Income and Losses  

Profit or loss shall be allocated among the
partners of UGA in proportion to the number of shares each partner holds as of the close of each month. USCF may revise, alter
or otherwise modify this method of allocation as described in the LP Agreement.  

Calculation of Per Share Net Asset Value
( NAV )  

UGA s per share NAV is calculated on
each NYSE Arca trading day by taking the current market value of its total assets, subtracting any liabilities and dividing that
amount by the total number of shares outstanding. UGA uses the closing price for the contracts on the relevant exchange on that
day to determine the value of contracts held on such exchange. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share  

Net income (loss) per share is the difference
between the per share NAV at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average number of shares
outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average share. The weighted average shares are
equal to the number of shares outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for shares added and redeemed based
on the amount of time the shares were outstanding during such period. There were no shares held by USCF at September 30, 2016. 

Offering Costs  

Offering costs incurred in connection with
the registration of additional shares after the initial registration of shares are borne by UGA. These costs include registration
fees paid to regulatory agencies and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated with such offerings. These costs
are accounted for as a deferred charge and thereafter amortized to expense over twelve months on a straight-line basis or a shorter
period if warranted. 

Cash Equivalents  

Cash equivalents include money market funds
and overnight deposits or time deposits with original maturity dates of six months or less. 

Reclassification  

Certain amounts in the accompanying condensed
financial statements were reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of condensed financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires USCF to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and the reported amounts
of the revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. 

NOTE 3   FEES PAID BY THE FUND AND
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

USCF Management Fee  

Under the LP Agreement, USCF is responsible
for investing the assets of UGA in accordance with the objectives and policies of UGA. In addition, USCF has arranged for one or
more third parties to provide administrative, custody, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to UGA. For these
services, UGA is contractually obligated to pay USCF a fee, which is paid monthly, equal to 0.60% per annum of average daily total
net assets. 

Ongoing Registration Fees and Other Offering
Expenses  

UGA pays all costs and expenses associated
with the ongoing registration of its shares subsequent to the initial offering. These costs include registration or other fees
paid to regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses
associated with such offer and sale. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, UGA incurred $34,872 and $34,745, respectively,
in registration fees and other offering expenses. 

Independent Directors  and Officers 
Expenses  

UGA is responsible for paying its portion of
the directors  and officers  liability insurance for UGA and the Related Public Funds and the fees and expenses of
the independent directors who also serve as audit committee members of UGA and the Related Public Funds. UGA shares the fees and
expenses on a pro rata basis with each Related Public Fund, as described above, based on the relative assets of each Related Public
Fund computed on a daily basis. These fees and expenses for the year ending December 31, 2016 are estimated to be a total
of $9,600 for UGA and, in the aggregate for UGA and the Related Public Funds, $554,800. 

Licensing Fees  

As discussed in Note 4 below, UGA entered into
a licensing agreement with the NYMEX on April 10, 2006, as amended on October 20, 2011. Pursuant to the agreement, UGA and the
Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG, pay a licensing fee that is equal to 0.015% on all net assets. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, UGA incurred $8,508 and $9,606, respectively, under this arrangement. 

Investor Tax Reporting Cost  

The fees and expenses associated with UGA s
audit expenses and tax accounting and reporting requirements are paid by UGA. These costs are estimated to be $178,000 for the
year ending December 31, 2016. 

Other Expenses and Fees and Expense Waivers  

In addition to the fees described above, UGA
pays all brokerage fees and other expenses in connection with the operation of UGA, excluding costs and expenses paid by USCF
as outlined in Note 4 below. USCF paid certain expenses typically borne by UGA, on a discretionary basis where expenses exceeded
0.15% (15 basis points) of UGA s NAV, on an annualized basis. USCF has no obligation to continue such payments into subsequent
periods. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USCF waived $200,081 of UGA s expenses. This voluntary expense waiver
is in addition to those amounts USCF is contractually obligated to pay as described in  Note 4   Contracts and Agreements
below . 

NOTE 4   CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS  

Marketing Agent Agreement  

UGA is party to a marketing agent agreement,
dated as of February 15, 2008, as amended from time to time, with the Marketing Agent and USCF, whereby the Marketing Agent
provides certain marketing services for UGA as outlined in the agreement. The fee of the Marketing Agent, which is borne by USCF,
is equal to 0.06% on UGA s assets up to $3 billion; and 0.04% on UGA s assets in excess of $3 billion. In no event
may the aggregate compensation paid to the Marketing Agent and any affiliate of USCF for distribution-related services exceed 10%
of the gross proceeds of UGA s offering. 

The above fee does not include website construction
and development, which are also borne by USCF. 

Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. Agreements  

UGA is also party to a custodian agreement,
dated January 16, 2008, as amended from time to time, with Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. ( BBH Co. )
and USCF, whereby BBH Co. holds investments on behalf of UGA. USCF pays the fees of the custodian, which are determined by
the parties from time to time. In addition, UGA is party to an administrative agency agreement, dated February 7, 2008, as
amended from time to time, with USCF and BBH Co., whereby BBH Co. acts as the administrative agent, transfer agent and
registrar for UGA. USCF also pays the fees of BBH Co. for its services under such agreement and such fees are determined by
the parties from time to time. 

Currently, USCF pays BBH Co. for its services,
in the foregoing capacities, a minimum amount of $75,000 annually for its custody, fund accounting and fund administration services
rendered to UGA and each of the Related Public Funds, as well as a $20,000 annual fee for its transfer agency services. In addition,
USCF pays BBH Co. an asset-based charge of (a) 0.06% for the first $500 million of the Related Public Funds  combined
net assets, (b) 0.0465% for the Related Public Funds  combined net assets greater than $500 million but less than $1
billion, and (c) 0.035% once the Related Public Funds  combined net assets exceed $1 billion. The annual minimum amount
will not apply if the asset-based charge for all accounts in the aggregate exceeds $75,000. USCF also pays BBH Co. transaction
fees ranging from $7 to $15 per transaction. 

Brokerage and Futures Commission Merchant
Agreements  

On October 8, 2013, UGA entered into a brokerage
agreement with RBC Capital Markets, LLC ( RBC Capital  or  RBC ) to serve as UGA s FCM effective
October 10, 2013. The agreement with RBC requires it to provide services to UGA in connection with the purchase and sale of Futures
Contracts and Other Gasoline-Related Investments that may be purchased and sold by or through RBC Capital for UGA s account.
In accordance with the agreement, RBC Capital charges UGA commissions of approximately $7 to $8 per round-turn trade, including
applicable exchange and NFA fees for Futures Contracts and options on Futures Contracts. Such fees include those incurred when
purchasing Futures Contracts and options on Futures Contracts when UGA issues shares as a result of a Creation Basket, as well
as fees incurred when selling Futures Contracts and options on Futures Contracts when UGA redeems shares as a result of a Redemption
Basket. Such fees are also incurred when Futures Contracts and options on Futures Contracts are purchased or redeemed for the purpose
of rebalancing the portfolio. UGA also incurs commissions to brokers for the purchase and sale of Futures Contracts, Other Gasoline-Related
Investments or short-term obligations of the United States of two years or less ( Treasuries ). 

The increase in the total commissions accrued
to brokers for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was a result of
a lower average price for gasoline futures contracts which required UGA to hold and trade a greater number of benchmark futures
contracts. 

NYMEX Licensing Agreement  

UGA and the NYMEX entered into a licensing
agreement on April 10, 2006, as amended on October 20, 2011, whereby UGA was granted a non-exclusive license to use certain
of the NYMEX s settlement prices and service marks. Under the licensing agreement, UGA and the Related Public Funds, other
than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG, pay the NYMEX an asset-based fee for the license, the terms of which are described in Note 3. UGA
expressly disclaims any association with the NYMEX or endorsement of UGA by the NYMEX and acknowledges that  NYMEX 
and  New York Mercantile Exchange  are registered trademarks of the NYMEX. 

NOTE 5   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, OFF-BALANCE
SHEET RISKS AND CONTINGENCIES  

UGA engages in the trading of futures contracts,
options on futures contracts and cleared swaps (collectively,  derivatives ). UGA is exposed to both market risk, which
is the risk arising from changes in the market value of the contracts, and credit risk, which is the risk of failure by another
party to perform according to the terms of a contract. 

UGA may enter into futures contracts, options
on futures contracts and swaps to gain exposure to changes in the value of an underlying commodity. A futures contract obligates
the seller to deliver (and the purchaser to accept) the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a commodity at a specified
time and place. Some futures contracts may call for physical delivery of the asset, while others are settled in cash. The contractual
obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying commodity or
by making an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the designated
date of delivery. Cleared swaps are agreements that are eligible to be cleared by a clearinghouse, e.g., ICE Clear Europe, and
provide the efficiencies and benefits that centralized clearing on an exchange offers to traders of futures contracts, including
credit risk intermediation and the ability to offset positions initiated with different counterparties. 

The purchase and sale of futures contracts,
options on futures contracts and cleared swaps require margin deposits with an FCM. Additional deposits may be necessary for any
loss on contract value. The Commodity Exchange Act requires an FCM to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM s
proprietary activities. 

Futures contracts, options on futures contracts
and cleared swaps involve, to varying degrees, elements of market risk (specifically commodity price risk) and exposure to loss
in excess of the amount of variation margin. The face or contract amounts reflect the extent of the total exposure UGA has in the
particular classes of instruments. Additional risks associated with the use of futures contracts are an imperfect correlation between
movements in the price of the futures contracts and the market value of the underlying securities and the possibility of an illiquid
market for a futures contract. Buying and selling options on futures contracts exposes investors to the risks of purchasing or
selling futures contracts. 

All of the futures contracts held by UGA through
September 30, 2016 were exchange-traded. The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are generally perceived to be less
than those associated with OTC swaps since, in OTC swaps, a party must rely solely on the credit of its respective individual counterparties.
However, in the future, if UGA were to enter into non-exchange traded contracts, it would be subject to the credit risk associated
with counterparty non-performance. The credit risk from counterparty non-performance associated with such instruments is the net
unrealized gain, if any, on the transaction. UGA has credit risk under its futures contracts since the sole counterparty to all
domestic and foreign futures contracts is the clearinghouse for the exchange on which the relevant contracts are traded. In addition,
UGA bears the risk of financial failure by the clearing broker. 

UGA s cash and other property, such as
Treasuries, deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds, subject to the FCM s segregation
requirements. In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to a pro rata share of segregated funds available.
It is possible that the recovered amount could be less than the total of cash and other property deposited. The insolvency of an
FCM could result in the complete loss of UGA s assets posted with that FCM; however, the majority of UGA s assets are
held in investments in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents with UGA s custodian and would not be impacted by the insolvency
of an FCM. The failure or insolvency of UGA s custodian, however, could result in a substantial loss of UGA s assets. 

USCF invests a portion of UGA s cash
in money market funds that seek to maintain a stable per share NAV. UGA is exposed to any risk of loss associated with an investment
in such money market funds. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, UGA held investments in money market funds in the amounts
of $13,000,000 and $22,000,000, respectively. UGA also holds cash deposits with its custodian. Pursuant to a written agreement
with BBH Co., uninvested overnight cash balances are swept to offshore branches of U.S. regulated and domiciled banks located
in Toronto, Canada; London, United Kingdom; Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands; and Nassau, Bahamas; which are subject to U.S. regulation
and regulatory oversight. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, UGA held cash deposits and investments in Treasuries
in the amounts of $53,543,793 and $53,519,309, respectively, with the custodian and FCM. Some or all of these amounts may be subject
to loss should UGA s custodian and/or FCM cease operations. 

For derivatives, risks arise from changes in
the market value of the contracts. Theoretically, UGA is exposed to market risk equal to the value of futures contracts purchased
and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. As both a buyer and a seller of options, UGA pays or receives a premium at
the outset and then bears the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. 

UGA s policy is to continuously monitor
its exposure to market and counterparty risk through the use of a variety of financial, position and credit exposure reporting
controls and procedures. In addition, UGA has a policy of requiring review of the credit standing of each broker or counterparty
with which it conducts business. 

The financial instruments held by UGA are reported
in its condensed statements of financial condition at market or fair value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value,
because of their highly liquid nature and short-term maturity. 

NOTE 6   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  

The following table presents per share performance
data and other supplemental financial data for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the shareholders. This information
has been derived from information presented in the condensed financial statements. 

* Annualized. 

Total returns are calculated based on the change
in value during the period. An individual shareholder s total return and ratio may vary from the above total returns and
ratios based on the timing of contributions to and withdrawals from UGA. 

NOTE 7   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

UGA values its investments in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines
fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures
about fair value measurement. The changes to past practice resulting from the application of ASC 820 relate to the definition of
fair value, the methods used to measure fair value, and the expanded disclosures about fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes
a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between: (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained
from sources independent of UGA (observable inputs) and (2) UGA s own assumptions about market participant assumptions
developed based on the best information available under the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The three levels defined by the
ASC 820 hierarchy are as follows: 

Level I   Quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level II   Inputs other than quoted
prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level II assets
include the following: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability,
and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market-corroborated
inputs). 

Level III   Unobservable pricing input
at the measurement date for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs shall be used to measure fair value to the extent that
observable inputs are not available. 

In some instances, the inputs used to measure
fair value might fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the
fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest input level that is significant to the fair
value measurement in its entirety. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of UGA s securities at September 30, 2016 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, there were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of UGA s securities at December 31, 2015 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, there were no transfers
between Level I and Level II. 

Effective January 1, 2009, UGA adopted
the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification 815   Derivatives and Hedging, which require presentation of qualitative
disclosures about objectives and strategies for using derivatives, quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts and gains
and losses on derivatives. 

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments  

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Condensed Statements
of Operations  

For the nine months ended  September 30, 2016       
     For the nine months ended  September 30, 2015     
 
     Derivatives not  Accounted for  as Hedging  Instruments    
     Location of  Gain (Loss)  on Derivatives  Recognized  in Income    
     Realized  Gain (Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in  Income       
     Change in  Unrealized  Gain (Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in  Income       
     Realized  Gain (Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in  Income       
     Change in  Unrealized  Gain (Loss) on  Derivatives  Recognized in  Income     
 
     Futures   Commodity Contracts    
     Realized gain (loss) on closed contracts    
     $  (5,656,381  )    
                
     $  (6,070,541  )    

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open contracts    
                
     $  3,224,934       
                
     $  2,686,857     

NOTE 8   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

UGA has performed an evaluation of subsequent
events through the date the condensed financial statements were issued. This evaluation did not result in any subsequent events
that necessitated disclosures and/or adjustments. 

Item 2.   Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion should be read in
conjunction with the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto of the United States Gasoline Fund, LP ( UGA )
included elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Forward-Looking Information  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including
this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains forward-looking
statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. This information may involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause UGA s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements, which involve assumptions and describe UGA s future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable
by use of the words  may,   will,   should,   expect,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   believe,   intend  or  project,  the negative of these words, other
variations on these words or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that may be incorrect,
and UGA cannot assure investors that the projections included in these forward-looking statements will come to pass. UGA s
actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements as a result of various
factors. 

UGA has based the forward-looking statements
included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to it on the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
and UGA assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although UGA undertakes no obligation to revise or
update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, investors are advised
to consult any additional disclosures that UGA may make directly to them or through reports that UGA in the future files with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Introduction  

UGA, a Delaware limited partnership, is a commodity
pool that issues shares that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the  NYSE Arca ). The investment objective
of UGA is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share net asset value ( NAV ) to reflect
the daily changes in percentage terms, of the spot price of gasoline, as measured by the daily changes in the price of a specified
short-term futures contract on unleaded gasoline (also known as reformulated gasoline blendstock for oxygen blending, or  RBOB ,
for delivery to the New York harbor), traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ) that is the near month
contract to expire, except when the near month contract is within two weeks of expiration, in which case it will be measured by
the futures contract that is the next month contract to expire (the  Benchmark Futures Contract ), plus interest earned
on UGA s collateral holdings, less UGA s expenses.  Near month contract  means the next contract traded
on the NYMEX due to expire.  Next month contract  means the first contract traded on the NYMEX due to expire after
the near month contract. 

UGA s investment objective is  not 
for its NAV or market price of shares to equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of gasoline or any particular futures contract
based on gasoline,  nor  is UGA s investment objective for the percentage change in its NAV to reflect the percentage
change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over a time period greater than one day. The general partner
of UGA, United States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ), believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve
such an investment goal when investing in Futures Contracts (as defined below) and Other Gasoline-Related Investments (as defined
below). 

UGA invests primarily in futures contracts
for gasoline, crude oil, natural gas, heating oil and other petroleum-based fuels that are traded on the NYMEX, ICE Futures or
other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively,  Futures Contracts ) and to a lesser extent, in order to comply with
regulatory requirements or in view of market conditions, other gasoline-related investments such as cash-settled options on Futures
Contracts, forward contracts for gasoline, cleared swap contracts and over-the-counter ( OTC ) swaps that are based
on the price of gasoline, crude oil and other petroleum-based fuels, Futures Contracts and indices based on the foregoing (collectively,
 Other Gasoline-Related Investments ). For convenience and unless otherwise specified, Futures Contracts and Other
Gasoline-Related Investments collectively are referred to as  Gasoline Interests  in this quarterly report on Form
10-Q. 

USCF believes that market arbitrage opportunities
will cause daily changes in UGA s share price on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis to closely track daily changes in UGA s
per share NAV on a percentage basis. USCF further believes that daily changes in prices of the Benchmark Futures Contract have
historically closely tracked the daily changes in spot prices of gasoline. USCF believes that the net effect of these relationships
will be that the daily changes in the price of UGA s shares on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis will closely track, the
daily changes in the spot price of gasoline on a percentage basis, plus interest earned on UGA s collateral holdings, less
UGA s expenses. 

UGA seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing so that the average daily percentage change in UGA s NAV for any period of 30 successive valuation days will
be within plus/minus ten percent (10%) of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract
over the same period. 

Regulatory Disclosure  

Accountability Levels, Position Limits and
Price Fluctuation Limits . Designated contract markets, such as the NYMEX and ICE Futures, have established accountability
levels and position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests that any person or group
of persons under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which an investment by UGA is not) may hold, own or control. These
levels and position limits apply to the futures contracts that UGA invests in to meet its investment objective. In addition to
accountability levels and position limits, the NYMEX and ICE Futures also set daily price fluctuation limits on futures contracts.
The daily price fluctuation limit establishes the maximum amount that the price of a futures contract may vary either up or down
from the previous day s settlement price. Once the daily price fluctuation limit has been reached in a particular futures
contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond that limit. 

The accountability levels for the Benchmark
Futures Contract and other Futures Contracts traded on U.S.-based futures exchanges, such as the NYMEX are not a fixed ceiling,
but rather a threshold above which the NYMEX may exercise greater scrutiny and control over an investor s positions. The
current accountability level for investments for any one month in the Benchmark Futures Contract is 5,000 contracts. In addition,
the NYMEX imposes an accountability level for all months of 7,000 net futures contracts for investments in futures contracts for
gasoline. In addition, the ICE Futures maintains accountability levels, position limits and monitoring authority for its unleaded
gasoline futures contracts. If UGA and the Related Public Funds (as defined below) exceed these accountability levels for investments
in the futures contract for gasoline, the NYMEX and ICE Futures will monitor UGA s and the Related Public Funds  exposure
and may ask for further information on their activities including the total size of all positions, investment and trading strategy,
and the extent of liquidity resources of UGA and the Related Public Funds. If deemed necessary by the NYMEX and/or ICE Futures,
UGA could be ordered to reduce its aggregate net position back to the accountability level. As of September 30, 2016, UGA held
1,128 futures contracts for gasoline traded on the NYMEX. As of September 30, 2016, UGA did not hold any Futures Contracts traded
on ICE Futures. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, UGA did not exceed accountability levels on the NYMEX or ICE Futures. 

Position limits differ from accountability
levels in that they represent fixed limits on the maximum number of futures contracts that any person may hold and cannot allow
such limits to be exceeded without express CFTC authority to do so. In addition to accountability levels and position limits that
may apply at any time, the NYMEX and ICE Futures impose position limits on contracts held in the last few days of trading in the
near month contract to expire. It is unlikely that UGA will run up against such position limits because UGA s investment
strategy is to close out its positions and  roll  from the near month contract to expire to the next month contract
beginning two weeks from expiration of the contract. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, UGA did not exceed any position
limits imposed by the NYMEX and ICE Futures. 

The regulation of commodity interest trading
in the United States and other countries is an evolving area of the law. The various statements made in this summary are subject
to modification by legislative action and changes in the rules and regulations of the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
( FINRA ), CFTC, the National Futures Association (the  NFA ), the futures exchanges, clearing organizations
and other regulatory bodies. 

Futures Contracts and Position Limits   

The CFTC is generally prohibited by statute
from regulating trading on non-U.S. futures exchanges and markets. The CFTC, however, has adopted regulations relating to the marketing
of non-U.S. futures contracts in the United States. These regulations permit certain contracts on non-U.S. exchanges to be offered
and sold in the United States. 

The CFTC has proposed to adopt limits on speculative
positions in 28 physical commodity futures and option contracts and swaps that are economically equivalent to such contracts in
the agriculture, energy and metals markets and rules addressing the circumstances under which market participants would be required
to aggregate their positions with other persons under common ownership or control (the  Position Limit Rules ). The
Position Limit Rules would, among other things: identify which contracts are subject to speculative position limits; set thresholds
that restrict the number of speculative positions that a person may hold in a spot month, individual month, and all months combined;
create an exemption for positions that constitute bona fide hedging transactions; impose responsibilities on designated contract
markets ( DCMs ) and swap execution facilities ( SEFs ) to establish position limits or, in some cases,
position accountability rules; and apply to both futures and swaps across four relevant venues: OTC, DCMs, SEFs as well as non-U.S.
located platforms. The CFTC s first attempt at finalizing the Position Limit Rules, in 2011, was successfully challenged
by market participants in 2012 and, since then, the CFTC has re-proposed them and solicited comments from market participants multiple
times. 

Until such time as the Position Limit Rules
are adopted, the regulatory architecture in effect prior to the adoption of the Position Limit Rules will govern transactions in
commodities and related derivatives (collectively,  Referenced Contracts ). Under that system, the CFTC enforces federal
limits on speculation in agricultural products (e.g., corn, wheat and soy), while futures exchanges enforce position limits and
accountability levels for agricultural and certain energy products (e.g., oil and natural gas). As a result, UGA may be limited
with respect to the size of its investments in any commodities subject to these limits. Finally, subject to certain narrow exceptions,
the Position Limit Rules require the aggregation, for purposes of the position limits, of all positions in the 28 Referenced Contracts
held by a single entity and its affiliates, regardless of whether such position existed on U.S. futures exchanges, non-U.S. futures
exchanges, in cleared swaps or in OTC swaps. Under the CFTC s existing position limits requirements and the Position Limit
Rules, a market participant is generally required to aggregate all positions for which that participant controls the trading decisions
with all positions for which that participant has a 10 percent or greater ownership interest in an account or position, as well
as the positions of two or more persons acting pursuant to an express or implied agreement or understanding. At this time, it is
unclear how the Position Limit Rules affect UGA, but the effect may be substantial and adverse. By way of example, the Position
Limit Rules may negatively impact the ability of UGA to meet its investment objectives through limits that may inhibit USCF s
ability to sell additional Creation Baskets of UGA. 

Swap  Transactions   

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) imposes regulatory requirements on certain  swap  transactions that
UGA is authorized to engage in that may ultimately impact the ability of UGA to meet its investment objective. The term  swap 
is broadly defined to include various types of OTC derivatives, including swaps and options. 

CFTC regulations require that certain transactions
ultimately falling within the definition of  swap  be executed on organized exchanges or  swap execution facilities 
and cleared through regulated clearing organizations ( CCPs ).  Clearing  refers to the process by which
a trade that is bilaterally executed by two parties is submitted to a CCP, via an FCM, and replaced by two mirror swaps, with the
CCP becoming the counterparty to both of the initial parties to the swap. CCPs have several layers of protection against default
including margin, member capital contributions and FCM guarantees of their customers  transactions with the CCP. FCMs also
pre-qualify the counterparties to all swaps that are sent to the CCP from a credit perspective, setting limits for each counterparty
and collecting initial and variation margin daily from each counterparty for changes in the value of cleared swaps. The margin
collected from both parties to the swap protects against credit risk in the event a counterparty defaults. The initial and variation
margin requirements are set by and held for the benefit of the CCP. Additional initial margin may be required and held by the FCM. 

Current rules and regulations require enhanced
customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards, customer disclosures
and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater assurances to market participants that
customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate notice of the risks of futures
trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing risks in a robust manner, the
capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations and the auditing and examination programs
of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough manner. 

Certain index-based credit default swaps and
interest rate swaps are subject to mandatory clearing. If UGA enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate swaps
that are subject to mandatory clearing, UGA will be required to centrally clear those swaps. 

To the extent that a swap is required to be
cleared, it must also be executed on a SEF or DCM if it is designated as  made available to trade  by a SEF or DCM.
 Made available to trade  refers to the regulatory process by which the SEF or DCM execution requirement is implemented
by the CFTC. To date, only certain of the index-based credit default swaps and interest rate swaps that are required to be cleared
are made available to trade on a SEF. If UGA enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate swaps that are subject
to mandatory clearing, UGA will be required to execute those swaps on a SEF if they are designated as made available to trade.
In order to execute swaps on a SEF, UGA will have to be a member of a SEF or it may access the SEF through an intermediary. Members
of a SEF are subject to additional requirements under CFTC regulations and are subject to the rules and jurisdiction of the relevant
SEF. 

Swaps that are not required to be cleared and
executed on a SEF but that are executed bilaterally are also subject to various requirements pursuant to CFTC regulations, including,
among others, reporting and recordkeeping requirements and, depending on the status of the counterparties, trading documentation
requirements and dispute resolution requirements. In addition, U.S. regulators have adopted rules to impose initial and variation
margin requirements that will apply to swap dealers and major swap participants and their counterparties. If UGA engages in non-cleared
swap transactions it will be subject to some or all of the requirements of the margin rules, which include a requirement that swap
dealers and major swap participants collect variation margin, beginning in March 2017, and potentially initial margin, beginning
in September 2020. 

In addition to the rules and regulations imposed
under the Dodd-Frank Act, swap dealers that are European banks may also be subject to European Market Infrastructure Regulation
( EMIR ). EMIR imposes requirements on non-cleared derivatives that are similar to those imposed by the CFTC and other
regulators in the United States and which are described above. UGA may be indirectly impacted by EMIR to the extent that it engages
in derivatives transactions with entities that are subject to EMIR. Other non-U.S. jurisdictions also impose obligations with respect
to OTC swaps that could impact UGA if it were to engage in OTC swaps with non-U.S. persons. 

On August 12, 2013, the CFTC issued final rules
establishing compliance obligations for commodity pool operators ( CPOs ) of investment companies registered under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ) that are required to register due to
recent changes to CFTC Regulation 4.5. The final rules were issued in a CFTC release entitled  Harmonization of Compliance
Obligations for Registered Investment Companies Required to Register as Commodity Pool Operators.  Although UGA is not a
registered investment company under the Investment Company Act, the Harmonization Rules amended certain CFTC disclosure rules to
make the requirements for all CPOs to periodically update their disclosure documents consistent with those of the SEC. This change
decreased the burden on UGA and USCF of having to comply with certain inconsistent regulatory requirements. 

Money Market Reform   

The SEC adopted Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act of 1940 on July 23, 2014, which goes effective on October 14, 2016, to reform money market funds ( MMFs ).
While the new rule applies only to MMFs, it may indirectly affect institutional investors such as UGA. The new rule requires institutional
prime MMFs to price their shares using market-based values instead of the amortized cost method (i.e., to use a  floating
net asset value per share  or  floating NAV ). Government and retail funds can continue to use the amortized
cost method to value their portfolio securities. Additionally, liquidity fees and gates allowing an MMF s board of directors
to directly address runs on a fund. MMFs  boards of directors are required to implement rules to discourage and prevent runs
by investors through the use of redemption fees and gates (temporary suspension of redemptions). The fees and gates could be imposed
on a fund whose portfolios fail to meet certain liquidity thresholds although they are optional for government MMFs. UGA currently
invests in government MMFs, as well as Treasuries with a maturity date of two years or less, as an investment for assets not used
for margin or collateral in the Futures Contracts. UGA does not hold any non-government MMFs and, currently, does not anticipate
investing in any non-government MMFs. The new rule further decreases the likelihood that UGA would invest in any non-governmental
MMFs. However, if UGA were to make investments in non-government MMFs in the future, such investments could negatively impact UGA
because of the changes to MMFs resulting from the new rule. 

Price Movements  

Gasoline futures prices were volatile during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The price of the Benchmark Futures Contract started the period at $1.271 per gallon.
Prices hit a peak on May 24, 2016, of $1.657 per gallon. The low for the period was on February 9, 2016 when the prices dropped
to $0.899 per gallon. The period ended with the Benchmark Futures Contract at $1.463 per gallon, up approximately 15.11% over the
period (investors are cautioned that these represent prices for gasoline on a wholesale basis and should not be directly compared
to retail prices at a gasoline service station). UGA s per share NAV began the period at $29.30 and ended the period at $27.73
on September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately (5.36)% over the period. UGA s per share NAV reached its high for the
period on January 4, 2016 at $29.75 and reached its low for the period on February 9, 2016 at $20.22. The Benchmark Futures Contract
prices listed above began with the February 2016 contracts and ended with the November 2016 contracts. The increase of approximately
15.11% on the Benchmark Futures Contract listed above is a hypothetical return only and could not actually be achieved by an investor
holding Futures Contracts. An investment in Futures Contracts would need to be rolled forward during the time period described
in order to simulate such a result. Furthermore, the change in the nominal price of these differing Futures Contracts, measured
from the start of the period to the end of the period, does not represent the actual benchmark results that UGA seeks to track,
which are more fully described below in the section titled   Tracking UGA s Benchmark.   

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the gasoline futures market exhibited states of both contango and backwardation. The gasoline futures market has exhibited
a pattern in which the contracts are primarily in a state of contango during the first quarter of the year and primarily in a state
of backwardation for the remainder of the year. In 2016, the period of contango lasted much longer than normal, albeit at a minimal
level, before flipping into backwardation at the end of July. During periods of contango, the price of the near month gasoline
Futures Contract is typically lower than the price of the next month gasoline Futures Contract, or contracts further away from
expiration. On days when the market is in backwardation, the price of the near month gasoline Futures Contract is typically higher
than the price of the next month gasoline Futures Contract, or contracts further away from expiration. For a discussion of the
impact of backwardation and contango on total returns, see   Term Structure of Gasoline Prices and the Impact on Total
Returns   below. 

Valuation of Futures Contracts and the Computation
of the Per Share NAV  

The per share NAV of UGA s shares is
calculated once each NYSE Arca trading day. The per share NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:00 p.m. New
York time. Trading during the core trading session on the NYSE Arca typically closes at 4:00 p.m. New York time. UGA s
administrator uses the NYMEX closing price (determined at the earlier of the close of the NYMEX or 2:30 p.m. New York time) for
the contracts held on the NYMEX, but calculates or determines the value of all other UGA investments, including ICE Futures contracts
or other futures contracts, as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE Arca or 4:00 p.m. New York time. 

Results of Operations and the Gasoline Market  

Results of Operations.  On February 26,
2008, UGA listed its shares on the American Stock Exchange (the  AMEX ) under the ticker symbol  UGA.  On
that day, UGA established its initial offering price at $50.00 per share and issued 300,000 shares to its initial Authorized Participant
in exchange for $15,000,000 in cash. As a result of the acquisition of the AMEX by NYSE Euronext, UGA s shares ceased
trading on the AMEX and commenced trading on the NYSE Arca on November 25, 2008. 

Since its initial offering of 30,000,000 shares,
UGA has registered one subsequent offering of its shares: 50,000,000 shares which were registered with the SEC on April 30,
2010. Shares offered by UGA in the subsequent offering were sold by it for cash at the shares  per share NAV as described
in the applicable prospectus. As of September 30, 2016, UGA had issued 12,800,000 shares, 2,500,000 of which were outstanding.
As of September 30, 2016, there were 67,200,000 shares registered but not yet issued. 

More shares may have been issued by UGA than
are outstanding due to the redemption of shares. Unlike funds that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended, shares that have been redeemed by UGA cannot be resold by UGA. As a result, UGA contemplates that additional offerings
of its shares will be registered with the SEC in the future in anticipation of additional issuances and redemptions. 

Over the past several years, redemptions for
shares in UGA have typically exceeded demand for the creation of new shares. The number of shares outstanding has trended
down as a result. Over the last three years, USCF has observed that the realized price volatility of UGA s NAV, which
reflects volatility in the prices of the underlying benchmark futures contract, has trended down in the last few years from prior
elevated levels reached in 2009. USCF believes that the decline in current and expected volatility reduces market participants 
perception of potential future price movements. Conversely, when gasoline price movements are more volatile, market participants
anticipate potential opportunities for greater future returns, which may result in greater demand for the creation of new shares. USCF
further believes that, in the absence of sudden and/or significant price movements, some market participants tend to change their
views slowly and with a somewhat backward- rather than forward-looking bias. Although gasoline prices have exhibited an upward
trend in recent years, past declines in gasoline prices may still be impacting investors  decisions, which may explain why
UGA s shares outstanding have trended down despite recent positive performance in UGA s NAV. 

As of September 30, 2016,
UGA had the following Authorized Participants: Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities
USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., JP Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley  
Company Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC and Virtu Financial BD
LLC. 

For the Nine Months ended September 30,
2016 Compared to the Nine Months ended September 30, 2015  

Portfolio Expenses.  UGA s expenses
consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that
UGA pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of UGA. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by UGA, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by UGA as a percentage of
average total net assets was higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

The increase in total fees and expenses excluding
management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was due to
an increase in professional fees and brokerage commissions. 

The increase in the total commissions accrued
to brokers by UGA for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was a result
of a lower average price for gasoline futures contracts which required UGA to hold and trade a greater number of benchmark futures
contracts. 

For the Three Months ended September 30,
2016 Compared to the Three Months ended September 30, 2015  

Portfolio Expenses.  UGA s expenses
consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that
UGA pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of UGA. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by UGA, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the three months ended September 30,
2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by UGA as a percentage of
average total net assets was higher during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

The increase in total fees and expenses excluding
management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, was due to
an increase in brokerage commissions. 

The slight increase in the total commissions
accrued to brokers by UGA for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015
was immaterial. 

Tracking UGA s Benchmark  

USCF seeks to manage UGA s portfolio
such that changes in its average daily per share NAV, on a percentage basis, closely track the daily changes in the average price
of the Benchmark Futures Contract, also on a percentage basis. Specifically, USCF seeks to manage the portfolio such that over
any rolling period of 30-valuation days, the average daily change in UGA s per share NAV is within a range of 90% to 110%
(0.9 to 1.1) of the average daily change in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. As an example, if the average daily movement
of the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract for a particular 30-valuation day time period was 0.5% per day, USCF would
attempt to manage the portfolio such that the average daily movement of the per share NAV during that same time period fell between
0.45% and 0.55% (i.e., between 0.9 and 1.1 of the benchmark s results). UGA s portfolio management goals do not include
trying to make the nominal price of UGA s per share NAV equal to the nominal price of the current Benchmark Futures Contract
or the spot price for gasoline. USCF believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal
when investing in gasoline Futures Contracts, other Gasoline-Related Investments. 

For the 30-valuation days ended September 30,
2016, the simple average daily change in the Benchmark Futures Contract was 0.312%, while the simple average daily change in the
per share NAV of UGA over the same time period was 0.310%. The average daily difference was (0.002)% (or (0.2) basis points, where
1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the Benchmark Futures Contract, the average error
in daily tracking by the per share NAV was 0.133%, meaning that over this time period UGA s tracking error was within the
plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. 

Since the commencement of the offering of UGA s
shares to the public on February 26, 2008 to September 30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the Benchmark Futures
Contract was 0.002% while the simple average daily change in the per share NAV of UGA over the same time period was (0.001)%. The
average daily difference was (0.003)% (or (0.3) basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of
the daily movement of the Benchmark Futures Contract, the average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was (0.881)%, meaning
that over this time period UGA s tracking error was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking
goal. The following two graphs demonstrate the correlation between the changes in UGA s NAV and the changes in the Benchmark
Futures Contract. The first graph exhibits the daily changes in the last 30 valuation days ended September 30, 2016. The second
graph measures monthly changes from September 30, 2011 through September 30, 2016. 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative tracking measurement of the
return performance of UGA versus the return of its Benchmark Futures Contract can be calculated by comparing the actual return
of UGA, measured by changes in its per share NAV, versus the  expected  changes in its per share NAV under the assumption
that UGA s returns had been exactly the same as the daily changes in its Benchmark Futures Contract. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the actual total return of UGA as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (5.36)%. This is based on an initial per share NAV of
$29.30 as of December 31, 2015 and ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2016 of $27.73. During this time period, UGA made
no distributions to its shareholders. However, if UGA s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead exactly tracked the
changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Futures Contract, UGA would have had an estimated per share NAV of $27.82 as
of September 30, 2016, for a total return over the relevant time period of (5.05)%. The difference between the actual per share
NAV total return of UGA of (5.36)% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark Futures Contract of (5.05)% was an error
over the time period of (0.31)%, which is to say that UGA s actual total return underperformed the benchmark result by that
percentage. UGA incurs expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures
contracts and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of UGA to track slightly
lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. 

By comparison, for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the actual total return of UGA as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (6.73)%. This was based on an initial
per share NAV of $33.90 as of December 31, 2014 and ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2015 of $31.62. During this
time period, UGA made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if UGA s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead
exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Futures Contract, UGA would have had an estimated per share
NAV of $31.79 as of September 30, 2015, for a total return over the relevant time period of (6.22)%. The difference between the
actual per share NAV total return of UGA of (6.73)% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark Futures Contract of (6.22)%
was an error over the time period of (0.51)%, which is to say that UGA s actual total return underperformed the benchmark
result by that percentage. UGA incurred expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying
and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tended to cause daily changes in the per share
NAV of UGA to track slightly lower than the daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. 

There are currently three factors that have
impacted or are most likely to impact UGA s ability to accurately track its Benchmark Futures Contract. 

First, UGA may buy or sell its holdings in
the then current Benchmark Futures Contract at a price other than the closing settlement price of that contract on the day during
which UGA executes the trade. In that case, UGA may pay a price that is higher, or lower, than that of the Benchmark Futures Contract,
which could cause the changes in the daily per share NAV of UGA to either be too high or too low relative to the daily changes
in the Benchmark Futures Contract. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USCF attempted to minimize the effect of these
transactions by seeking to execute its purchase or sale of the Benchmark Futures Contract at, or as close as possible to, the end
of the day settlement price. However, it may not always be possible for UGA to obtain the closing settlement price and there is
no assurance that failure to obtain the closing settlement price in the future will not adversely impact UGA s attempt to
track the Benchmark Futures Contract over time. 

Second, UGA incurs expenses primarily composed
of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of
these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of UGA to track slightly lower than the inverse of daily changes
in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. At the same time, UGA earns dividend and interest income on its cash, cash
equivalents and Treasuries. UGA is not required to distribute any portion of its income to its shareholders and did not make any
distributions to shareholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Interest payments, and any other income, were retained
within the portfolio and added to UGA s NAV. When this income exceeds the level of UGA s expenses for its management
fee, brokerage commissions and other expenses (including ongoing registration fees, licensing fees and the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF), UGA will realize a net yield that will tend to cause daily changes in the per share NAV
of UGA to track slightly higher than daily changes in the Benchmark Futures Contract. If short-term interest rates rise above the
current levels, the level of deviation created by the yield would decrease. Conversely, if short-term interest rates were to decline,
the amount of error created by the yield would increase. When short-term yields drop to a level lower than the combined expenses
of the management fee and the brokerage commissions, then the tracking error becomes a negative number and would tend to cause
the daily returns of the per share NAV to underperform the daily returns of the Benchmark Futures Contract. USCF anticipates that
interest rates will continue to remain at historical lows and, therefore, it is anticipated that fees and expenses paid by UGA
will continue to be higher than interest earned by UGA. As such, USCF anticipates that UGA will continue to underperform its benchmark
until such a time when interest earned at least equals or exceeds the fees and expenses paid by UGA. 

Third, UGA may hold Other Gasoline-Related
Investments in its portfolio that may fail to closely track the Benchmark Futures Contract s total return movements. In that
case, the error in tracking the Benchmark Futures Contract could result in daily changes in the per share NAV of UGA that are either
too high, or too low, relative to the daily changes in the Benchmark Futures Contract. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, UGA did not hold any Other Gasoline-Related Investments. If UGA increases in size, and due to its obligations to comply with
regulatory limits, UGA may invest in Other Gasoline-Related Investments which may have the effect of increasing transaction related
expenses and may result in increased tracking error. 

Term Structure of Gasoline Futures Prices
and the Impact on Total Returns.  Several factors determine the total return from investing in a futures contract position. One
factor that impacts the total return that will result from investing in near month futures contracts and  rolling 
those contracts forward each month is the price relationship between the current near month contract and the next month contract. For
example, if the price of the near month contract is higher than the next month contract (a situation referred to as  backwardation 
in the futures market), then absent any other change there is a tendency for the price of a next month contract to rise in value
as it becomes the near month contract and approaches expiration. Conversely, if the price of a near month contract is lower
than the next month contract (a situation referred to as  contango  in the futures market), then absent any other change
there is a tendency for the price of a next month contract to decline in value as it becomes the near month contract and approaches
expiration. 

As an example, assume that the price of gasoline
for immediate delivery (the  spot  price), was $2 per gallon, and the value of a position in the near month futures
contract was also $2. Over time, the price of a gallon of gasoline will fluctuate based on a number of market factors, including
demand for gasoline relative to its supply. The value of the near month contract will likewise fluctuate in reaction to a
number of market factors. If investors seek to maintain their position in a near month contract and not take delivery of the gasoline,
every month they must sell their current near month contract as it approaches expiration and invest in the next month contract. 

If the futures market is in backwardation,
 e.g. , when the expected price of gasoline in the future would be less, the investor would be buying a next month contract
for a lower price than the current near month contract. Using the $2 per gallon price above to represent the front month price,
the price of the next month contract could be $1.96 per barrel, that is, 2% cheaper than the front month contract. Hypothetically,
and assuming no other changes to either prevailing gasoline prices or the price relationship between the spot price, the near month
contract and the next month contract (and ignoring the impact of commission costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash equivalents),
the value of the $1.96 next month contract would rise as it approaches expiration and becomes the new near month contract with
a price of $2. In this example, the value of an investment in the second month contract would tend to rise faster than the spot
price of gasoline, or fall slower. As a result, it would be possible in this hypothetical example for the spot price of gasoline
to have risen 10% after some period of time, while the value of the investment in the second month futures contract would have
risen 12%, assuming backwardation is large enough or enough time has elapsed. Similarly, the spot price of gasoline could
have fallen 10% while the value of an investment in the futures contract could have fallen only 8%. Over time, if backwardation
remained constant, the difference would continue to increase. 

If the futures market is in contango, the investor
would be buying a next month contract for a higher price than the current near month contract. Using again the $2 per gallon
price above to represent the front month price, the price of the next month contract could be $2.04 per barrel, that is, 2% more
expensive than the front month contract. Hypothetically, and assuming no other changes to either prevailing gasoline prices or
the price relationship between the spot price, the near month contract and the next month contract (and ignoring the impact of
commission costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash equivalents), the value of the next month contract would fall as it
approaches expiration and becomes the new near month contract with a price of $2. In this example, it would mean that the
value of an investment in the second month would tend to rise slower than the spot price of gasoline, or fall faster. As a
result, it would be possible in this hypothetical example for the spot price of gasoline to have risen 10% after some period
of time, while the value of the investment in the second month futures contract will have risen only 8%, assuming contango is large
enough or enough time has elapsed. Similarly, the spot price of gasoline could have fallen 10% while the value of an investment
in the second month futures contract could have fallen 12%. Over time, if contango remained constant, the difference would
continue to increase. 

The chart below compares the price of the near
month contract to the price of the next month contract over the last 10 years for gasoline. When the price of the near month contract
is higher than the price of the next month contract, the market would be described as being in backwardation. When the price of
the near month contract is lower than the price of the next month contract, the market would be described as being in contango.
Although the prices of the near month contract and the price of the next month contract do tend to move up or down together, it
can be seen that at times the near month prices are clearly higher than the price of the next month contract (backwardation), and
other times they are below the price of the next month contract (contango). In addition, investors can observe that gasoline prices,
both near month and next month, often display a seasonal pattern in which the price of gasoline tends to rise in the summer months
and decline in the winter months. This mirrors the physical demand for gasoline, which typically peaks in the summer. 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative way to view backwardation and
contango data over time is to subtract the dollar price of the next month gasoline futures contract from the dollar price of the
near month gasoline futures contract. If the resulting number is a positive number, then the price of the near month contract is
higher than the price of the next month and the market could be described as being in backwardation. If the resulting number is
a negative number, then the near month price is lower than the price of the next month and the market could be described as being
in contango. The chart below shows the results from subtracting the next month contract price from the price of the near month
contract for the 10-year period between September 30, 2006 and September 30, 2016. Investors will note that the near month gasoline
futures contract spent time in both backwardation and contango. Investors will further note that the markets display a very
seasonal pattern that corresponds to the seasonal demand patterns for gasoline mentioned above. That is, in many, but not
all cases, the price of the near month is higher than the next month during the middle of the summer months as the price of gasoline
for delivery in those summer months rises to meet peak demand. At the same time, the price of the near month contract, when
that month is just before the onset of spring, does not rise as far or as fast as the price of a next month contract whose delivery
falls closer to the start of the summer season. 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

While the investment objective of UGA
is not to have the market price of its shares match, dollar for dollar, changes in the spot price of gasoline, contango impacted
the total return on an investment in UGA shares during the past year relative to a hypothetical direct investment in gasoline.
For example, an investment in UGA shares made on December 31, 2015 and held to September 30, 2016, decreased based upon the changes
in the NAV for UGA shares on those days, by approximately (5.36)%, while the spot price of gasoline for immediate delivery during
the same period increased by 15.11% (note: this comparison ignores the potential costs associated with physically owning and storing
gasoline, which could be substantial). By comparison, an investment in UGA shares made on December 31, 2014 and held to September
30, 2015, decreased based upon the changes in the NAV for UGA shares on those days, by approximately (6.73)%, while the spot price
of gasoline for immediate delivery during the same period decreased by (7.16)%, while the spot price of gasoline for immediate
delivery during the same period increased by 39.22% (note: the comparison ignores the potential costs associated with physically
owning and storing gasoline, which could be substantial). 

Periods of contango or backwardation do not
materially impact UGA s investment objective of having the daily percentage changes in its per share NAV track the daily
percentage changes in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract since the impact of backwardation and contango tend to equally
impact the daily percentage changes in price of both UGA s shares and the Benchmark Futures Contract. It is impossible
to predict with any degree of certainty whether backwardation or contango will occur in the future. It is likely that both conditions
will occur during different periods. 

Gasoline Market . During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the price of unleaded gasoline in the United States was impacted by several factors. In particular, USCF
believes that excess supply of crude oil, the input product for gasoline, resulted in declining prices for the first few weeks
of the year. Subsequently, hopes that supply was peaking and would start declining later in 2016 combined with forecasts for demand
growth led the price to rise until early June. Subsequently, prices have fallen somewhat and fluctuated in a tighter range than
the first half of the year as investors weigh declining inventories against various views regarding prospects for future supply
and demand growth. 

Crude Oil Market.  During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, crude oil prices were impacted by several factors. Crude oil inventories in the United States stood at
approximately 469 million barrels by the end of September, approximately 9% higher than the same week a year earlier. Storage increased
steadily during the first three quarters of 2016, peaking at 512 million barrels, by far the highest volume since the EIA began
reporting storage data in 1982. The new storage record was achieved early in the second quarter before declining on lower U.S.
production and production disruptions overseas. The final weekly production level reported by the Department of Energy in the third
quarter of 2016 was about 12% lower than the peak reached in June of 2015. United States crude oil prices finished the third quarter
of 2016 approximately 30.24% higher than at the beginning of the year. Prices firmed as supply disruptions abroad improved the
global supply and demand balance, as U.S. production declined, and as inventories began to fall from peak levels. Should supply
resume an upward trajectory or should the global economic situation decline there is a meaningful possibility that crude oil prices
could fall, while disruptions due to conflicts in the Middle East would likely have the opposite effect. 

USCF believes that over both the medium-term
and the long-term, changes in the price of crude oil will exert the greatest influence on the price of refined petroleum products
such as gasoline. At the same time, there can be other factors that, particularly in the short term, cause the price of gasoline
to rise (or fall), more (or less) than the price of crude oil. For example, higher gasoline prices cause American consumers
to reduce their gasoline consumption, particularly during the high demand period of the summer driving season and gasoline prices
are impacted by the availability of refining capacity. Furthermore, a slowdown or recession in the U.S. economy may have a
greater impact on U.S. gasoline prices than on global crude oil prices. As a result, it is possible that changes in gasoline
prices may not match the changes in crude oil prices. 

Unleaded Gasoline Price Movements in Comparison
to Other Energy Commodities and Investment Categories.  USCF believes that investors frequently measure the degree to which
prices or total returns of one investment or asset class move up or down in value in concert with another investment or asset class.
Statistically, such a measure is usually done by measuring the correlation of the price movements of the two different investments
or asset classes over some period of time. The correlation is scaled between 1 and -1, where 1 indicates that the two investment
options move up or down in price or value together, known as  positive correlation,  and -1 indicates that they move
in completely opposite directions, known as  negative correlation.  A correlation of 0 would mean that the movements
of the two are neither positively nor negatively correlated, known as  non-correlation.  That is, the investment options
sometimes move up and down together and other times move in opposite directions. 

For the ten-year time period between September
30, 2006 and September 30, 2016, the table below compares the monthly movements of unleaded gasoline prices versus the monthly
movements of the prices of several other energy commodities, such as natural gas, crude oil and diesel-heating oil, as well as
several major non-commodity investment asset classes, such as large cap U.S. equities, U.S. government bonds and global equities.
It can be seen that over this particular time period, the movement of gasoline on a monthly basis was strongly correlated with
crude oil and diesel-heating oil, somewhat correlated with large cap U.S. equities and global equities, uncorrelated with natural
gas, and somewhat negatively correlated with U.S. government bonds. 

Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

The table below covers a more recent, but much
shorter, range of dates than the above table. Over the one year period ended September 30, 2016, gasoline was strongly correlated
to movements in crude oil and diesel-heating oil, somewhat correlated with large cap U.S. equities, global equities and natural
gas, and somewhat inversely correlated with U.S. government bonds 

Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX 

* PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS   

Investors are cautioned that the historical
price relationships between gasoline and various other energy commodities, as well as other investment asset classes, as measured
by correlation may not be reliable predictors of future price movements and correlation results. The results pictured above would
have been different if a different range of dates had been selected. USCF believes that gasoline has historically not demonstrated
a strong correlation with equities or bonds over long periods of time. However, USCF also believes that in the future it is possible
that gasoline could have long term correlation results that indicate prices of gasoline more closely track the movements of equities
or bonds. In addition, USCF believes that, when measured over time periods shorter than ten years, there will always be some periods
where the correlation of gasoline to equities and bonds will be either more strongly positively correlated or more strongly negatively
correlated than the long term historical results suggest. 

The correlations between gasoline,
crude oil, natural gas and diesel-heating oil are relevant because USCF endeavors to invest UGA s assets in Futures Contracts
and Other Gasoline-Related Investments so that daily changes in percentage terms in UGA s per share NAV correlate as closely
as possible with daily changes in percentage terms in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract. If certain other fuel-based
commodity futures contracts do not closely correlate with the gasoline Futures Contract, then their use could lead to greater
tracking error. As noted above, USCF also believes that the changes in percentage terms in the price of the Benchmark Futures Contract
will closely correlate with changes in percentage terms in the spot price of gasoline. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Preparation of the condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires the application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. UGA s application
of these policies involves judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used. 

USCF has evaluated the nature and types of
estimates that it makes in preparing UGA s condensed financial statements and related disclosures and has determined
that the valuation of its investments, which are not traded on a United States or internationally recognized futures exchange (such
as forward contracts and OTC swaps) involves a critical accounting policy. The values which are used by UGA for its Futures Contracts
are provided by its commodity broker who uses market prices when available, while OTC swaps are valued based on the present
value of estimated future cash flows that would be received from or paid to a third party in settlement of these derivative contracts
prior to their delivery date and valued on a daily basis. In addition, UGA estimates interest and dividend income on a daily basis
using prevailing rates earned on its cash and cash equivalents. These estimates are adjusted to the actual amount received on a
monthly basis and the difference, if any, is not considered material. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

UGA has not made, and does not anticipate making,
use of borrowings or other lines of credit to meet its obligations. UGA has met, and it is anticipated that UGA will continue to
meet, its liquidity needs in the normal course of business from the proceeds of the sale of its investments or from the Treasuries,
cash and/or cash equivalents that it intends to hold at all times. UGA s liquidity needs include: redeeming shares, providing
margin deposits for its existing Futures Contracts or the purchase of additional Futures Contracts and posting collateral for its
OTC swaps and payment of its expenses, summarized below under  Contractual Obligations.  

UGA currently generates cash primarily from:
(i) the sale of baskets consisting of 50,000 shares ( Creation Baskets ) and (ii) income earned on Treasuries,
cash and/or cash equivalents. UGA has allocated substantially all of its net assets to trading in Gasoline Interests. UGA invests
in Gasoline Interests to the fullest extent possible without being leveraged or unable to satisfy its current or potential margin
or collateral obligations with respect to its investments in Futures Contracts and Other Gasoline-Related Investments. A significant
portion of UGA s NAV is held in cash and cash equivalents that are used as margin and as collateral for its trading
in Gasoline Interests. The balance of the assets is held in UGA s account at its custodian bank and in investments in Treasuries
at the FCM. Income received from UGA s investments in money market funds and Treasuries is paid to UGA. During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, UGA s expenses exceeded the income UGA earned and the cash earned from the sale of Creation Baskets
and the redemption of Redemption Baskets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, UGA used other assets to pay expenses,
which could cause a decrease in UGA s NAV over time. To the extent expenses exceed income, UGA s NAV will be negatively
impacted. 

UGA s investments in Gasoline Interests
may be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations and other reasons. For example,
most commodity exchanges limit the fluctuations in futures contracts prices during a single day by regulations referred to as  daily
limits.  During a single day, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once the price of a futures
contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the contracts can neither be taken nor
liquidated unless the traders are willing to effect trades at or within the specified daily limit. Such market conditions could
prevent UGA from promptly liquidating its positions in Futures Contracts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
UGA did not purchase or liquidate any of its positions while daily limits were in effect; however, UGA cannot predict whether it
may have to purchase or liquidate positions in the future. 

Since the initial offering of shares, UGA has
been responsible for expenses relating to: (i) management fees, (ii) brokerage fees and commissions, (iii) licensing
fees for the use of intellectual property, (iv) ongoing registration expenses in connection with offers and sales of
its shares subsequent to the initial offering, (v) other expenses, including tax reporting costs, (vi) fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and (vii) other extraordinary expenses not in the ordinary course of business, while
USCF has been responsible for expenses relating to the fees of UGA s Marketing Agent, Administrator and Custodian and registration
expenses relating to the initial offering of shares. If USCF and UGA are unsuccessful in raising sufficient funds to cover
these respective expenses or in locating any other source of funding, UGA will terminate and investors may lose all or part of
their investment. 

Market Risk  

Trading in Futures Contracts and Other
Gasoline-Related Investments, such as forwards, involves UGA entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell gasoline
at a specified date in the future. The aggregate market value of the contracts will significantly exceed UGA s future
cash requirements since UGA intends to close out its open positions prior to settlement. As a result, UGA is generally only
subject to the risk of loss arising from the change in value of the contracts. UGA considers the  fair value  of its
derivative instruments to be the unrealized gain or loss on the contracts. The market risk associated with UGA s commitments
to purchase gasoline is limited to the aggregate market value of the contracts held. However, should UGA enter into a contractual
commitment to sell gasoline, it would be required to make delivery of the gasoline at the contract price, repurchase the contract
at prevailing prices or settle in cash. Since there are no limits on the future price of gasoline, the market risk to UGA could
be unlimited. 

UGA s exposure to market risk depends
on a number of factors, including the markets for gasoline, the volatility of interest rates and foreign exchange rates, the liquidity
of the Futures Contracts and Other Gasoline-Related Investments markets and the relationships among the contracts held by
UGA. Drastic market occurrences could ultimately lead to the loss of all or substantially all of an investor s capital. 

Credit Risk  

When UGA enters into Futures Contracts
and Other Gasoline-Related Investments, it is exposed to the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations.
The counterparty for the Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX and on most other futures exchanges is the clearinghouse
associated with the particular exchange. In general, in addition to margin required to be posted by the clearinghouse in connection
with cleared trades, clearinghouses are backed by their members who may be required to share in the financial burden resulting
from the nonperformance of one of their members and, therefore, this additional member support should significantly reduce credit
risk. UGA is not currently a member of any clearinghouse. Some foreign exchanges are not backed by their clearinghouse members
but may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. There can be no assurance that any counterparty, clearinghouse,
or their members or their financial backers will satisfy their obligations to UGA in such circumstances. 

USCF attempts to manage the credit risk
of UGA by following various trading limitations and policies. In particular, UGA generally posts margin and/or holds liquid assets
that are approximately equal to the market value of its obligations to counterparties under the Futures Contracts and Other Gasoline-Related
Investments it holds. USCF has implemented procedures that include, but are not limited to, executing and clearing trades only
with creditworthy parties and/or requiring the posting of collateral or margin by such parties for the benefit of UGA to limit
its credit exposure. An FCM, when acting on behalf of UGA in accepting orders to purchase or sell Futures Contracts on United States
exchanges, is required by CFTC regulations to separately account for and segregate as belonging to UGA, all assets of UGA
relating to domestic Futures Contracts trading. These FCMs are not allowed to commingle UGA s assets with their other assets.
In addition, the CFTC requires commodity brokers to hold in a secure account UGA s assets related to foreign Futures Contracts
trading. 

If, in the future, UGA purchases OTC swaps,
see   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for a discussion of OTC swaps. 

As of September 30, 2016, UGA held cash deposits
and investments in Treasuries and money market funds in the amount of $66,543,793 with the custodian and FCM. Some or all of these
amounts held by a custodian or an FCM, as applicable, may be subject to loss should UGA s custodian or FCM, as applicable,
cease operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Financing  

As of September 30, 2016, UGA had no loan guarantee,
credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than agreements entered into in the normal course of business,
which may include indemnification provisions relating to certain risks that service providers undertake in performing services
which are in the best interests of UGA. While UGA s exposure under these indemnification provisions cannot be estimated,
they are not expected to have a material impact on UGA s financial position. 

European Sovereign Debt  

UGA had no direct exposure to European sovereign
debt as of September 30, 2016 and has no direct exposure to European sovereign debt as of the filing of this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q. 

Redemption Basket Obligation  

In order to meet its investment objective and
pay its contractual obligations described below, UGA requires liquidity to redeem shares, which redemptions must be in blocks
of 50,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets . UGA has to date satisfied this obligation by paying from the cash
or cash equivalents it holds or through the sale of its Treasuries in an amount proportionate to the number of shares being
redeemed. 

Contractual Obligations  

UGA s primary contractual obligations
are with USCF. In return for its services, USCF is entitled to a management fee calculated daily and paid monthly as a fixed percentage
of UGA s NAV, currently 0.60% of NAV on its average daily total net assets. 

USCF agreed to pay the start-up costs
associated with the formation of UGA, primarily its legal, accounting and other costs in connection with USCF s registration
with the CFTC as a CPO and the registration and listing of UGA and its shares with the SEC, FINRA and NYSE Arca (formerly,
AMEX), respectively. However, since UGA s initial offering of shares, offering costs incurred in connection with registering
and listing additional shares of UGA have been directly borne on an ongoing basis by UGA, and not by USCF. 

USCF pays the fees of the Marketing Agent,
and the fees of BBH Co., as well as BBH Co. s fees for performing administrative services, including those in connection
with the preparation of UGA s condensed financial statements and its SEC, NFA and CFTC reports. USCF and UGA have also entered
into a licensing agreement with the NYMEX pursuant to which UGA and the Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI, CPER and USAG,
pay a licensing fee to the NYMEX. UGA also pays the fees and expenses associated with its tax accounting and reporting requirements.
USCF has voluntarily agreed to pay certain expenses typically borne by UGA to the extent that such expenses exceeded 0.15% (15
basis points) of UGA s NAV, on an annualized basis. USCF has no obligation to continue such payments into subsequent periods.
This discretionary expense waiver is in addition to those amounts USCF is contractually obligated to pay as described in  Note
4  to the  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)  in  Item 1  of this quarterly report on Form
10-Q. 

In addition to USCF s management fee,
UGA pays its brokerage fees (including fees to an FCM), OTC dealer spreads, any licensing fees for the use of intellectual
property, and, subsequent to the initial offering, registration and other fees paid to the SEC, FINRA, or other regulatory agencies
in connection with the offer and sale of shares, as well as legal, printing, accounting and other expenses associated therewith,
and extraordinary expenses. The latter are expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of UGA s business, including
expenses relating to the indemnification of any person against liabilities and obligations to the extent permitted by law and under
the LP Agreement, the bringing or defending of actions in law or in equity or otherwise conducting litigation and incurring legal
expenses and the settlement of claims and litigation. Commission payments to an FCM are on a contract-by-contract, or round turn,
basis. UGA also pays a portion of the fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF. See  Note 3  to the  Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)  in  Item 1  of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

The parties cannot anticipate the amount of
payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods, as UGA s per share NAVs and trading levels to
meet its investment objective will not be known until a future date. These agreements are effective for a specific term agreed
upon by the parties with an option to renew, or, in some cases, are in effect for the duration of UGA s existence. Either
party may terminate these agreements earlier for certain reasons described in the agreements. 

As of September 30, 2016, UGA s portfolio
consisted of 1,128 RBOB Gasoline Futures RB Contracts traded on the NYMEX. As of September 30, 2016, UGA did not hold any Futures
Contracts traded on ICE Futures. For a list of UGA s current holdings, please see UGA s website at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com. 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.  

OTC Contract Risk   

Currently, OTC transactions are subject
to changing regulation.   

UGA may purchase OTC contracts, such as forward
contracts or swap or spot contracts. Unlike most exchange-traded futures contracts or exchange-traded options on such futures,
each party to an OTC swap bears the credit risk that the other party may not be able to perform its obligations under its contract. 

UGA may enter into certain transactions where
an OTC component is exchanged for a corresponding futures contract ( Exchange for Related Position  or  EFRP 
transactions). In the most common type of EFRP transaction entered into by UGA, the OTC component is the purchase or sale of one
or more baskets of UGA shares. These EFRP transactions may expose UGA to counterparty risk during the interim period between the
execution of the OTC component and the exchange for a corresponding futures contract. Generally, the counterparty risk from the
EFRP transaction will exist only on the day of execution. 

Swap transactions, like other financial transactions,
involve a variety of significant risks. The specific risks presented by a particular swap transaction necessarily depend upon the
terms and circumstances of the transaction. In general, however, all swap transactions involve some combination of market risk,
credit risk, counterparty credit risk, funding risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. 

Highly customized swap transactions in particular
may increase liquidity risk, which may result in a suspension of redemptions. Highly leveraged transactions may experience substantial
gains or losses in value as a result of relatively small changes in the value or level of an underlying or related market factor. 

In evaluating the risks and contractual obligations
associated with a particular swap transaction, it is important to consider that a swap transaction may be modified or terminated
only by mutual consent of the original parties and subject to agreement on individually negotiated terms. Therefore, it may not
be possible for USCF to modify, terminate or offset UGA s obligations or its exposure to the risks associated with a transaction
prior to its scheduled termination date. 

To reduce the credit risk that arises in connection
with such contracts, UGA will generally enter into an agreement with each counterparty based on the Master Agreement published
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association that provides for the netting of its overall exposure to its counterparty,
if the counterparty is unable to meet its obligations to UGA due to the occurrence of a specified event, such as the insolvency
of the counterparty. 

USCF assesses or reviews, as appropriate, the
creditworthiness of each potential or existing counterparty to an OTC swap pursuant to guidelines approved by USCF s board
of directors (the  Board ). Furthermore, USCF on behalf of UGA only enters into OTC swaps with counterparties who are,
or are affiliates of, (a) banks regulated by a United States federal bank regulator, (b) broker-dealers regulated by
the SEC, (c) insurance companies domiciled in the United States, or (d) producers, users or traders of energy, whether
or not regulated by the CFTC. Any entity acting as a counterparty shall be regulated in either the United States or the United
Kingdom unless otherwise approved by the Board after consultation with its legal counsel. Existing counterparties are also reviewed
periodically by USCF. UGA will also require that the counterparty be highly rated and/or provide collateral or other credit support.
Even if collateral is used to reduce counterparty credit risk, sudden changes in the value of OTC transactions may leave a party
open to financial risk due to a counterparty default since the collateral held may not cover a party s exposure on the transaction
in such situations. 

In general, valuing OTC derivatives is less
certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange-traded futures contracts and securities or cleared
swaps because the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually negotiated,
and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while market makers
and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC swaps, they typically are not contractually
obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult to obtain an independent
value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction. 

During the nine month reporting period ended
September 30, 2016, UGA limited its OTC activities to EFRP transactions. 

UGA anticipates that the use of Other Gasoline-Related
Investments together with its investments in Futures Contracts will produce price and total return results that closely track the
investment goals of UGA. However, there can be no assurance of this. OTC swaps may result in higher transaction-related expenses
than the brokerage commissions paid in connection with the purchase of Futures Contracts, which may impact UGA s ability
to successfully track the Benchmark Futures Contract. 

Item 4.      Controls
and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

UGA maintains disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in UGA s periodic reports filed or submitted under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. 

The duly appointed officers of USCF, including
its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive officer
and principal financial officer of UGA if UGA had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of UGA s disclosure controls
and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of UGA have been effective as of the end of the period
covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Change in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes in UGA s internal
control over financial reporting during UGA s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, UGA s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.      Legal Proceedings.  

Not applicable. 

Item 1A.      Risk Factors.  

There have been no material changes to the
risk factors previously disclosed in UGA s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed
on March 11, 2016. 

Item 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

Not applicable. 

Item 3.      Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.      Other Information.  

Monthly Account Statements  

Pursuant to the requirement under Rule 4.22
under the Commodity Exchange Act, each month UGA publishes an account statement for its shareholders, which includes a Statement
of Income (Loss) and a Statement of Changes in Net Asset Value. The account statement is furnished to the SEC on a current report
on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and posted each month on UGA s website at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com. 

Item 6.      Exhibits.  

Listed below are the exhibits, which are filed
as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

(1)  
      Filed herewith.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

United States Gasoline Fund, LP (Registrant)  

 By: United States Commodity Funds LLC, its general partner 

By:    
      /s/ John P. Love  

John P. Love  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal executive officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016 

By:    
      /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal financial and accounting officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450969_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, John P. Love, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States Gasoline Fund, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November
    7 , 2016 
      By:  
     /s/ John P. Love  

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         John P. Love 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Gasoline Fund, LP   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v450969_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States Gasoline Fund, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November
7 , 2016 
      By:    
     /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Gasoline Fund, LP   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v450969_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States Gasoline
Fund, LP (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, John P. Love,
the President and Chief Executive Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, General Partner of the Registrant, hereby certify,
to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November
7 , 2016 
      By:  
     /s/ John P. Love  

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         John P. Love 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Gasoline Fund, LP   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v450969_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States Gasoline
Fund, LP (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Stuart P.
Crumbaugh, the Chief Financial Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, General Partner of the Registrant, hereby certify,
to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
7 , 2016 
      By:  
     /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         General Partner of United States Gasoline Fund, LP   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 uga-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 uga-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 uga-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 uga-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 uga-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 uga-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

