<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_30305_0001628280-16-020757_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5662985</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98605</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>311300</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2052256</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2196367</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>871884</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-020757.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103162628
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-020757
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DUCOMMUN INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000030305
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT PART & AUXILIARY EQUIPMENT, NEC [3728]
		IRS NUMBER:				950693330
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08174
		FILM NUMBER:		161971982

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23301 WILMINGTON AVE.
		CITY:			CARSON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90745
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3105137280

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23301 WILMINGTON AVE.
		CITY:			CARSON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90745

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-020757.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 dco-q3201610xq.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
   _________________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
     _________________________________________________________ 

For the quarterly period ended   October 1, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission File Number 1-8174 
     _________________________________________________________ 
  DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
     _________________________________________________________ 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (310) 513-7200 
    
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
     _________________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x    No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                         Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
      
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  As of   October 25, 2016  , the registrant had 11,173,659 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Page 
       PART I   .      FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 1, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015  
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015  
    6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    20 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    29 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    29 
        
       PART II   .    OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    30 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    30 

Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    30 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    31 

Signatures  
      
    33 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 
   
  Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Description of Business 
  We are a leading global provider of engineering and manufacturing services for high-performance products and high-cost-of failure applications used primarily in the aerospace and defense ( A D ), industrial, medical and other industries (collectively,  Industrial ). Our subsidiaries are organized into   two   strategic businesses: Electronic Systems segment and Structural Systems segment, each of which is a reportable operating segment. Electronic Systems designs, engineers and manufactures high-reliability products used in worldwide technology-driven markets including aerospace, defense, industrial and medical and other end-use markets. Electronic Systems  product offerings range from prototype development to complex assemblies. Structural Systems designs, engineers and manufactures large, complex contoured aerospace structural components and assemblies and supplies composite and metal bonded structures and assemblies. Structural Systems  products are used on commercial aircraft, military fixed-wing aircraft and military and commercial rotary-wing aircraft. All reportable operating segments follow the same accounting principles.  
  Basis of Presentation 
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Ducommun Incorporated and its subsidiaries ( Ducommun,  the  Company,   we,   us  or  our ), after eliminating intercompany balances and transactions. The December 31, 2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not contain all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). 
  Our significant accounting policies were described in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1),  Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We followed the same accounting policies for interim reporting. The financial information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of recurring accruals, have been made that are necessary to fairly state our condensed consolidated financial position, statements of income, comprehensive income and cash flows in accordance with GAAP for the periods covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016.  
  Our fiscal quarters typically end on the Saturday closest to the end of March, June and September for the first three fiscal quarters of each year, and ends on December 31 for our fourth fiscal quarter. As a result of using fiscal quarters for the first three quarters combined with leap years, our first and fourth fiscal quarters can range between 12 1/2 weeks to 13 1/2 weeks while the second and third fiscal quarters remain at a constant 13 weeks per fiscal quarter. 
  Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts to conform to the current year s presentation. 
  Use of Estimates 
  Certain amounts and disclosures included in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements required management to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities (including forward loss reserves), revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
  Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

7 

     Table of Contents  

Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
  Basic earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding in each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, plus any potential dilutive shares that could be issued if exercised or converted into common stock in each period. 
  The net income (loss), weighted-average number of common shares outstanding used to compute earnings (loss) per share, were as follows: 

Potentially dilutive stock options and stock units to purchase common stock, as shown below, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. However, these shares may be potentially dilutive common shares in the future. 

Fair Value 
  Assets and liabilities that are measured, recorded or disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis are categorized using the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1, the highest level, refers to the values determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant observable inputs. Level 3, the lowest level, includes fair values estimated using significant unobservable inputs. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid instruments purchased with original maturities of   three months   or less. Our cash accounts are not reduced for checks written until the checks are presented for payment and paid by our bank. These assets are valued at cost, which approximates fair value, which we classify as Level 1. See Fair Value above. 
  Derivative Instruments 
  We recognize derivative instruments on our consolidated balance sheets at their fair value. On the date that we enter into a derivative contract, we designate the derivative instrument as a fair value hedge, a cash flow hedge, a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, or a derivative instrument that will not be accounted for using hedge accounting methods. As of October 1, 2016, all of our derivative instruments were designated as cash flow hedges.  
  We record changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument that is highly effective and that is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax until our earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows of the underlying hedge. We record any hedge ineffectiveness and amounts excluded from effectiveness testing in current period earnings within interest expense. We report changes in the fair values of derivative instruments that are not designated or do not qualify for hedge accounting in current period earnings. We classify cash flows from derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of cash flows in the same category as the item being hedged or on a basis consistent with the nature of the instrument.  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

When we determine that a derivative instrument is not highly effective as a hedge, we discontinue hedge accounting prospectively. In all situations in which we discontinue hedge accounting and the derivative instrument remains outstanding, we will carry the derivative instrument at its fair value on our consolidated balance sheets and recognize subsequent changes in its fair value in our current period earnings. 
  Inventories 
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market with cost being determined using a moving average cost basis for raw materials and actual cost for work-in-process and finished goods, with units being relieved and charged to cost of sales on a first-in, first-out basis. Market value for raw materials is based on replacement cost and for other inventory classifications it is based on net realizable value. Inventoried costs include raw materials, outside processing, direct labor and allocated overhead, adjusted for any abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs, and wasted materials (spoilage) incurred. Costs under long-term contracts are accumulated into, and removed from, inventory on the same basis as other contracts. We assess the inventory carrying value and reduce it, if necessary, to its net realizable value based on customer orders on hand, and internal demand forecasts using management s best estimates given information currently available. We maintain a reserve for potentially excess and obsolete inventories and inventories that are carried at costs that are higher than their estimated net realizable values.  
  Production Cost of Contracts 
  Production cost of contracts includes non-recurring production costs, such as design and engineering costs, and tooling and other special-purpose machinery necessary to build parts as specified in a contract. Production costs of contracts are recorded to cost of goods sold using the units of delivery method. We review the value of the production cost of contracts on a quarterly basis to ensure when added to the estimated cost to complete, the value is not greater than the estimated realizable value of the related contracts.  
  Assets Held For Sale 
  In the fourth quarter of 2015, we made the decision to sell our Huntsville, Alabama and Iuka, Mississippi (collectively,  Miltec ) operations and our Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania operation, both of which were part of our Electronic Systems operating segment, and as a result, we met the criteria for assets held for sale. However, the proposed sale of these two operations did not represent a strategic shift in our business and thus, were included in the ongoing operating results in the consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. 
  On January 22, 2016, we entered into an agreement, and completed the sale on the same date, to sell our operation located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania for a final sales price of   $38.5 million   in cash. We divested this facility as part of our overall strategy to streamline operations, which includes consolidating our footprint. Net assets sold were   $24.0 million  , net liabilities sold were   $4.0 million  , and direct transaction costs incurred were   $0.2 million  , resulting in a gain on divestiture of   $18.3 million  . 
  In February 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our Miltec operation for a preliminary sales price of   $14.6 million  , in cash, subject to post-closing adjustments. We divested this facility as part of our overall strategy to streamline operations, which includes consolidating our footprint. We completed the sale on March 25, 2016. Preliminary net assets sold were   $15.4 million  , net liabilities sold were   $2.6 million  , and direct transaction costs incurred during the current period were   $1.3 million  , resulting in a gain on divestiture of   $0.5 million  . 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

The carrying values of the major classes of assets and liabilities related to these assets held for sale were as follows: 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss, as reflected in the condensed consolidated balance sheets under the equity section, was comprised of cumulative pension and retirement liability adjustments and changes in the fair value, net of tax, of a derivative instrument that is highly effective and that is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge. 
  Provision for Estimated Losses on Contracts 
  We record provisions for the total anticipated losses on contracts considering total estimated costs to complete the contract compared to total anticipated revenues in the period in which such losses are identified. The provisions for estimated losses on contracts require us to make certain estimates and assumptions, including those with respect to the future revenue under a contract and the future cost to complete the contract. Our estimate of the future cost to complete a contract may include assumptions as to improvements in manufacturing efficiency, reductions in operating and material costs, and our ability to resolve claims and assertions with our customers. If any of these or other assumptions and estimates do not materialize in the future, we may be required to record additional provisions for estimated losses on contracts. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  New Accounting Guidance Adopted in 2016 
  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)  ( ASU 2015-15 ), which provides guidance on the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements. Other guidance does not address presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. Thus, the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The new guidance was effective for us beginning January 1, 2016. We did not have debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements and thus, the adoption of this new guidance did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-10,  Technical Corrections and Improvements  ( ASU 2015-10 ), which covers a wide range of Topics in the Codification. The amendments in ASU 2015-10 represent changes to make minor corrections or minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost on most entities. The amendments in this new guidance that require transition guidance were effective for us beginning January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05,  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40):  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement  ( ASU 2015-05 ), which provides guidance on fees paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The new guidance was effective for us beginning January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ( ASU 2015-03 ), which changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. Under ASU 2015-03, an entity presents such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of those costs is reported as interest expense. The new guidance was effective for us beginning January 1, 2016. As a result of the adoption of this new guidance, we reclassed   $3.4 million   of debt issuance costs against   $180.0 million   of total debt as of October 1, 2016. 
  In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,  Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20)  ( ASU 2015-01 ), which eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Current guidance requires separate classification, presentation, and disclosure of extraordinary events and transactions. In addition, an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its classification as an extraordinary item. The new guidance was effective for us beginning January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide that a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period  ( ASU 2014-12 ), which requires that a performance target that affects vesting, and that could be achieved after the requisite service period, be treated as a performance condition. Thus, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant date fair value of the award. This update further clarifies that compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. The new guidance was effective for us beginning January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ), which addresses the following eight specific cash flow issues:  Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies ( COLIs ) (including bank-owned life insurance policies [ BOLIs ]); distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2018. We are evaluating the impact of this standard. 
  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):  Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  ( ASU 2016-12 ), which amends the guidance in the new revenue standard on collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition. The amendments are intended to address implementation issues and provide additional practical expedients to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the new revenue standard. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods with that reporting period. We are evaluating the impact of this standard. 
  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-11,  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815):  Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-06 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting  ( ASU 2016-11 ), which clarifies revenue and expense recognition for freight costs, accounting for shipping and handling fees and costs, and accounting for consideration given by a vendor to a customer. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods with that reporting period. We are evaluating the impact of this standard. 
  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU 2016-10 ), which clarifies the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations; and (b) the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods with that reporting period. We are evaluating the impact of this standard. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ), which is intended to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2017. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual reporting period. We are evaluating the impact of this standard and currently do not anticipate it will have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships  ( ASU 2016-05 ), which clarifies that a change in the counter party to a derivative instrument designated as a hedging instrument does not require dedesignation of that hedging relationship, provided that all other hedge accounting criteria are met. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2017. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim period on a modified retrospective basis. We are evaluating the impact of this standard and currently do not anticipate it will have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ), which requires lessees to present right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Lessees are required to apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2019. We are evaluating the impact of this standard and currently anticipate it will impact our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330)  ( ASU 2015-11 ), which requires inventory within the scope of ASU 2015-11 to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) or the retail inventory value. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2017. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We are evaluating the impact of this standard, but currently do not anticipate it will have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ), which defines management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 also provide principles and definitions that are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of disclosures in the financial statement footnotes. The new guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, which will be our year ending December 31, 2016, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016, which will be our interim period beginning January 1, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of this standard and currently do not anticipate it will have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which outlines a new, single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. This new revenue recognition model provides a five-step analysis in determining when and how revenue is recognized. It requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of the contract(s) which include (i) identifying the contract(s) with the customer, (ii) identifying the separate performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determining the transaction price, (iv) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance obligations, and (v) recognizing revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. Thus, it depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration an entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. Companies have the option of applying the provisions of ASU 2014-09 either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this guidance recognized at the date of initial application. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue From Contracts With Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2015-14 ), which defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The new guidance is effective for us beginning January 1, 2018 and will provide us  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

additional time to evaluate the method and impact that ASU 2014-09 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. We are evaluating the impact of this standard, and with the percentage of completion, unit of delivery method of recognizing revenue being eliminated under ASU 2014-09, we currently anticipate our revenue, cost of sales, and related items on our condensed consolidated financial statements will be impacted. 
   
  Note 2. Restructuring Activities 
  Summary of 2015 Restructuring Plans 
  In September 2015, management approved and commenced implementation of several restructuring actions, including organizational re-alignment, consolidation and relocation of the New York facilities that was completed in December 2015, closure of the Houston facility that was completed in December 2015, and closure of the St. Louis facility that was completed in April 2016, all of which are part of our overall strategy to streamline operations. We have recorded cumulative expenses of   $2.2 million   for severance and benefits and loss on early exit from leases. We do not expect to record additional expenses related to these restructuring plans. 
  As of October 1, 2016, we have accrued   $0.1 million   for severance and benefits and early exit from lease in the Electronic Systems segment and   $0.6 million   for severance and benefits and loss on early exit from lease in the Structural Systems segment, all of which were charged to selling, general and administrative expenses. 
  Summary of 2016 Restructuring Plan 
  In May 2016, management approved and commenced implementation of the closure of one of our Tulsa facilities that was completed in June 2016, and is part of our overall strategy to streamline operations. We have recorded cumulative expenses of   $0.2 million   for severance and benefits and loss on early exit from a lease. We do not expect to record additional expenses related to this restructuring plan. 
  As of October 1, 2016, we have accrued   $0.1 million   for loss on early exit from lease in the Electronic Systems segment, all of which were charged to selling, general and administrative expenses. 
  Our restructuring activities in the nine months ended October 1, 2016 were as follows (in thousands): 

Note 3. Fair Value Measurements 
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for an asset or the price that would be paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The accounting standard provides a framework for measuring fair value using a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. This hierarchy requires us to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value are as follows: 
  Level 1   - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
  Level 2   - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and 
  Level 3   - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
  Our financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and interest rate cap derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows (in thousands): 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

(1) Included as cash and cash equivalents. 
  (2) Interest rate cap hedge premium included as other current assets and other assets. 
  The fair value of the interest rate cap hedge agreements was determined using pricing models that use observable market inputs as of the balance sheet date, a Level 2 measurement.  
  There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 financial instruments in the three months ended October 1, 2016. 

Note 4. Financial Instruments 
  Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  We periodically enter into cash flow derivative transactions, such as interest rate cap agreements, to hedge exposure to various risks related to interest rates. We assess the effectiveness of the interest rate cap hedges at inception of the hedge. We recognize all derivatives at their fair value. For cash flow designated hedges, the effective portion of the changes in fair value of the derivative contract are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes, and are recognized in net earnings at the time earnings are affected by the hedged transaction. Adjustments to record changes in fair values of the derivative contracts that are attributable to the ineffective portion of the hedges, if any, are recognized in earnings. We present derivative instruments in our consolidated statements of cash flows  operating, investing, or financing activities consistent with the cash flows of the hedged item. 
  Our interest rate cap hedges were designated as cash flow hedges and deemed highly effective at the inception of the hedges. These interest rate cap hedges mature concurrently with the term loan in June 2020. During the three months ended October 1, 2016, the interest rate cap hedges continued to be highly effective and less than   $0.1 million  , net of tax, was recognized in other comprehensive income.   No   amount was recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations during the three months ended October 1, 2016. See Note 8. 
  The recorded fair value of the derivative financial instruments in the consolidated balance sheets were as follows: 

14 

Table of Contents  

Note 5. Inventories 
  Inventories consisted of the following:  

We net advances from customers related to inventory purchases against inventories in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Note 6. Goodwill 
  Gross goodwill and accumulated goodwill impairment were   $164.3 million   and   $81.7 million  , respectively, both as of October 1, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The goodwill is included in our Electronic Systems segment. 
  We perform our annual goodwill impairment test during the fourth quarter. If certain factors occur, we may have to perform an impairment test prior to the fourth quarter including significant under performance of our business relative to expected operating results, significant adverse economic and industry trends, significant decline in our market capitalization for an extended period of time relative to net book value, a decision to divest individual businesses within a reporting unit, or a decision to group individual businesses differently.  
  At times, our market capitalization had declined below book value, which if it continues for an extended period of time, is a factor that could lead to a conclusion that a triggering event has occurred. As our market capitalization declines recently have been temporary in nature and our market capitalization has exceeded our book value, we do not consider these temporary declines in market capitalization to be a triggering event in the fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2016. However, it is considered at least reasonably possible that our determination that goodwill for our Electronic Systems segment was not impaired could change in the near term if any the factors noted above occurs. 

Note 7. Accrued Liabilities 
  The components of accrued liabilities were as follows: 

15 

Table of Contents  

Note 8. Long-Term Debt 
  Long-term debt and the current period interest rates were as follows: 

In June 2015, we completed a new credit facility to replace the Existing Credit Facilities. The new credit facility consisted of a   $275.0 million   senior secured term loan, which matures on June 26, 2020 ( New Term Loan ), and a   $200.0 million   senior secured revolving credit facility ( New Revolving Credit Facility ), which matures on June 26, 2020 (collectively, the  New Credit Facilities ). The New Credit Facilities bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) the Eurodollar Rate (defined as LIBOR) plus an applicable margin ranging from   1.50%   to   2.75%   per year or (ii) the Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus   0.50%  , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] the Eurodollar Rate plus   1.00%  ) plus an applicable margin ranging from   0.50%   to   1.75%   per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. The undrawn portions of the commitments of the New Credit Facilities are subject to a commitment fee ranging from   0.175%   to   0.300%  , based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio.  
  Further, we are required to make mandatory prepayments of amounts outstanding under the New Term Loan. The mandatory prepayments will be made quarterly, equal to   5.0%   per year of the original aggregate principal amount during the first two years and increase to   7.5%   per year during the third year, and increase to   10.0%   per year during the fourth year and fifth years, with the remaining balance payable on June 26, 2020. The loans under the New Revolving Credit Facility are due on June 26, 2020. As of October 1, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants required under the New Credit Facilities.  
  We have been making voluntary principal prepayments on a quarterly basis on our senior secured term loan and in conjunction with the closing of the New Credit Facilities in second quarter 2015, we drew down   $65.0 million   on the New Revolving Credit Facility and used those proceeds along with current cash on hand to extinguish the existing senior secured term loan of   $80.0 million  . We expensed the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the existing senior secured term loan of   $2.8 million   as part of extinguishing the existing senior secured term loan in second quarter 2015. We also incurred   $4.8 million   of debt issuance costs related to the New Credit Facilities and those costs were capitalized and are being amortized over the   five   year life of the New Credit Facilities. 
  In addition, we retired all of the   $200.0 million   senior unsecured notes ( Existing Notes ) in July 2015. We drew down on the New Term Loan in the amount of   $275.0 million  . Along with the call notice amount and paying the call premium of   $9.8 million  , we also paid down the   $65.0 million   outstanding on the New Revolving Credit Facility. We expensed the call premium of   $9.8 million   and debt issuance costs related to the Existing Notes of   $2.1 million   upon extinguishing the Existing Notes in July 2015. 
  Further, we made net voluntary principal prepayments of   $10.0 million   and   $65.0 million   under the New Credit Facilities during the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016, respectively. 
  As of October 1, 2016, we had   $198.5 million   of unused borrowing capacity under the New Revolving Credit Facility, after deducting   $1.5 million   for standby letters of credit. 
  The New Credit Facilities were entered into by us ( Parent Company ) and guaranteed by all of our subsidiaries, other than one subsidiary ( Subsidiary Guarantors ) that was considered minor. The Parent Company has no independent assets or operations and the Subsidiary Guarantors jointly and severally guarantee, on a senior unsecured basis, the New Credit Facilities. Therefore, no condensed consolidating financial information for the Parent Company and its subsidiaries are presented. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

In October 2015, we entered into interest rate cap hedges designated as cash flow hedges with maturity dates of June 2020, and in aggregate, totaling   $135.0 million   of our debt. We paid a total of   $1.0 million   in connection with entering into the interest rate cap hedges. See Note 4 for further discussion. 

Note 9. Shareholders  Equity 
  We are authorized to issue   five million   shares of preferred stock. At   October 1, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , no preferred shares were issued or outstanding. 

Note 10. Employee Benefit Plans 
  The components of net periodic pension expense were as follows: 

The components of the reclassifications of net actuarial losses from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income for the three and nine months ended   October 1, 2016   were as follows: 

(1) 
    The amortization expense is included in the computation of periodic pension cost and is a decrease to net income upon reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss. 

Note 11. Indemnifications 
  We have made guarantees and indemnities under which we may be required to make payments to a guaranteed or indemnified party, in relation to certain transactions, including revenue transactions in the ordinary course of business. In connection with certain facility leases, we have indemnified our lessors for certain claims arising from the facility or the lease. We indemnify our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
  However, we have a directors and officers insurance policy that may reduce our exposure in certain circumstances and may enable us to recover a portion of future amounts that may be payable, if any. The duration of the guarantees and indemnities varies and, in many cases is indefinite but subject to statute of limitations. The majority of guarantees and indemnities do not provide any limitations of the maximum potential future payments we could be obligated to make. Historically, payments related to these guarantees and indemnities have been immaterial. We estimate the fair value of our indemnification obligations as insignificant based on this history and insurance coverage and have, therefore, not recorded any liability for these guarantees and indemnities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Note 12. Income Taxes 
  The provision for income taxes is determined using an estimated annual effective tax rate, which is generally less than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to research and development ( R D ) tax credits and deductions available for domestic production activities. Our effective tax rate may be subject to fluctuations during the year as new information is obtained,  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

which may affect the assumptions used to estimate the annual effective tax rate, including factors such as expected utilization of R D tax credits, valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, the recognition or derecognition of tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions, and changes in or the interpretation of tax laws in jurisdictions where we conduct business. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities along with net operating loss and tax credit carryovers. 
  We record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets to reduce the net carrying value to an amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. When we establish or reduce our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets, the provision for income taxes will increase or decrease, respectively, in the period when that determination is made. 
  We recorded income tax expense of   $1.2 million   (effective tax rate of   19.8%  ) for the three months ended October 1, 2016 compared to an income tax benefit of   $(6.9) million   (effective tax benefit rate of   (42.1)%  ) for the three months ended October 3, 2015. The increase in the effective tax rate for the three months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the three months ended October 3, 2015 was primarily due to pre-tax income in the current three month period compared to a pre-tax loss in the prior year three month period. The increase was partially offset by the U.S. Federal research and development tax credit that was permanently extended in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the deduction for Qualified Domestic Production Activities. 
  We recorded income tax expense of   $9.9 million   (effective tax rate of   30.5%  ) for the nine months ended October 1, 2016 compared to an income tax benefit of   $(6.7) million   (effective tax benefit rate of   (40.9)%  ) for the nine months ended October 3, 2015. The increase in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the nine months ended October 3, 2015 was primarily due to pre-tax income in the current nine month period which included gain on divestitures of our Pittsburgh and Miltec operations of   $18.8 million   compared to a pre-tax loss in the prior year nine month period. The increase was partially offset by the U.S. Federal research and development tax credit that was permanently extended in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the deduction for Qualified Domestic Production Activities.  
  Our unrecognized tax benefits were   $2.9 million   and   $3.0 million   as of   October 1, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   $2.0 million  , if recognized, would affect the annual income tax rate. We do not anticipate any significant increases or decreases to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months. 
  During the three months ended October 1, 2016, the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) commenced an audit of our 2014 tax year. We believe we have adequately accrued for tax deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits, if any, that could result from the examination and all open audit years. 

Note 13. Contingencies 
  Structural Systems has been directed by California environmental agencies to investigate and take corrective action for groundwater contamination at its facilities located in El Mirage and Monrovia, California. Based on currently available information, Ducommun has established an accrual for its estimated liability for such investigation and corrective action of   $1.5 million   at both   October 1, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , which is reflected in other long-term liabilities on its condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  Structural Systems also faces liability as a potentially responsible party for hazardous waste disposed at landfills located in Casmalia and West Covina, California. Structural Systems and other companies and government entities have entered into consent decrees with respect to these landfills with the United States Environmental Protection Agency and/or California environmental agencies under which certain investigation, remediation and maintenance activities are being performed. Based on currently available information, Ducommun preliminarily estimates that the range of its future liabilities in connection with the landfill located in West Covina, California is between   $0.4 million   and   $3.1 million  . Ducommun has established an accrual for its estimated liability, in connection with the West Covina landfill of   $0.4 million   at   October 1, 2016  , which is reflected in other long-term liabilities on its consolidated balance sheet. Ducommun s ultimate liability in connection with these matters will depend upon a number of factors, including changes in existing laws and regulations, the design and cost of construction, operation and maintenance activities, and the allocation of liability among potentially responsible parties. 
  In the normal course of business, Ducommun and its subsidiaries are defendants in certain other litigation, claims and inquiries, including matters relating to environmental laws. In addition, Ducommun makes various commitments and incurs contingent liabilities. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of these matters, Ducommun does not presently expect that any sum it may be required to pay in connection with these matters would have a material adverse effect on its condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

18 

Table of Contents  

Note 14. Business Segment Information 
  We supply products and services primarily to the aerospace and defense industries. Our subsidiaries are organized into   two   strategic businesses, Structural Systems and Electronic Systems, each of which is a reportable operating segment. 
    
  Financial information by reportable operating segment was as follows: 

(1) 
    Includes costs not allocated to either the Structural Systems or Electronic Systems operating segments. 
     Segment assets include assets directly identifiable with each segment. Our segment assets are as follows: 

(1) 
    Includes assets not specifically identified to either the Structural Systems or Electronic Systems operating segments, including cash. 
     
   19 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  Overview 
  Ducommun Incorporated ( Ducommun,   the Company,   we,   us  or  our ) is a leading global provider of engineering and manufacturing services for high-performance products and high-cost-of failure applications used primarily in the aerospace, defense, and sophisticated industrial applications. We differentiate ourselves as a full-service solution-based provider, offering a wide range of value-added products and services in our primary businesses of electronics, structures and integrated solutions. We operate through two primary business segments:  Electronic Systems and Structural Systems, each of which is a reportable segment. 
  Third quarter 2016 summary: 
               
    Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was   $14.9 million 
                 
    Made net voluntary principal prepayments of $10.0 million on credit facilities during the quarter 
     Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( Adjusted EBITDA ) was   $14.9 million   and   $6.6 million   for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   and   October 3, 2015  , respectively.  
  When viewed with our financial results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and accompanying reconciliations, we believe Adjusted EBITDA provides additional useful information to clarify and enhance the understanding of the factors and trends affecting our past performance and future prospects. We define these measures, explain how they are calculated and provide reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measure in the table below. Adjusted EBITDA and the related financial ratios, as presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Form 10-Q ), are supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. They are not a measurement of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP, or as an alternative to net cash provided by operating activities as measures of our liquidity. The presentation of these measures should not be interpreted to mean that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or nonrecurring items. 
  We use Adjusted EBITDA non-GAAP operating performance measures internally as complementary financial measures to evaluate the performance and trends of our businesses. We present Adjusted EBITDA and the related financial ratios, as applicable, because we believe that measures such as these provide useful information with respect to our ability to meet our operating commitments. 
  Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations include: 
             
    They do not reflect our cash expenditures, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
                
    They do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
                
    They do not reflect the significant interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
                
    Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 
                
    They are not adjusted for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in our statements of cash flows; 
                
    They do not reflect the impact on earnings of charges resulting from matters unrelated to our ongoing operations; and 
     
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently from us, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
     Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA and the related financial ratios should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business or as a measure of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA only as supplemental information. See our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Form 10-Q. 
  However, in spite of the above limitations, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to an investor in evaluating our results of operations because these measures: 
             
    Are widely used by investors to measure a company s operating performance without regard to items excluded from the calculation of such terms, which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets, capital structure and the method by which assets were acquired, among other factors; 
                
    Help investors to evaluate and compare the results of our operations from period to period by removing the effect of our capital structure from our operating performance; and 
                
    Are used by our management team for various other purposes in presentations to our Board of Directors as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting. 
     The following financial items have been added back to or subtracted from our net income when calculating Adjusted EBITDA: 
             
    Interest expense may be useful to investors for determining current cash flow; 
                
    Income tax expense may be useful to investors because it represents the taxes which may be payable for the period and the change in deferred taxes during the period, and may reduce cash flow available for use in our business; 
                
    Depreciation may be useful to investors because it generally represents the wear and tear on our property and equipment used in our operations; 
                
    Amortization expense may be useful to investors because it represents the estimated attrition of our acquired customer base and the diminishing value of product rights; 
                
    Stock-based compensation may be useful to our investors for determining current cash flow; 
                
    Gain on divestitures may be useful to our investors in evaluating our on-going operating performance; 
                
    Loss on extinguishment of debt may be useful to our investors for determining current cash flow; and 
                
    Restructuring charges may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance. 
     Reconciliations of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA and the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net revenues were as follows: 

21 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  Third Quarter of 2016 Compared to Third Quarter of 2015 
  The following table sets forth net revenues, selected financial data, the effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share: 

nm = not meaningful 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Net Revenues by End-Use Market and Operating Segment 
  Net revenues by end-use market and operating segment during the first fiscal three and nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively, were as follows: 

Net revenues for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   were $132.6 million, compared to   $161.7 million   for the three months ended   October 3, 2015  . The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to the following: 
             
    $18.0 million lower revenues in our industrial end-use markets mainly due to the divestiture of our Pittsburgh operation in January 2016 and closure of our Houston operation in December 2015; and 
                
    $15.6 million lower revenues in our military and space end-use markets mainly due to the divestiture of our Miltec operation in March 2016 as well as program cancellations and budget changes, which impacted our fixed-wing and helicopter platforms and pushed out scheduled deliveries; 
                
    Partially offset by $4.5 million higher revenues in our commercial aerospace end-use markets mainly due to added content with existing customers. 
     Net revenues for the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   were $408.2 million, compared to $509.4 million for the nine months ended   October 3, 2015  . The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to the following: 
             
    $53.1 million lower revenues in our industrial end-use markets mainly due to the divestiture of our Pittsburgh operation in January 2016 and closure of our Houston operation in December 2015; and 
                
    $54.6 million lower revenues in our military and space end-use markets mainly due to the divestiture of our Miltec operations in March 2016 as well as program cancellations and budget changes, which impacted our fixed-wing and helicopter platforms and pushed out scheduled deliveries of these products to customers; 
                
    Partially offset by $6.4 million higher revenues in our commercial aerospace end-use markets mainly due to added content with existing customers. 
     
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Net Revenues by Major Customers 
  A significant portion of our net revenues are from our top ten customers as follows: 

(1) 
    Includes the Boeing Company, Raytheon Company, Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc., and United Technologies Corporation. 
     The Boeing Company ( Boeing ), Raytheon Company ( Raytheon ), Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc. ( Spirit ), and United Technologies Corporation ( United Technologies ) represented the following percentages of total accounts receivable: 

The net revenues and accounts receivable from Boeing, Raytheon, Spirit, and United Technologies are diversified over a number of commercial, military and space programs and were generated by both operating segments. 
  Gross Profit 
  Gross profit consists of net revenues less cost of sales. Cost of sales includes the cost of production of finished products and other expenses related to inventory management, manufacturing quality, and order fulfillment. Gross profit margin as a percentage of net revenues increased year-over-year in the three months ended   October 1, 2016   to 19.0% compared to the three months ended   October 3, 2015   of 12.4% primarily due to the following: 
             
    The 2015 third quarter included a forward loss reserve charge related to a regional jet program of $10.0 million; and 
                
    Total material costs as a percentage of revenues decreased 2.1% year-over-year as a result of our on-going supply chain initiatives and improved operating performance. 
     Gross profit margin increased year-over-year in the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   to 19.2% compared to the nine months ended   October 3, 2015   of 15.3% primarily due to the following: 
             
    2015 included a forward loss reserve charge related to a regional jet program of $12.2 million; and 
                
    Total material costs as a percentage of revenues decreased 2.6% year-over-year as a result of our on-going supply chain initiatives and improved operating performance. 
     Selling, General and Administrative Expenses ( SG A ) 
  SG A expenses decreased $4.0 million year-over-year in the three months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 3, 2015   primarily due to the following: 
             
    A decrease of $2.5 million related to the divestitures of our Pittsburgh and Miltec operations and closures of facilities; and 
                
    A decrease of $1.0 million in compensation and benefit costs. 
     SG A expenses decreased $5.9 million year-over-year in the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to the nine months ended   October 3, 2015   primarily due to the following: 
             
    A decrease of $6.9 million related to the divestitures of our Pittsburgh in January 2016 and Miltec operations in March 2016 and closures of facilities; 
                
    Partially offset by an increase of $1.2 million in professional services fees; and 
     
   24 

     Table of Contents  

An increase of $1.0 million in research and development costs related to new technology development. 
     Interest Expense 
  Interest expense decreased year-over-year in the three and nine months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to the three and nine months ended   October 3, 2015   primarily due to a lower outstanding debt balance as a result of net voluntary principal prepayments on our new credit facilities and a lower average interest rate as a result of completing the refinancing of our debt in July 2015. 
  Gain on Divestitures 
  Gain on divestitures for the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   consisted of the divestitures during the first quarter of 2016 of our Pittsburgh operation with a pretax gain of $18.3 million and our Miltec operation with a pretax gain of $0.5 million. (see Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q). 
  Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
  We recorded income tax expense of   $1.2 million   (effective tax rate of   19.8%  ) for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to an income tax benefit of   $(6.9) million   (effective tax benefit rate of   (42.1)%  ) for the three months ended   October 3, 2015  . The increase in the effective tax rate for the three months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the three months ended October 3, 2015 was primarily due to pre-tax income in the current three month period compared to a pre-tax loss in the prior year three month period. The increase was partially offset by the U.S. Federal research and development tax credit that was permanently extended in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the deduction for Qualified Domestic Production Activities.  
  We recorded income tax expense of   $9.9 million   (effective tax rate of   30.5%  ) for the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to an income tax benefit of   $(6.7) million   (effective tax benefit rate of   (40.9)%  ) for the nine months ended   October 3, 2015  . The increase in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the nine months ended October 3, 2015 which included pre-tax income in the current nine month period mainly due to gain on divestitures of our Pittsburgh and Miltec operations of $18.8 million compared to a pre-tax loss in the prior year nine month period. The increase was partially offset by the U.S. Federal research and development tax credit that was permanently extended in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the deduction for Qualified Domestic Production Activities. 
  Our unrecognized tax benefits were $2.9 million and $3.0 million as of October 1, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. $2.0 million, if recognized, would affect the annual income tax rate. We do not anticipate any significant increases or decreases to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months. 
  During the three months ended October 1, 2016, the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) commenced an audit of our 2014 tax year. We believe we have adequately accrued for tax deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits, if any, that could result from the examination and all open audit years. 
  Net Income (Loss) and Earnings (Loss) per Share 
  Net income (loss) and earnings (loss) per share for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   were   $5.0 million  , or   $0.44   per diluted share, compared to a net loss and loss per share of   $(9.5) million  , or   $(0.86)   per share, for the three months ended   October 3, 2015  . The increase in net income for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to a net loss for the three months ended   October 3, 2015   was primarily due to the following: 
             
    The 2015 third quarter included a loss on extinguishment of debt of $11.9 million related to the redemption of the $200.0 million senior unsecured notes; 
                
    The 2015 third quarter included a forward loss reserve charge related to a regional jet program of $10.0 million; 
                
    Lower interest expense of $1.4 million; and 
                
    Improved operating performance. 
     Net income (loss) and earnings (loss) per share for the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   were   $22.4 million  , or   $1.99   per diluted share, compared to a net loss and loss per share of   $(9.7) million  , or   $(0.88)   per share, for the nine months ended   October 3, 2015  . The increase in net income for the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to a net loss for the nine months ended   October 3, 2015   was primarily due to the following: 
             
    A pretax gain on divestitures of our Pittsburgh and Miltec operations of $18.8 million; 
                
    Prior year included a loss on extinguishment of debt of $14.7 million related to completing a new credit facility to replace the existing credit facilities along with the redemption of the $200.0 million senior unsecured notes; 
                
    2015 included a forward loss reserve charge related to a regional jet program of $12.2 million; 
     
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Lower interest expense of $10.2 million; and 
                
    Improved operating performance. 
     Business Segment Performance 
  We report our financial performance based upon the two reportable operating segments: Structural Systems and Electronic Systems. The results of operations differ between our reportable operating segments due to differences in competitors, customers, extent of proprietary deliverables and performance. The following table summarizes our business segment performance for the three and nine months ended   October 1, 2016   and   October 3, 2015  :  

26 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Includes costs not allocated to either the Structural Systems or Electronic Systems operating segments. 
              (2) 
    Insurance recoveries related to property and equipment included as other income for the nine months ended October 3, 2015. 
              (3) 
    Includes gain on divestitures of our Pittsburgh and Miltec operations. 
     Structural Systems 
  Structural Systems  net revenues in the three months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 3, 2015   decreased $3.2 million primarily due to a $3.4 million decrease in military and space revenues mainly due to program cancellations and budget changes which impacted scheduled deliveries on our fixed-wing and helicopter platforms. 
  Structural Systems  net revenues in the nine months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the nine months ended October 3, 2015 decreased $26.7 million primarily due to the following: 
             
    An $18.8 million decrease in military and space revenues mainly due to program cancellations and budget changes which impacted scheduled deliveries on our fixed-wing and helicopter platforms; and 
                
    A $7.9 million decrease in commercial aerospace revenues mainly due to the wind down of a regional jet program and continued softness in the commercial helicopter end-use market. 
     The Structural Systems segment operating income in the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the three and nine months ended October 3, 2015 increased primarily due to higher gross margins in the current three and nine months ended October 1, 2016 and the prior year three and nine months ended October 3, 2015 included a forward loss reserve charge related to a regional jet program of $10.0 million and $12.2 million, respectively.  
  Electronic Systems 
  Electronic Systems  net revenues in the three months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 3, 2015   decreased $25.9 million primarily due to the following: 
             
    An $18.0 million decrease in our industrial revenues mainly due to the divestiture of our Pittsburgh operation in January 2016 and closure of our Houston operation in December 2015; and 
                
    A $12.2 million decrease in our military and space revenues mainly due to the divestiture of our Miltec operation in March 2016 and program cancellations and budget changes, which impacted scheduled deliveries on our fixed-wing platforms; 
                
    Partially offset by $4.3 million increase in commercial aerospace revenues mainly due to added content with our existing customers. 
     Electronic Systems  net revenues in the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   compared to the nine months ended   October 3, 2015   decreased $74.6 million primarily due to the following: 
             
    A $53.1 million decrease in our industrial revenues mainly due to the divestiture of our Pittsburgh operation in January 2016 and closure of our Houston operation in December 2015; and 
                
    A $35.8 million decrease in our military and space revenue mainly due to the divestiture of our Miltec operation in March 2016 and program cancellations and budget changes, which impacted scheduled deliveries on our fixed-wing and helicopter platforms; 
                
    Partially offset by $14.3 million increase in our commercial aerospace revenue mainly due to added content with existing customers. 
     Electronic Systems  segment operating income in the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the three and nine months ended October 3, 2015 decreased primarily due to the effect of lower revenues as a result of the divestitures of our Pittsburgh and Miltec operations and closure of our Houston operation.  
  Corporate General and Administrative ( CG A ) 
  CG A expenses increased $0.8 million in the three months ending   October 1, 2016   compared to the three months ended   October 3, 2015   primarily due to higher compensation and benefits of $0.6 million. CG A expenses increased $1.3 million in the nine months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the nine months ended October 3, 2015 primarily due to one-time retirement charges of $0.9 million. 
  Backlog 
  Backlog is subject to delivery delays or program cancellations, which are beyond our control. Backlog is affected by timing differences in the placement of customer orders and tends to be concentrated in several programs to a greater extent than our net revenues. Backlog in industrial markets tends to be of a shorter duration and is generally fulfilled within a 3-month period. As a result of these factors,  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

trends in our overall level of backlog may not be indicative of trends in our future net revenues.   $453.0   million of total backlog is expected to be delivered over the next 12 months. The following table summarizes our backlog as of   October 1, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Available Liquidity 
  Total debt, the weighted-average interest rate, cash and cash equivalents and available credit facilities were as follows: 

In June 2015, we completed a new credit facility to replace the Existing Credit Facilities. The new credit facility consists of a $275.0 million senior secured term loan, which matures on June 26, 2020 ( New Term Loan ), and a $200.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility ( New Revolving Credit Facility ), which matures on June 26, 2020 (collectively, the  New Credit Facilities ). We are required to make mandatory prepayments of amounts outstanding under the New Term Loan. In addition, we retired all of the $200.0 million senior unsecured notes ( Existing Notes ) in July 2015. We drew down on the New Term Loan in the amount of $275.0 million. Along with the call notice amount and paying the call premium of $9.8 million, we also paid down the $65.0 million drawn on the New Revolving Credit Facility in the previous quarter. As of October 1, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants required under the New Credit Facilities. See Note 8 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further information. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

In October 2015, we entered into interest rate cap hedges designated as cash flow hedges with maturity dates of June 2020, and in aggregate, totaling $135.0 million of our debt. We paid a total of $1.0 million in connection with entering into the interest rate cap hedges. 
  We expect to spend a total of $18.0 million to $22.0 million for capital expenditures in 2016 financed by cash generated from operations, principally to support new contract awards at Structural Systems and Electronic Systems. As part of our strategic plan to become a Tier 2 supplier, additional up-front investment in tooling will be required for newer programs which have higher engineering content and higher levels of complexity in assemblies. 
  We continue to depend on operating cash flow and the availability of our New Revolving Credit Facility to provide short-term liquidity. Cash generated from operations and bank borrowing capacity is expected to provide sufficient liquidity to meet our obligations during the next twelve months. 
    
  Cash Flow Summary 
  Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   increased to   $27.5 million  , compared to   $12.1 million   in the nine months ended   October 3, 2015  . The higher net cash generated during the first nine months of 2016 was primarily due to higher net income as a result of lower interest expense and higher gross margin percentage partially offset by higher inventory. 
  Net cash provided by investing activities of   $42.6 million   for the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   was primarily due to proceeds from the divestiture of the Pittsburgh and Miltec operations, partially offset by capital expenditures, principally to support new contract awards in both Structural Systems and Electronic Systems. 
  Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   of   $66.1 million   was primarily due to net voluntary principal prepayments on our new credit facilities of $65.0 million primarily as a result of the proceeds received from divestiture of the Pittsburgh and Miltec operations during the current-year.  
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  Our off-balance sheet arrangements consist of operating leases and indemnities. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires estimation and judgment that affect the reported amounts of net revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. For a description of our critical accounting policies, please refer to  Critical Accounting Policies  in Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have been no material changes in any of our critical accounting policies during the three and nine months ended   October 1, 2016  . 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See  Part I, Item 1. Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements  for further information. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  Our main market risk exposure relates to changes in U.S. and U.K. interest rates on our outstanding long-term debt. At   October 1, 2016  , we had total borrowings of   $180.0 million   under our Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility that bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) the Eurodollar Rate (defined as LIBOR) plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.50% to 2.75% per year or (ii) the Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50%, [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] the Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00%) plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.50% to 1.75% per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in the interest rate would have an immaterial impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  The Company s chief executive officer ( CEO ) and chief financial officer ( CFO ) have conducted an evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of   October 1, 2016  . The Company had previously reported a material weakness in internal control over financial  
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

reporting related to the design and effective monitoring controls over the accuracy and appropriate classification of reported labor hours associated with contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method using units of delivery. This material weakness was described in Item 9A in the Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. As a result of the material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which was not remediated as of   October 1, 2016  , the CEO and CFO concluded the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of   October 1, 2016  . 
  Management s Remediation Activities 
  We are committed to remediating the control deficiencies that constitute the material weakness described above by implementing changes to our internal control over financial reporting. Our Chief Financial Officer is responsible for implementing changes and improvements in the internal control over financial reporting and for remediating the control deficiencies that gave rise to the material weakness. 
  Actions to be taken or in process consist of testing of our internal controls that have been implemented and address the ongoing review of the related labor distribution used in the estimates of anticipated costs used in the forward loss reserve analysis that have been implemented. 
  While significant progress has been made to enhance our internal control over financial reporting relating to the material weakness, additional time will be required to assess and ensure the sustainability of these processes and procedures. We expect to complete the planned remedial actions during 2016, however, we cannot make any assurances that such actions will be completed during 2016. Until the remediation steps set forth above are fully implemented and concluded to be operating effectively, the material weakness described above will continue to exist. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  Except as otherwise discussed above under  Management s Remediation Activities,  there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended   October 1, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  See Note 13 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for a description of our legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  See Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a discussion of our risk factors. There have been no material changes in the nine months ended   October 1, 2016   to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable. 
  
   30 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits 
           2.1  
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 3, 2011, among Ducommun Incorporated, DLBMS, Inc. and LaBarge, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2011. 
              2.2  
    Stock Purchase Agreement dated January 22, 2016, by and among Ducommun Incorporated, Ducommun LaBarge Technologies, Inc., as Seller, LaBarge Electronics, Inc., and Intervala, LLC, as Buyer. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K dated January 25, 2016. 
              2.3  
    Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 24, 2016, by and between Ducommun LaBarge Technologies, Inc., as Seller, and General Atomics, as Buyer. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K dated February 24, 2016. 
                  10.1  
    Credit Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2015, among Ducommun Incorporated, certain of its subsidiaries, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing bank, and other lenders party thereto. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated June 29, 2015. 
                     *10.9  
    Form of Key Executive Severance Agreement entered with five current executive officers of Ducommun. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K dated January 3, 2008. All of the Key Executive Severance Agreements are identical except for the name of the executive officer, the address for notice, and the date of the Agreement: 

31 

     Table of Contents  

*10.10 
    Form of Indemnity Agreement entered with all directors and officers of Ducommun. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1990. All of the Indemnity Agreements are identical except for the name of the director or officer and the date of the Agreement: 

31.1 
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
              31.2 
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
       101.SCH    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
  101.CAL    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
  101.DEF    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
  101.LAB    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
  101.PRE        XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
  ___________________ 
  * Indicates an executive compensation plan or arrangement. 

32 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                     Date: November 3, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Anthony J. Reardon 

Anthony J. Reardon 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 3, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Douglas L. Groves 

Douglas L. Groves 

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: November 3, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Christopher D. Wampler 

Christopher D. Wampler 

Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dco-q3201610xqex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Anthony J. Reardon, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the  registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   October 1, 2016  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f), and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 3, 2016    
               /s/ Anthony J. Reardon 
      Anthony J. Reardon 
      Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dco-q3201610xqxex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Douglas L. Groves, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the  registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   October 1, 2016  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 3, 2016    
               /s/ Douglas L. Groves 
      Douglas L. Groves 
      Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 dco-q3201610xqxex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32 
  Certification Pursuant to 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
  the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending   October 1, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Anthony J. Reardon, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
    /s/ Anthony J. Reardon 

Anthony J. Reardon 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

November 3, 2016 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending   October 1, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Douglas L. Groves, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
    /s/ Douglas L. Groves 

Douglas L. Groves 

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

November 3, 2016 

The foregoing certification is accompanying the Form 10-Q solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 dco-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dco-20161001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dco-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dco-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dco-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dco-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

