<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161221_10-Q_edgar_data_730255_0001206774-16-007837_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5076299</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>94119</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>323090</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1193330</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2218840</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1151815</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-16-007837.hdr.sgml : 20161221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161221161326
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-16-007837
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CalAmp Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730255
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				953647070
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12182
		FILM NUMBER:		162064091

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15635 ALTON PARKWAY, SUITE 250
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9496005600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15635 ALTON PARKWAY, SUITE 250
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CALIFORNIA AMPLIFIER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001206774-16-007837.txt : 20161221

10-Q
 1
 calamp29882139-10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549   
   Form 10-Q    
   (Mark
One)        
 
   For the transition period
from       to   
   COMMISSION FILE NUMBER:
0-12182       ________________     
   
   CALAMP
CORP.    (Exact name of Registrant as
specified in its Charter)   
  
   (949)
600-5600    (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

  ____________________ 
 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer 
and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer      
     
        Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

Smaller reporting
      company       

(Do not check if a
      smaller reporting company)   
         
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes            No      
  The number of shares
outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of December 15, 2016 was
35,412,382.   

PART I. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   
   ITEM 1. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   
   CALAMP
CORP.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS (Unaudited; amounts in thousands, except par value)   
 
  See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
  2  

CALAMP
CORP.   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited; in thousands, except per share
amounts)   
 
  See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
  3  

CALAMP
CORP.   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited; amounts in thousands)   
 
  See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
  4  

CALAMP
CORP.     NOTES TO UNAUDITED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED NOVEMBER 30,
2016 AND 2015    
   NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF
BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
   Description of Business
   
  CalAmp Corp. ( CalAmp  or
the  Company ) is a leading provider of wireless communications solutions for a
broad array of applications to customers globally. The Company s business
activities are organized into its Wireless DataCom and Satellite business
segments.   
  In March 2016, the Company
completed the acquisition of all outstanding shares of common stock of LoJack
Corporation ( LoJack ), a global leader in products and services for tracking
and recovering cars, trucks and other valuable mobile assets. See Note 2 for a
description of this acquisition.   
  Products of the Company's
Satellite segment were sold to EchoStar, an affiliate of Dish Network, for
incorporation into complete subscription satellite television systems. In April
2016, EchoStar notified the Company that it would stop purchasing products from
the Company at the end of its then-current product demand forecast as a result
of a consolidation of its supplier base. EchoStar s product demand forecast with
the Company extended through August 2016, and the products covered by this
forecast were substantially all shipped prior to August 31, 2016. In light of
the fact that EchoStar accounted for essentially all of the revenues of the
Satellite segment, the Company s Satellite business was shut down effective
August 31, 2016.   
  Certain notes and other
information included in the audited financial statements included in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K are condensed or omitted from the interim
financial statements presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Therefore,
these financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s 2016
Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on April 20, 2016.   
  In the opinion of the
Company s management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments)
considered necessary to present fairly the Company s financial position at
November 30, 2016 and its results of operations for the three and nine months
ended November 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for such periods are
not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full fiscal year.
  
  All significant
intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in
consolidation.  
   Revenue Recognition
   
  The Company recognizes
revenue from product sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collection
of the sales price is reasonably assured. Generally, for product sales that are
not bundled with an application service these criteria are met at the time
product is shipped, except for shipments made on the basis of  FOB Destination 
terms, in which case title transfers to the customer and the revenue is recorded
by the Company when the shipment reaches the customer. Customers generally do
not have a right of return except for defective products returned during the
warranty period. The Company records estimated commitments related to customer
incentive programs as reductions of revenues.   
  In addition to product
sales, the Company provides Software as a Service (SaaS) subscriptions for its
fleet management and vehicle telematics applications through which customers are
provided with the ability to wirelessly communicate with monitoring devices
installed in vehicles and other mobile or remote assets via software
applications hosted by the Company. Generally, the Company defers the
recognition of revenue for the products that are sold with application
subscriptions because the products are not functional without the application
services. In such circumstances, the associated product costs are recorded as
deferred costs in the balance sheet. The deferred product revenue and deferred
product cost amounts are amortized to application subscriptions revenue and cost
of revenue on a straight-line basis over minimum contractual subscription
periods of one to five years. Revenues from renewals of data communication
services after the initial contract term are recognized as application
subscriptions revenue when the services are provided. When customers prepay
application subscription renewals, such amounts are recorded as deferred
revenues and are recognized ratably over the renewal term.  
  5  

In the United States, the
Company generally recognizes revenue on LoJack product sales that have no
associated continuing service obligations on the part of the Company upon
installation of the products. Revenue relating to sales made to the Company s
third party installation partners, who purchase the Company s products and
perform installations themselves, is recognized upon shipment, which is prior to
the installation of the related products in the end user s vehicle. Revenue from
the sales of products to international licensees is recognized upon shipment of
the products to the licensee or when payment becomes reasonably assured,
whichever is later.  
  In Italy, the purchase of
an initial vehicle monitoring service contract is a requirement at the time the
consumer purchases a LoJack product. Revenue is recognized over the life of the
contract. These contracts, which are sold separately from the LoJack hardware,
are offered for terms ranging from 8 to 96 months and are generally payable in
full upon activation of the related unit or renewal of a previous contract.
Customers are also offered a month-to-month option for service contracts.
  
  The Company offers several
types of extended warranty contracts in the United States related to its LoJack
products. For those contracts for which an independent third party insurer, and
not the Company, is the primary obligor, the Company recognizes revenue at the
time of the sale of the warranty. For those warranty contracts to which the
Company is the primary obligor, revenue is deferred and is recognized over five
years, which is the estimated life of new vehicle ownership. For the majority of
extended warranty contracts originated after 2011, the Company recognizes
revenue at the time of sale.   
  For those warranties for
which an independent third party insurer, and not the Company, is the primary
obligor, the Company records revenue on a gross basis, with related costs being
included in cost of goods sold. The Company considered the factors associated
with gross vs. net revenue recording and determined that despite not being the
primary obligor for the majority of these arrangements, gross revenue reporting
was appropriate based on the relevant accounting guidance. Specifically, the
Company has latitude in establishing price; it can change the product offering;
it has discretion in supplier selection; it is involved in the determination of
product or service specifications; it bears the credit risk; and the amount that
it earns on each contract is not fixed.  
   Cash and Cash
Equivalents    
  The Company considers all
highly liquid investments with remaining maturities at date of purchase of three
months or less to be cash equivalents.   
   Fair Value
Measurements   
  The Company applies fair
value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial
assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the
financial statements. The Company defines fair value as the price that would be
received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
manner in an arms-length transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy,
which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and
bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input
that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:  
   Level 1      Quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities.   
   Level 2      Observable inputs other than quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are
observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
the full term of the assets or liabilities.  
   Level 3      Inputs that are generally unobservable and
typically reflect management s estimate of assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability.  
  In accordance with the fair
value accounting requirements, companies may choose to measure eligible
financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The Company has
elected the fair value option for its investment in marketable
securities on a contract-by-contract basis at the time each contract is
initially recognized in the financial statements or upon an event that gives
rise to a new basis of accounting for the items.  
  6  

Foreign Currency
Translation and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Account    
  A cumulative foreign
currency translation loss of $406,000 related to the Company s foreign
subsidiaries is included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the
stockholders  equity section of the consolidated balance sheet at November 30,
2016. The aggregate foreign currency transaction exchange rate losses included
in determining income (loss) before income taxes and equity in net loss of
affiliate were $173,000 and $31,000 in the nine months ended November 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively.   
   Recently Issued
Accounting Standards    
  
In June, 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses.  This update amends the FASB s guidance on the impairment of financial instruments.  Under the new guidance, an entity recognizes as an allowance its estimate of expected credit losses, which the FASB believes will result in more timely recognition of such losses.  This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019.  Early adoption will be permitted.  The Company does not anticipate a significant impact on the financial statements upon adoption.

In March 2016, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting ( ASU 2016-09 ). This update is intended to simplify the
accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for
income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as
classification in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update are
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of adoption of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements.
  
  In February 2016, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases. The new standard establishes
a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a
lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12
months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with the
classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income
statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A
modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital
and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the
earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain
practical expedients available. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adoption of the new standard on its
consolidated financial statements.   
  In January 2016, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall:
Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ( ASU
2016-01 ). This standard revises an entity s accounting related to (1) the
classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the
presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at
fair value. It also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the
fair value of financial instruments. Under the new guidance, entities will have
to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not
accounted for under the equity method at fair value and recognize any changes in
fair value in net income unless the investments qualify for the new practicality
exception. ASU 2016-01 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its
consolidated financial statements.   
  In May 2014, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ). The revenue recognition standard provides a five-step
analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The
core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those
goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date, which deferred the
effective date of this revenue standard for periods beginning after December 15,
2016 to December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted but not earlier than
the original effective date. ASU 2014-09 must be applied retrospectively to each
period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of
adoption. The Company is continuing to evaluate the effect and methodology of
adopting this accounting standard on its results of operations, cash flows and
financial position.   
  In April 2014, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued
Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity ( ASU
2014-08 ). This update amends the definition of a discontinued operation, and
requires additional disclosures about discontinued operations, as well as
disposal transactions that do not meet the discontinued operations criteria.
Under this new guidance, only disposals of a component representing a strategic
shift in operations that has or will have a major impact on the Company s operations or
financial results should be classified as discontinued operations. The effective
date of this standard was March 1, 2015. See Note 15 which describes the effect
of the adoption of this standard.  
  7  

Reclassifications
   
  Certain amounts in the
financial statements of prior years have been reclassified to conform to the
fiscal 2017 presentation, with no effect on net earnings.   
   NOTE 2   LOJACK
ACQUISITION    
  In March 2016, the Company
completed the acquisition of all outstanding shares of common stock of LoJack.
As a result of the acquisition, LoJack became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
CalAmp and is consolidated with the Company s financial statements beginning
March 15, 2016 as a component of the Company s Wireless DataCom business
segment. The Company funded the acquisition from cash on hand. The total
purchase price was $131.7 million, which included the $5.5 million fair value of
the 850,100 shares of LoJack common stock that CalAmp purchased in the open
market in November and December 2015, prior to entering into a definitive
acquisition agreement with LoJack.   
  Pursuant to the Company's
business combinations accounting policy, the Company estimated the preliminary
fair values of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, and the excess of
the consideration transferred over the aggregate of such fair values was
recorded as goodwill. The preliminary fair values of net tangible assets and
intangible assets acquired were based upon preliminary valuations. The Company's
estimates and assumptions reflected in such preliminary valuations are subject
to change within the measurement period, which is up to one year from the
acquisition date. The primary areas that remain preliminary relate to the fair
values of intangible assets acquired, certain tangible assets and liabilities
acquired, certain legal matters, deferred income taxes and goodwill. The Company
expects to continue to obtain information to assist in determining the fair
values of the net assets acquired during the remainder of the measurement
period. The following is the preliminary purchase price allocation for LoJack
(in thousands):   

The Company paid a premium
(i.e., goodwill) over the fair value of the net tangible and identified
intangible assets acquired. The Company believes the acquisition aligns with its
strategy to deliver innovative, next generation connected vehicle telematics
technologies, thereby accelerating the Company s strategic roadmap in this large
and fast growing market. Furthermore, the Company believes that combining
CalAmp's leading portfolio of wireless connectivity devices, software, services
and applications with LoJack s world-renowned brand, proprietary stolen vehicle
recovery product, unique law enforcement network and strong relationships with
auto dealers, heavy equipment providers and global licensees will create a
market leader that is well-positioned to drive the broad adoption of
connected vehicle telematics technologies and applications worldwide. The
combined enterprise offers customers access to integrated, turnkey offerings
that enable a multitude of high value applications encompassing vehicle security
and enhanced driver safety. Furthermore, the combination of CalAmp s and
LoJack s technology offerings is expected to provide global customers with
connected vehicle applications to help ensure that retail auto dealers remain
competitive and relevant in today s rapidly evolving markets.  
  8  

The goodwill arising from
the LoJack acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes.   
  The fair value of the
LoJack trade receivables at March 15, 2016 was $21.2 million, comprised of a
gross contractual amount of $22.3 million net of receivables of $1.1 million not
expected to be collected.   
  In connection with the
acquisition of LoJack, the Company has assumed liabilities related to quality
assurance programs, warranty claims and contract obligations which are included
in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the purchase price
allocation described above. The fair value of inventories acquired included a
purchase accounting fair market value step-up of $4.6 million. In the nine
months ended November 30, 2016, the Company recognized $4.3 million of this
markup as a component of cost of revenues that reflects the extent to which the
inventory that was subject to step-up was sold to the Company s customers in
such period. Included in inventory as of November 30, 2016 was $0.3 million
relating to the remaining fair value step-up associated with the LoJack
acquisition.  
  In August 2016, the Company
received an independent appraisal of LoJack s property and equipment, which
resulted in a purchase accounting fair market value step-up of $2.6 million. In
the nine months ended November 30, 2016, the Company recognized $0.5 million of
this markup as a component of cost of revenues and operating expenses that
reflects the extent to which the property, equipment and improvements that were
subject to the step-up were depreciated.  
  Acquisition and
integration-related costs of $0.6 million and $4.2 million were included in
selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Company's statements of
comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended November 30,
2016.   
  Revenues of LoJack included
in the consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended
November 30, 2016 were $29.9 million and $89.7 million, respectively.
Post-acquisition earnings of LoJack on a standalone basis are impracticable to
determine, because immediately following the acquisition CalAmp began to
integrate LoJack into its existing operations.   
  The following is unaudited
pro forma consolidated financial information for the Company presented as if the
acquisition of LoJack had occurred on March 1, 2015, the beginning of the
Company s prior fiscal year.  

  (in
      thousands except per share amounts)  

9  

The following adjustments
were included in the unaudited pro forma financial information (in thousands):

The pro forma consolidated
financial information is not necessarily indicative of what the Company's actual
results of operations would have been had LoJack been included in the Company's
historical consolidated financial statements for each of the nine month periods
ended November 30, 2016 and 2015. In addition, the pro forma consolidated
financial information does not attempt to project the future results of
operations of the combined company.   
   NOTE 3   CASH, CASH
EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS    
  The following tables
summarize the Company s financial instrument assets as of November 30, 2016 and
February 29, 2016 using the hierarchy described in Note 1 under the heading
 Fair Value Measurements  (in thousands):  

10  

(1)         
      The
      Company has established a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for
      certain members of management and all non-employee directors. The Company
      is informally funding its obligations under the deferred compensation plan
      by purchasing shares in various equity, bond and money market mutual funds
      that are held in a  Rabbi Trust  and are restricted for payment of
      obligations to plan participants. The deferred compensation plan liability
      is included in Other Non-current Liabilities in the accompanying
      consolidated balance sheets.   

(2)  
      The equity
      investment in LoJack s French licensee, in the form of a publicly-traded
      common stock, is accounted for as an available-for-sale security and is
      valued at the quoted closing price on its market exchange. The related
      unrealized gains or losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive
      income (loss) in the stockholders  equity section of the consolidated
      balance sheet.   

(3)  
      The
      Company purchased 850,100 shares of LoJack common stock in the open market
      in November and December 2015, prior to entering into a definitive
      agreement to acquire 100% of LoJack s common stock. These shares were
      considered trading securities and were recorded at fair value as of
      February 29, 2016.    
   NOTE 4 - INVENTORIES
   
  Inventories consist of the
following (in thousands):   

11  

NOTE 5   GOODWILL AND
OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS    
  All goodwill shown in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets is associated with the Company s
Wireless DataCom segment. Changes in goodwill are as follows (in thousands):

Other intangible assets are
comprised as follows (in thousands):   
  
  Estimated future
amortization expense is as follows (in thousands):   

NOTE 6   OTHER ASSETS
   
  Other assets consist of the
following (in thousands):   

Included in the assets of
the LoJack acquisition are investments in international licensees at the
preliminary valuation of $2,256,000 consisting of a 12.5% equity interest in
LoJack s Mexican licensee of $1,541,000, a 17.5% equity interest in LoJack s
Benelux licensee of $500,000, and a 5.5% interest in LoJack s French licensee of
$215,000. The Company has not yet obtained all information required to complete
the valuation of the Mexican and Benelux investments. The investment in LoJack s
French licensee, in the form of a marketable equity security, is accounted for
as an available-for-sale security and is valued at the quoted closing price on
its market exchange as of the reporting date.  
  12  

The equity investment and
loans to the Company s UK affiliate of $1,407,000 include a 49% equity interest
in and loans to Smart Driver Club Limited. The investment is accounted for under
the equity method since the Company has significant influence over the investee.
The Company s equity in the net loss of this affiliate amounted to $1.0 million
for the nine months ended November 30, 2016. The Company made loans aggregating
$1.4 million denominated in British pounds to Smart Driver Club Limited bearing
interest at an annual interest rate of 8%, with principal of  1.0 million and
all unpaid interest due in 2020.   
  LoJack became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in March 2016, at which time the
investment in LoJack common stock of $5.5 million as of February 29, 2016 became
part of the purchase price of the LoJack acquisition, as described in Note 2.
  
   NOTE 7 - FINANCING
ARRANGEMENTS    
   Bank Credit Facility
   
  The Company has a credit
facility with Square 1 Bank that provides for borrowings up to $15 million or
85% of eligible accounts receivable, whichever is less. The credit facility
expires on March 1, 2017. Borrowings under this line of credit bear interest at
the bank s prime rate. There were no borrowings outstanding under this credit
facility at November 30, 2016 or February 29, 2016.  
  The bank credit facility
contains financial covenants that require the Company to maintain a minimum
level of earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and
other noncash charges (EBITDA) and a minimum debt coverage ratio, both measured
monthly on a rolling 12-month basis. At November 30, 2016, the Company was in
compliance with its debt covenants under the credit facility.  
   1.625% Convertible
Senior Unsecured Notes    
  As of November 30, 2016,
the Company had $172.5 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior
unsecured notes (the  Notes ) outstanding. The Notes are senior unsecured
obligations of the Company and bear interest at a rate of 1.625% per year
payable in cash on May 15 and November 15 of each year beginning on November 15,
2015. The Notes will mature on May 15, 2020 unless earlier converted or
repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Company may not redeem the Notes
prior to their stated maturity date. The Notes will be convertible into cash,
shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of
common stock, at the Company s election, based on an initial conversion rate of
36.2398 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is
equivalent to an initial conversion price of $27.594 per share of common stock,
subject to customary adjustments. Holders may convert their Notes at their
option at any time prior to November 15, 2019 upon the occurrence of certain
events in the future, as defined in the indenture agreement dated May 6, 2015
(the  Indenture ). During the period from November 15, 2019 to May 13, 2020,
holders may convert all or any portion of their Notes regardless of the
foregoing conditions. The Company s intent is to settle the principal amount of
the Notes in cash upon conversion. If the conversion value exceeds the Note
principal amount, the Company would deliver shares of its common stock in
respect to the remainder of its conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate
principal amount (the  conversion spread ). The shares associated with the
conversion spread, if any, would be included in the denominator for the
computation of diluted earnings per share, with such shares calculated using the
average closing price of the Company s common stock during each period. As of
November 30, 2016, none of the conditions allowing holders of the Notes to
convert have been met.   
  If the Company undergoes a
fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), holders of the Notes may
require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a repurchase price of 100% of
the principal amount of the Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
to but not including the fundamental change repurchase date.  
  In addition, following
certain corporate events that occur prior to maturity, the Company will increase
the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection
with such a corporate event in certain circumstances. In such event, an
aggregate of up to 2.5 million additional shares of common stock could be issued
upon conversions in connection with such corporate events, subject to adjustment
in the same manner as the conversion rate.  
  13  

Balances attributable to
the Notes consist of the following (in thousands):   

The Notes are carried at
their principal amount, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs, and
are not carried at fair value at each period end. The issuance date fair value
of the liability component of the Notes in the amount of $138.9 million was
determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, in which the projected
interest and principal payments were discounted back to the issuance date of the
Notes at a market interest rate for nonconvertible debt of 6.2%, which
represents a Level 3 fair value measurement. The debt discount of $33.6 million
is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method with
an effective interest rate of 6.2% over the period from the issuance date
through the contractual maturity date of the Notes of May 15, 2020. The
approximate fair value of the Notes as of November 30, 2016 was $166 million,
which was estimated on the basis of inputs that are observable in the market and
which is considered a Level 2 measurement method in the fair value hierarchy.
  
  See Note 14 for information
related to interest expense on the Notes.   
   NOTE 8 - INCOME TAXES
   
  Deferred income taxes
reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and for income tax
purposes. The Company evaluates the realizability of its deferred income tax
assets and a valuation allowance is provided, as necessary. In assessing this
valuation allowance, the Company reviews historical and future expected
operating results and other factors, including its recent cumulative earnings
experience, expectations of future taxable income by taxing jurisdiction and the
carryforward periods available for tax reporting purposes, to determine whether
it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are realizable.   
  The Company files income
tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. states and Puerto
Rico, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Brazil, Mexico,
Uruguay and New Zealand. Income tax returns filed for fiscal year 2011 and
earlier are not subject to examination by U.S. federal and state tax
authorities. Certain income tax returns for fiscal years 2012 through 2016
remain open to examination by U.S. federal and state tax authorities. However,
to the extent allowed by law, the tax authorities may have the right to examine
prior periods in which net operating losses or tax credits were generated and
carried forward, and to make adjustments up to the net operating loss or tax
credit carryforward amount. Income tax returns for fiscal years 2013 through
2016 remain open to examination by tax authorities in Canada, United Kingdom,
Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Brazil, Mexico, Uruguay, New Zealand, and Puerto
Rico.  
   NOTE 9 - EARNINGS PER
SHARE    
  Basic earnings per share is
computed by dividing net income for the period by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is
computed by dividing net income for the period by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period, plus the dilutive effect of
outstanding stock options and restricted stock-based awards using the treasury
stock method. The following table sets forth the composition of weighted average
shares used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in
thousands):  
 
  14   

All outstanding options and
restricted stock units in the amount of 995,000 and 1,266,000, respectively, at November 30, 2016 were excluded from the computation
of diluted earnings per share for the three and nine month periods then ended
because the Company reported a net loss and the effect of inclusion would be
antidilutive. Shares subject to anti-dilutive stock options and restricted
stock-based awards of 242,000 at November 30, 2015 were excluded from the
calculations of diluted earnings per share for the three and nine month periods
then ended.  
  The Company has the option
to pay cash, issue shares of common stock or any combination thereof for the
aggregate amount due upon conversion of the Notes. The Company s intent is to
settle the principal amount of the Notes in cash upon conversion. As a result,
only the shares issuable for the conversion value, if any, in excess of the
principal amounts of the Notes would be included in diluted earnings per share.
From the time of the issuance of Notes, the average market price of the
Company s common stock has been less than the $27.594 initial conversion price
of the Notes, and consequently no shares have been included in diluted earnings
per share for the conversion value of the Notes.   
   NOTE 10   COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME    
  Comprehensive income
consists of two components, net income (loss) and other comprehensive income
(loss) ( OCI ). OCI refers to revenue, expenses and gains and losses that under
U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) are recorded as an element
of stockholders  equity but are excluded from net income (loss). The Company s
OCI consists of foreign currency translation adjustments from those subsidiaries
not using the U.S. dollar as their functional currency and unrealized gains and
losses on marketable securities classified as available-for-sale.   
  The following table shows
the changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss by component for the nine
months ended November 30, 2016 (in thousands):   

NOTE 11   STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY    
   Stock Repurchase
   
  In June 2016, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program, under which the
Company may repurchase up to $25 million of its outstanding shares of common
stock. Under the stock repurchase program, the Company may repurchase shares in
open market purchases in accordance with all applicable securities laws and
regulations, including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. The extent to which CalAmp repurchases its shares, and the timing of
such repurchases, will depend upon a variety of factors, including market
conditions, regulatory requirements and other corporate considerations, as
determined by CalAmp s management team. The repurchase program may be suspended
or discontinued at any time. The Company expects to finance the purchases with
existing cash balances.   
  During the nine months
ended November 30, 2016, the Company repurchased 1.6 million shares of its
common stock at an average share cost of $14.10, including commissions. The
total cost of the stock repurchases during the nine months ended November 30,
2016 was $21.9 million. All of the stock repurchases were paid for as of
November 30, 2016. All common stock repurchased was retired as of November 30,
2016. Of the $25 million authorized for stock repurchases, $3.1 million was
remaining as of November 30, 2016.  
  15  

Equity Awards
   
  Stock-based compensation
expense is included in the following captions of the unaudited consolidated
statements of comprehensive income (loss) (in thousands):   

Changes in the Company s
outstanding stock options during the nine months ended November 30, 2016 were as
follows (options in thousands):   

Changes in the Company s
outstanding restricted stock shares, performance stock units ( PSUs ) and
restricted stock units ( RSUs ) during the nine months ended November 30, 2016
were as follows (shares, PSUs and RSUs in thousands):   

During the nine months
ended November 30, 2016, the Company retained 110,815 shares of vested
restricted stock and RSUs to satisfy the minimum required statutory amount of
employee withholding taxes.   
  As of November 30, 2016,
there was $19.1 million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost
related to outstanding nonvested equity awards that is expected to be recognized
as expense over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of 3.0 years.
  
  16  

NOTE 12 - CONCENTRATION
OF RISK    
  One Wireless DataCom
customer in the heavy equipment industry accounted for 8% and 15% of
consolidated accounts receivable at November 30, 2016 and February 29, 2016,
respectively.  
  The Company has contract
manufacturing arrangements with sole source suppliers for LoJack stolen vehicle
recovery products and transmission towers. As of November 30, 2016, one such
supplier accounted for 11% of the Company s total inventory purchases in the
nine months ended November 30, 2016, and 12% of the Company s total accounts
payable. Some of the Company s other components, assemblies and electronic
manufacturing services are also purchased from sole source suppliers. In
addition, a substantial portion of the Company s inventory is purchased from one
supplier that functions as an independent foreign procurement agent and contract
manufacturer. This supplier accounted for 37% and 55% of the Company s total
inventory purchases in the nine months ended November 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. As of November 30, 2016, this supplier accounted for 34% of the
Company s total accounts payable. Another supplier accounted for 13% and 16% of
the Company s total inventory purchases in the nine months ended November 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, and 18% of the Company s total accounts payable as
of November 30, 2016.   
   NOTE 13 - PRODUCT
WARRANTIES    
  The Company generally
warrants its products against defects over periods ranging from 12 to 24 months.
An accrual for estimated future costs relating to products returned under
warranty is recorded as an expense when products are shipped. At the end of each
fiscal quarter, the Company adjusts its liability for warranty claims based on
its actual warranty claims experience as a percentage of revenues for the
preceding one to two years and also considers the impact of the known
operational issues that may have a greater impact than historical trends. The
warranty reserve is included in Other Current Liabilities in the unaudited
consolidated balance sheets. Activity in the accrued warranty costs liability
for the nine months ended November 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows (in
thousands):   

In September 2014, LoJack
commenced a quality assurance program in the U.S. related to a battery
performance issue in self-powered LoJack units under base or extended warranty.
LoJack also entered into agreements to support quality assurance programs with
all major international licensees that identified performance issues in certain
self-powered units equipped with the battery pack. At November 30, 2016, the
Company had a reserve of $0.8 million, which is included in the accrued warranty
costs liability, for certain costs associated with this program in the U.S.,
quality assurance programs in other countries and markets, and other business
concessions related to the battery performance matter as further described in
Note 16. CalAmp anticipates that the U.S. quality assurance program will be
completed by the end of fiscal 2018.  
  17  

NOTE 14   OTHER
FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
   Supplemental Balance
Sheet Information    
  Other non-current
liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):   

The acquisition-related
contingent consideration is comprised of the estimated earn-out payable to the
sellers in conjunction with the Company s April 2015 acquisition of
Crashboxx.  
   Supplemental Statements
of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Information    
  Investment income consists
of the following (in thousands):   

Interest expense consists
of the following (in thousands):   

Supplemental Cash Flow
Information   
   Net cash provided by
operating activities  includes cash payments for interest and income taxes as
follows (in thousands):   

18  

Following is the
supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities (in
thousands):   

NOTE 15 - SEGMENT
INFORMATION    
  Segment information for the
three and nine months ended November 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows (dollars in
thousands):  

The Company considers
operating income to be a primary measure of operating performance of its
business segments. The amount shown for each period in the  Corporate Expenses 
column above consists of expenses that are not allocated to the business
segments. These non-allocated corporate expenses include salaries and benefits
of certain corporate staff and expenses such as audit fees, investor relations,
stock listing fees, director and officer liability insurance, and director fees
and expenses.  
  Products of the Company's
Satellite segment were sold to EchoStar. In August 2016, EchoStar ceased
purchasing products from CalAmp and the Satellite business was shut down
effective August 31, 2016. Historically, shared service expenses for accounting,
human resources, information technology and legal administration have been
allocated to the two reporting segments. Any such shared expenses that will not
be eliminated in future periods as a result of the shutdown of the Satellite
business have been reclassified in the segment information for all periods
presented above from the Satellite segment to the Wireless DataCom segment, with
no effect on total operating income.   
  In fiscal 2016 and the
fiscal 2017 nine month period to November 30, 2016, Satellite segment revenues
accounted for only 14% and 6%, respectively, of the Company s consolidated
revenues. After giving retroactive effect to the reclassification of general and
administration expense from the Satellite segment to the Wireless DataCom
segment for shared service expenses that will not be eliminated as a result of
the Satellite business shutdown, Satellite segment operating income in fiscal
2016 and the fiscal 2017 nine month period represented 23% and 14%,
respectively, of total business unit operating income, excluding corporate
expenses not allocated to the business units of $6,480,000 and $7,129,000 in
fiscal 2016 and the fiscal 2017 nine month period, respectively. Also, as a
result of transitioning the Satellite business to a variable cost operating
model in fiscal 2012, in which all Satellite product manufacturing was moved to
a contract manufacturer, assets and liabilities of the Satellite segment
represented only about 2% of consolidated assets and liabilities at the end of
fiscal 2016. Accordingly, the Company believes that the shutdown of the
Satellite segment does not qualify for discontinued operations accounting
treatment because it represents neither a strategic shift nor did it have or
will it have a major impact on the Company s business or consolidated financial
statements.  
  19  

NOTE 16 - COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES    
   Lease Commitments
   
  A summary of future
payments of operating lease commitments is as follows (dollars in thousands):

Legal Proceedings
   
    Omega patent
infringement claim     
   
  In December 2013, a patent
infringement lawsuit was filed against the Company by Omega Patents, LLC,
( Omega ), a non-practicing entity. Omega alleged that certain of the Company s
vehicle tracking products infringed on certain patents asserted by Omega. On
February 24, 2016, a jury in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of
Florida awarded Omega damages of $2.9 million, for which CalAmp recorded a full
reserve in the fiscal 2016 fourth quarter. Following trial, Omega brought a
motion seeking entry of judgment, an injunction and requesting the court to
exercise its discretion to treble damages and assess attorneys  fees. The
Company filed an opposition to Omega s motion, and the judge s ruling has not
yet been rendered. Motions for judgment as a matter of law and a new trial have
not yet been filed because no judgment has been entered. If, following
resolution of all post-trial motions, judgment is ultimately entered in Omega s
favor, CalAmp intends to pursue an appeal at the Court of Appeals for the
Federal Circuit. In addition to its appeal, CalAmp is seeking to invalidate a
number of Omega s patents in actions filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office. Notwithstanding the adverse jury verdict, the Company continues to
believe that its products do not infringe Omega s patents and that Omega s
patents are not valid, and accordingly CalAmp intends to continue pursuing its
judicial and administrative options. While it is not feasible to predict with a
high degree of certainty the outcome of this litigation, its ultimate resolution
could be material to CalAmp s cash flows and results of operations. Furthermore,
if an injunction is issued by the court, the Company could be prevented from
manufacturing and selling a number of its products, which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows.  
    Orbcomm patent
infringement claim    
  On April 7, 2016, a patent
infringement lawsuit was filed against the Company by Orbcomm Inc. ( Orbcomm )
in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Orbcomm alleged
that certain of the Company s systems for tracking, monitoring, and controlling
vehicles, machinery, and other assets infringed five patents asserted by
Orbcomm. Through its suit, Orbcomm seeks compensatory damages, treble damages,
and an injunction. On October 19, 2016, pursuant to the Company s motion, filed
May 27, 2016, the Court dismissed Orbcomm s claims under one of the five patents
because such patent was found to be directed at ineligible subject matter and
therefore invalid under 35 U.S.C.   101. Since then, Orbcomm has dismissed its
claims under three of the four other asserted patents. Accordingly, only one of
the five originally asserted patents remains at issue in the suit, U.S. Patent
No. 6,611,686. Orbcomm s damages claim on this remaining patent is approximately
$3.6 million through May 31, 2017. The Company believes that its products and
services do not infringe this patent and that the patent is invalid. In
addition, the Company alleges that this patent is unenforceable due to
inequitable conduct committed by Orbcomm when it revived the asserted patent
claims in the Patent Office after they had been invalidated by another district
court. In response to these allegations, Orbcomm then filed a motion to dismiss
CalAmp s inequitable conduct counterclaim and to strike CalAmp s inequitable
conduct defense. On September 9, 2016, the
court denied Orbcomm s motion to dismiss and strike. Thereafter, CalAmp filed
its own patent infringement suit against Orbcomm in the U.S. District Court for
the Eastern District of Virginia, asserting that Orbcomm is infringing two of
CalAmp s patents, U.S. Patent Nos. 6,151,355 and 6,850,839. At this early stage
of the lawsuit, it is not feasible to predict with any certainty the outcome of
this litigation, and the Company has made no accrual for this claim.  
  20  

EVE battery
claim    
  LoJack was notified in 2013
by some of its international licensees that some of the batteries manufactured
by LoJack s former battery supplier, EVE Energy Co., Ltd. ( EVE ), and included
in self-powered LoJack units these licensees had purchased from LoJack,
exhibited degraded performance below LoJack s quality standards. These
notifications led LoJack to perform its own investigation. As a result of this
investigation, LoJack confirmed that batteries manufactured by EVE that were
included in certain self-powered LoJack units sold in the United States and to
LoJack s international licensees were exhibiting a failure to power over a
period of time that could impact the ability of the LoJack unit to transmit a
signal when called upon for stolen vehicle recovery. LoJack manufactures both
vehicle and self-powered (battery) units and this degraded performance
potentially affects only the transmit battery pack in the self-powered units. As
of the date of this report, the majority of LoJack units in circulation are
vehicle powered.   
  LoJack has incurred, and
expects to continue to incur, costs and expenses related to the actions that it
decided to take to address this matter. These costs and expenses may include,
among others, those related to quality assurance programs, product or battery
replacements, warranty claims, extension of product warranties, legal and other
professional fees, litigation, and payments or other business concessions to
LoJack s customers. Because of the ongoing nature of this matter, the Company
cannot predict what other actions will be required, nor can it predict the
outcome nor estimate the possible loss or range of loss with respect to any such
actions. See Note 13 for the accrued warranty cost liability related to this
matter.   
  LoJack filed a formal claim
under its relevant insurance policy and was paid $5,000,000.   
  On October 27, 2014, LoJack
and its wholly-owned subsidiary LoJack Ireland commenced arbitration proceedings
against EVE by filing a notice of arbitration with a tribunal of with the Hong
Kong International Arbitration Centre (the  Tribunal ). The filing alleges that
EVE breached representations and warranties made in a supply agreement relating
to the quality and performance of batteries supplied by EVE. The arbitration
proceedings against EVE were held in Hong Kong on June 6 to 24, 2016. The
Tribunal held an additional hearing on September 15 to 16, 2016, and the
Tribunal has scheduled an additional hearing for January 9 to 10, 2017, focused
on damages. The Company cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the arbitration
proceedings or the amount of damages, if any, that the Company may be awarded by
the Tribunal.   
  In addition to the
foregoing matters, from time to time as a normal consequence of doing business,
various claims and litigation may be asserted or commenced against the Company.
In particular, the Company in the ordinary course of business may receive claims
concerning contract performance, or claims that its products or services
infringe the intellectual property of third parties. While the outcome of any
such claims or litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, management does
not believe that the outcome of any of such matters existing at the present time
would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows.   
  21  

LoJack Financing
Recourse Agreement    
  LoJack s financing recourse
agreement to certain automobile dealers represents the maximum potential amount
of future payments under an agreement with a certain financing company. Pursuant
to the recourse agreement, the Company will reimburse participating dealers the
unamortized dealer cost of LoJack units purchased by customers via auto loans
underwritten by the financing company upon a borrower s default within the
initial 18 months of the auto loan. This agreement was renewed for the year
ending December 31, 2016. Based on the unamortized cost of units sold and
assuming the default of all borrowers, the Company s maximum potential amount of
future payments under this agreement is $4.2 million as of November 30, 2016.
The expected obligation is accrued based on sales to the participating dealers
and historical loss experience. As of November 30, 2016, the Company had accrued
$81,000 under these guarantees. Accruals for the financing recourse agreement
are recorded as a reduction of revenue in the consolidated statement of
operations.   

ITEM
      2.     
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
      RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  The Company s discussion
and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon
the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues, costs and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results
could differ materially from these estimates. The critical accounting policies
listed below involve the Company s more significant accounting judgments and
estimates that are used in the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements. These policies are described in greater detail in Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
( MD A ) under Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended February 29, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on April 20, 2016, and include the following areas:   

Allowance for
      doubtful accounts;    

Inventory
      write-downs;    

Product
      warranties;    

Deferred income tax
      assets and uncertain tax positions;    

Impairment
      assessments of goodwill, purchased intangible assets and other long-lived
      assets;    

Stock-based
      compensation expense; and    

Revenue
      recognition.     
   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
   
   OUR COMPANY
   
  The Company is a leading
provider of wireless communications products, services and solutions for a broad
array of applications to customers globally. The Company s business activities
are organized into our Wireless DataCom and Satellite business segments. As
discussed below, the Satellite segment was shut down effective August 31, 2016.
  
   WIRELESS
DATACOM   
  The Company s Wireless
DataCom segment offers an extensive portfolio of intelligent communications
devices, a scalable cloud service platform, and targeted software applications
to streamline otherwise complex Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and connected vehicle
deployments. In March 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of LoJack.
LoJack focuses on providing a differentiated range of connected vehicle
solutions including the industry s benchmark system for effective stolen vehicle
recovery. CalAmp products, services and solutions enable customers to optimize
their operations by collecting, monitoring and efficiently reporting business
critical data and desired intelligence from high-value mobile and remote
assets.  
  22  

SATELLITE   
  Up to and including the
quarter ended August 31, 2016, products of the Company's Satellite segment were
sold to EchoStar, an affiliate of Dish Network, for incorporation into complete
subscription Direct Broadcast Satellite ( DBS ) television systems. From fiscal
2000 through fiscal 2007, the Satellite segment represented CalAmp s core
business, reaching a concentration peak in fiscal 2004 when it accounted for 94%
of the Company s consolidated revenue. To diversify away from the Company s
dependence on the lower margin U.S. DBS products industry, during a 36 month
period beginning in April 2004, the Company consummated six business and product
line acquisitions to grow its Wireless DataCom business. As a result of these
and subsequent acquisitions and organic growth in this segment, combined with a
substantial decline in sales to EchoStar as a result of a DBS product
performance issue in fiscal 2008, Wireless DataCom revenues surpassed Satellite
revenues for the first time in fiscal 2008, and from that year through fiscal
2016 Wireless DataCom annual revenues have ranged between two and six times the
amount of Satellite segment revenues, with the exception of the
recession-impacted fiscal 2010.  
  In April 2016, EchoStar
notified the Company that it would stop purchasing products from the Company at
the end of its then-current product demand forecast as a result of a
consolidation of its supplier base. EchoStar s product demand forecast with
CalAmp extended through August 2016, and the products covered by this forecast
were substantially all shipped prior to August 31, 2016. In light of the fact
that EchoStar accounted for essentially all of the revenues of the Satellite
segment, and it was not considered feasible to resume doing business with
DirecTV, the only other DBS service provider in the U.S. that CalAmp last sold
product to in fiscal 2009, the Company s Satellite business was shut down
effective August 31, 2016.   
  In fiscal 2016 and the
fiscal 2017 nine month period, Satellite segment revenues accounted for only 14%
and 6%, respectively, of the Company s consolidated revenues. After giving
retroactive effect to the reclassification of general and administration expense
from the Satellite segment to the Wireless DataCom segment for shared service
expenses that will not be eliminated as a result of the Satellite business
shutdown, Satellite segment operating income in fiscal 2016 and the fiscal 2017
nine month period represented 23% and 14%, respectively, of total business unit
operating income, excluding corporate expenses not allocated to the business
units of $6,480,000 and $7,129,000 in fiscal 2016 and the fiscal 2017 nine month
period, respectively. Also, as a result of transitioning the Satellite business
to a variable cost operating model in fiscal 2012, in which all DBS product
manufacturing was moved to a contract manufacturer, assets and liabilities of
the Satellite segment represented only about 2% of consolidated assets and
liabilities at the end of fiscal 2016. Accordingly, the Company believes that
the shutdown of the Satellite segment does not qualify for discontinued
operations accounting treatment because it represents neither a strategic shift
nor did it have or will it have a major impact on the Company s business or
consolidated financial statements.   
   Operating Results by
Reporting Segment    
  The Company's revenue,
gross profit and operating income by reporting segment are as follows:

23  

GROSS PROFIT BY
SEGMENT   
  
   Revenue    
  Wireless DataCom revenue
increased by $20.5 million, or 33%, to $83.4 million in the third quarter of
fiscal 2017 compared to the fiscal 2016 third quarter. This increase was due to
the revenue contribution of the recently acquired LoJack business, which
accounted for revenue of $29.9 million in the third quarter, offset by a
decrease in Mobile Resource Management ( MRM ) product revenues. For the nine
months ended November, 2016, Wireless DataCom revenue increased by $67.4
million, or 37%, to $249.9 million compared to the same period in the prior
year. This increase was due to the LoJack business, which contributed $89.7
million to revenue, and a $4.3 million increase in revenue from our heavy
equipment customer, offset by decreases in revenue of our other lines of
business, primarily MRM product revenues.  
  There were no sales in the
Satellite segment in the three months ended November 30, 2016 compared to
revenues of $11.8 million in the same period last year, and for the nine months
ended November 30, 2016, Satellite revenue decreased by $12.4 million, or 45%,
to $15.1 million from $27.4 million for the same period of the prior year. These
decreases were due to the cessation of product demand on the part of EchoStar,
the Satellite segment s sole customer which, as explained above, led the Company
to shut down its Satellite business effective August 31, 2016.   
   Gross Profit and Gross
Margins    
  Wireless DataCom gross
profit increased by $11.7 million to $35.1 million in the fiscal 2017 third
quarter compared to $23.4 million in the third quarter of last year primarily as
a result of higher revenue. Gross margin increased to 42.1% in the third quarter
of fiscal 2017 from 37.3% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. These
improvements were primarily due to higher margins for the LoJack business
acquired in March 2016.   
  Wireless DataCom gross
profit increased 53% to $103.8 million in the nine months ended November 30,
2016, compared to $68.1 million for the same period of the prior year primarily
due to increased revenue. Gross margin increased to 41.5% in the nine months
ended November 30, 2016 from 37.3% for the same period of the prior year
primarily due to higher margins for the LoJack business.   
  The Satellite segment had
gross profit of $3.7 million for the nine months ended November 30, 2016,
compared to gross profit of $7.3 million for the same period of last year.
Satellite s gross margin decreased to 24.7% in the nine months ended November
30, 2016 compared to 26.6% in the same period of the prior year. These decreases
were due to lower revenue resulting from the closing of the Satellite business
at the end of the fiscal 2017 second quarter.  
  24  

Operating Expenses
   
  Consolidated research and
development ( R D ) expense increased by $0.2 million to $5.3 million in the
third quarter of fiscal 2017 from $5.1 million in the third quarter of last
year. For the nine month year-to-date periods, R D increased by $2.6 million
from $14.7 million last year to $17.3 million this year. These increases were
due primarily to LoJack R D expense.  
  Consolidated selling
expense increased by $6.8 million to $12.8 million in the third quarter of this
year compared to $6.0 million in the third quarter of last year due primarily to
the LoJack acquisition, which accounted for $6.5 million of the increase. The
remaining increase was due to higher payroll expense as a result of additional
sales and marketing personnel and stock compensation expenses. For the nine
month year-to-date periods, selling expenses increased by $19.5 million to $36.8
million due to the same factors cited above for the three month periods. The
LoJack acquisition accounted for $18.0 million of the increase for the nine
month year-to-date periods.  
  Consolidated general and
administrative ( G A ) expenses increased by $6.2 million to $11.4 million
in the third quarter of this year compared to $5.2 million in the third quarter
of last year due primarily to the LoJack G A expenses, which accounted for
$4.8 million of the increase. The remaining increase in G A expenses was due
to higher legal expenses related to two patent infringement lawsuits. For the
nine month periods, consolidated G A increased by $23.7 million to $38.6
million this year due primarily to the LoJack G A expenses, which accounted
for $16.5 million of the increase. Also, transaction and integration expenses
for the LoJack acquisition were $4.2 million in the nine months ended November
30, 2016. The remaining increase in G A expenses for the nine month periods
was due to higher legal expenses related to two patent infringement lawsuits and
higher stock compensation expenses.   
  Amortization of intangibles
increased from $1.7 million in the third quarter of last year to $3.9 million in
the third quarter of this year. For the nine month periods, amortization of
intangibles increased from $5.0 million last year to $11.2 million this year.
These increases were due to the amortization of new intangibles associated with
the acquisition of LoJack in the fiscal 2017 first quarter.  
   Non-operating Expense,
Net    
  Investment income was
$201,000 in the third quarter of this year compared to $438,000 last year, due
to a decrease in investment income on cash equivalents and marketable
securities. Investment income increased to $1.1 million in the nine months ended
November 30, 2016 compared to $423,000 in the comparable period of the prior
year due to an increase in investment income on deferred compensation plan Rabbi
Trust assets and dividend income of $114,000 received from a minority-owned
LoJack licensee during the nine months ended November 30, 2016.   
  Interest expense increased
to $2.5 million in the third quarter of this year compared to $2.3 million in
the third quarter of last year, and increased to $7.4 million in the nine months
ended November 30, 2016 compared to $5.2 million in the nine months ended
November 30, 2015 due to interest expense associated with the convertible notes
issued in May 2015.   
  See Note 14 to the
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional
information on investment income and interest expense.   
   Income Tax Provision
   
  The Company evaluates its
estimated annual effective tax rate ( ETR ) on a quarterly basis based on
current and forecasted operating results. The relationship between the Company s
income tax provision or benefit and its pretax book income or loss can vary
significantly from period to period considering, among other factors, the
overall level of pretax book income or loss and changes in the blend of income
or loss that is taxed at high effective rates domestically versus pretax book
income or loss that is taxed at low effective rates internationally.
Consequently, the Company s ETR may fluctuate significantly period to period and
may make quarterly comparisons less than meaningful.  
  The Company has an income
tax benefit of $120,000 for the nine months ended November 30, 2016 due
primarily to the geographic mix of earnings (losses) as a result of the
acquisition of LoJack in fiscal 2017. The income tax benefit was estimated using a discrete period computation.  The Company cannot develop a reliable estimate of an annual effective tax rate since a small change in the Company s estimated ordinary income could produce a significant change in the ETR.  In such a case, an estimate of the ETR would not be reliable if a small change in ordinary income were likely to occur.  

  The income tax provision was $7.0 million
for the nine months ended November 30, 2015, with an ETR of
37.4%.   
  25  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES    
  In June 2016, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program, under which the
Company may repurchase up to $25 million of shares of its outstanding common
stock. Under the stock repurchase program, the Company may repurchase shares in
open market purchases in accordance with all applicable securities laws and
regulations, including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. The extent to which CalAmp repurchases its shares, and the timing of
such repurchases, will depend upon a variety of factors, including market
conditions, regulatory requirements and other corporate considerations, as
determined by CalAmp s management team. The repurchase program may be suspended
or discontinued at any time. The Company expects to finance the purchases with
existing cash balances.   
  During the nine months
ended November 30, 2016, the Company repurchased 1.6 million shares of its
common stock at an average share cost of $14.10, including commissions. The
total cost of the stock repurchases during the nine months ended November 30,
2016 was $21.9 million. All of the stock repurchases were paid for as of
November 30, 2016. All common stock repurchased was retired as of November 30,
2016. Of the $25 million authorized for share repurchases, $3.1 million was
remaining as of November 30, 2016.  
  In March 2016 the Company
completed the acquisition of LoJack. The Company funded the acquisition from
cash on hand. The total purchase price was $131.7 million which included the
$5.5 million fair value of 850,100 shares of LoJack common stock that were
purchased by CalAmp in the open market in November and December 2015, prior to
entering into a definitive acquisition agreement with LoJack.   
  In May 2015, the Company
issued $172.5 million aggregate principal amount of 1.625% convertible senior
unsecured notes due May 15, 2020. The Company has used, and expects to continue
to use, the remaining net proceeds from the offering of the convertible notes
for general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, acquisitions or
other strategic transactions, working capital and repurchases of the Company s
stock.  
  The Company has a credit
facility with Square 1 Bank that provides for borrowings up to $15 million or
85% of eligible accounts receivable, whichever is less. The credit facility
expires on March 1, 2017. Borrowings under this line of credit bear interest at
the bank s prime rate. There were no borrowings outstanding under this credit
facility at November 30, 2016 or February 29, 2016.  
  The Square 1 Bank credit
facility contains financial covenants that require the Company to maintain a
minimum level of earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation,
amortization and other noncash charges ( EBITDA ) and a minimum debt coverage
ratio, both measured monthly on a rolling 12-month basis. At November 30, 2016,
the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants under the credit
facility.  
  The Company s primary
sources of liquidity are its cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and
the credit facility with Square 1 Bank. During the nine months ended November
30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $64.2 million. The decrease was
primarily due to the cash used for the acquisition of LoJack, net of cash
acquired, of $117.0 million. Other uses of cash were common stock repurchases of
$21.9 million, capital expenditures of $5.8 million, taxes paid related to net
share settlement of vested equity awards of $1.6 million, and advances to an
unconsolidated affiliate of $1.4 million. Offsetting these uses of cash and cash
equivalents was cash provided by operations of $19.8 million, net proceeds from
maturities of marketable securities of $63.0 million, and proceeds from stock
option exercises of $0.8 million.   
  26  

Contractual Cash
Obligations    
  The following is a summary
of the Company s contractual cash obligations at November 30, 2016 (in
thousands):   
  
  Purchase obligations
consist primarily of inventory purchase commitments.  
   FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS    
  Forward looking statements
in this Form 10-Q which include, without limitation, statements relating to the
Company s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, projections
and other information regarding future performance, are made pursuant to the
safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
The words  may ,  will ,  could ,  plans ,  intends ,  seeks ,  believes ,
 anticipates ,  expects ,  estimates ,  judgment ,  goal , and variations of
these words and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements reflect the Company s current views
with respect to future events and financial performance and are subject to
certain risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, product demand,
competitive pressures and pricing declines in the Company s markets, the timing
of customer approvals of new product designs, intellectual property infringement
claims, interruption or failure of our Internet-based systems used to wirelessly
configure and communicate with the tracking and monitoring devices that we sell,
the risk that we do not repurchase some or all of the shares we anticipate
purchasing pursuant to our stock repurchase program, and other risks and
uncertainties that are set forth in Part I, Item 1A of the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended February 29, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on April 20, 2016. Such risks and uncertainties could cause
actual results to differ materially from historical or anticipated results.
Although the Company believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking
statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that
its expectations will be attained. The Company undertakes no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.  
   ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
   Foreign Currency Risk
   
  The Company has
international operations, giving rise to exposure to market risks from changes
in foreign exchange rates. A cumulative foreign currency translation loss of
$406,000 related to the Company s foreign subsidiaries is included in
accumulated other comprehensive loss in the stockholders  equity section of the
consolidated balance sheet at November 30, 2016. The aggregate foreign currency
transaction exchange rate losses included in determining income (loss) before
income taxes and equity in net loss of affiliate were $173,000 and $31,000 in
the nine months ended November 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
   Interest Rate Risk
   
  The Company s exposure to
market rate risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to its
investment portfolio. The primary objective of the Company s investment
activities is to preserve principal and liquidity while at the same time
maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. To achieve this
objective, the Company maintains its portfolio of short-term and long-term
investments in a variety of available-for-sale fixed debt securities, including
both government and corporate obligations and money market funds. Investments in
fixed rate interest earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk.
Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due to
a rise in prevailing interest rates. Due in part to these factors, the Company
may suffer losses in principal if it needs the funds prior to maturity and
chooses to sell securities that have declined in market value due to changes in
interest rates or perceived credit risk related to the securities 
issuers.  
  27  

The Company has
variable-rate bank debt. A fluctuation of one percent in the interest rate on
the $15 million credit facility with Square 1 Bank would have an annual impact
of approximately $150,000 on the Company s results of operations assuming that
the full amount of the facility was borrowed. There were no borrowings
outstanding on this facility at November 30, 2016.   
   ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES    
   Disclosure Controls and
Procedures    
  During the review of the financial statements for the quarter ended November 30, 2016, the Company s independent auditors identified a material weakness in the Company s internal controls over the classification of cash equivalents and marketable securities.  This condition resulted in the misclassification of a short-term marketable security with a carrying amount of $7.0 million as a cash equivalent security.  After re-evaluation, the Company reclassified the investment to short-term marketable securities in its November 30, 2016 consolidated balance sheet.  This reclassification had no impact on the aggregate amount of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of November 30, 2016, nor on operating cash flow for the three and nine month periods then ended.  To remediate this internal control weakness the Company implemented new control procedures over the classification of cash equivalents and marketable securities. This internal control weakness will not be considered remediated until the new control procedures operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively.  The Company expects that this internal control weakness will be fully remediated during the fourth quarter ending February 28, 2017.  

  The Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded, based on their evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report that, due to the internal control weakness described above, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that notwithstanding the internal control weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as described above, the condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP.

Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting   
  In March 2016, the Company
acquired LoJack and, as a result, the Company has begun integrating the
processes, systems and controls relating to LoJack into its existing system of
internal control over financial reporting in accordance with its integration
plans. Except for the processes, systems and controls relating to the
integration of LoJack, there have not been any changes in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most
recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting.  
   PART II. OTHER
INFORMATION    
   ITEM 1. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS    
  See Note 16   Commitments
and Contingencies of the Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements above for
information regarding the legal proceedings in which the Company is involved.
  
   ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
   
  The reader is referred to
Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended February 29, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on April 20, 2016, for a discussion of factors that could materially
affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, or
future results.  
  28  

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED
SALES OF SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    
  The following table
contains information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of CalAmp or
any  affiliated purchaser  (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a) (3) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934), of the Company s common stock during the
Company s third quarter ended November 30, 2016.   

(1)  
             
      Average price paid
      per share for shares purchased as part of the Company s share repurchase
      program (includes brokerage commissions).   

(2)  
      
      As announced on June
      28, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase
      program of up to $25 million of shares of its outstanding common stock. As
      of November 30, 2016, $21.9 million of the $25 million had been utilized.
      The remaining $3.1 million in the table represents the amount available to
      repurchase shares under the authorized repurchase program as of November
      30, 2016. The Company s stock repurchase program does not obligate it to
      acquire any specific number of shares. Under the program, shares may be
      repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions,
      including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange
      Act.    
   ITEM 6.
EXHIBITS   

Exhibit
      31.1  
             
      Chief
      Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

Exhibit
      31.2  
      
      Chief
      Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

Exhibit
      32  
      
      Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002   

101.INS  
      
      XBRL
      Instance Document   

101.SCH  
      
      XBRL
      Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
      
      XBRL
      Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
      
      XBRLTaxonomy
      Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
      
      XBRL
      Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
      
      XBRL
      Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
Document     
  29  

SIGNATURE    
  Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized.  

CALAMP
      CORP.   

December 21, 2016  
      
      /s/ Richard Vitelle  

Date  
      
      Richard
      Vitelle   

Executive
      Vice President   CFO   

(Principal
      Financial Officer and   

Chief
      Accounting Officer)     
  30  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 calamp29882139-ex311.htm
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

EXHIBIT 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED  
  I, Michael Burdiek, certify
that:  

1.
              
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
      Form 10-Q of CalAmp Corp.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not
      contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
      material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
      circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
      respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial
      statements, and other financial information included in this report,
      fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
      of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
      presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer
      and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
      and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
      and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)         
      Designed
      such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
      controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
      that material information relating to the registrant, including its
      consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
      entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
      such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
      control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
      provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
      reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
      purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
      principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
      the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
      and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
      the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
      covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
      in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over
      financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
      fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
      annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
      materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
      reporting; and   

5.         
      The registrant's other certifying officer
      and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
      control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
      audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
      performing the equivalent functions):   

a)         
      All
      significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
      operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
      reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
      process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud,
      whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
      have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
      financial reporting.   

December 21, 2016   

/s/ Michael
    Burdiek  

Date  
       
      Michael Burdiek   

Chief Executive Officer     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 calamp29882139-ex312.htm
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

EXHIBIT 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED   
  I, Richard Vitelle, certify
that:  

1.
              
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
      Form 10-Q of CalAmp Corp.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not
      contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
      material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
      circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
      respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial
      statements, and other financial information included in this report,
      fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
      of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
      presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer
      and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
      and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
      and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)         
      Designed
      such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
      controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
      that material information relating to the registrant, including its
      consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
      entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
      such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
      control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
      provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
      reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
      purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
      principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
      the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
      and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
      the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
      covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
      in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over
      financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
      fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
      annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
      materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
      reporting; and   

5.         
      The registrant's other certifying officer
      and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
      control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
      audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
      performing the equivalent functions):   

a)         
      All
      significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
      operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
      reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
      process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud,
      whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
      have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
      financial reporting.   

December 21, 2016   

/s/ Richard Vitelle  

Date  
       
      Richard Vitelle   

Chief Financial
      Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 calamp29882139-ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

EXHIBIT 32  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
  
  In connection with the
Quarterly Report of CalAmp Corp. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended November 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"Report"), we, Michael Burdiek, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and
Richard Vitelle, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to our knowledge:  

(1)
               
      The Report
      fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The
      information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
      respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
      Company.   

/s/ Michael Burdiek  

Michael
      Burdiek   

Chief Executive
      Officer   

/s/ Richard Vitelle  

Richard
      Vitelle   

Chief Financial
      Officer     
  December 21, 2016  
  A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 camp-20161130.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 camp-20161130.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 camp-20161130_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 camp-20161130_lab.xml
 XBRLTAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 camp-20161130_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 camp-20161130_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

