<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1110803_0001110803-16-000214_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6578756</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>95921</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>368494</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2111708</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2858532</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1020398</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001110803-16-000214.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107193453
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001110803-16-000214
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161002
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ILLUMINA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001110803
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		IRS NUMBER:				330804655
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35406
		FILM NUMBER:		161979688

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5200 ILLUMINA WAY
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8582024500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5200 ILLUMINA WAY
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001110803-16-000214.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 fy16q310-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 

For the Quarterly Period Ended   October 2, 2016    

For the transition period from             to             
  Commission File Number 001-35406    
  Illumina, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(858) 202-4500 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes            No       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes            No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                       Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes           No       
    
  As of   October 21, 2016  , there were   146.9 million   shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

ILLUMINA, INC. 
  INDEX 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Financial Statements  
     3 
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
     3 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income  
     4 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
     5 
       Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity  
     6 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     7 
       Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     8 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     21 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     29 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
     29 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
     30 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
     30 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     30 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     30 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
     30 
       Item 5. Other Information  
     31 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
     31 
       SIGNATURES  
     32 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements. 

ILLUMINA, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

ILLUMINA, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

ILLUMINA, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

ILLUMINA, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

ILLUMINA, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    7 

Table of Contents  

Illumina, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 
  Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this report to      Illumina,   we,   us,  the  Company,  and  our  refer to Illumina, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements.  Interim financial results are not necessarily indicative of results anticipated for the full year.  These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 3, 2016  , from which the balance sheet information herein was derived.  The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
    
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, majority-owned or controlled companies, and variable interest entities (VIEs) for which the Company is the primary beneficiary.  All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  In management s opinion, the accompanying financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods presented. 
    
  The Company evaluates its ownership, contractual and other interests in entities that are not wholly-owned by the Company to determine if these entities are VIEs, and, if so, whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE.  In determining whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE and is therefore required to consolidate the VIE, the Company applies a qualitative approach that determines whether it has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses of, or the rights to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to that VIE.  The Company continuously assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE as changes to existing relationships or future transactions may result in the consolidation or deconsolidation, as the case may be.  The Company has not provided financial or other support during the periods presented to its VIEs that it was not previously contractually required to provide.   
    
  The equity method is used to account for investments in which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee.  Such investments are recorded within other assets, and the share of net income or losses of equity investments is recognized on a one quarter lag in other (expense) income, net. 
    
  Segment Information 
    
  The Company is organized into three operating segments for purposes of evaluating its business operations and reporting its financial results.  One operating segment consists of Illumina s core operations and the other two relate to the Company s consolidated VIEs. The combined results of operations of the Company s consolidated VIEs became material for the three and nine months ended October 2, 2016.  As such, the Company commenced reporting two segments in the third quarter of 2016.  Financial information for all periods presented has been classified to reflect these changes to our reportable segments.  For further information on the Company s segments, refer to note  9. Segment Information .   
    
  Fiscal Year 
    
  The Company s fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks ending the Sunday closest to December 31, with quarters of 13 or 14 weeks ending the Sunday closest to March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31.  The   three and nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   were both 13 and 39 weeks, respectively. 

8 

     Table of Contents  

Reclassifications 
    
  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
    
  Significant Accounting Policies  
    
  During the   three and nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  , there have been no changes to the Company s significant accounting policies as described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 3, 2016  . 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  .  The new standard requires income tax effects of stock compensation awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled.  The new standard also allows the Company to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur.  ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2017.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements.   
    
  In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  .  The new standard requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets as lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets and eliminates certain real estate-specific provisions.  ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2019.  ASU 2016-02 will be adopted on a modified retrospective transition basis for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  .  The new standard is based on the principle that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2018 and allows for a full retrospective or a modified retrospective adoption approach.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Earnings per Share 
    
  Basic earnings per share attributable to Illumina stockholders is computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted earnings per share attributable to Illumina stockholders is computed based on the sum of the weighted average number of common shares and potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period.  Per-share earnings of our VIEs are included in the Company s consolidated basic and diluted earnings per share computations based on the Company s share of the VIE s securities.      
    
  Potentially dilutive common shares consist of shares issuable under convertible senior notes, equity awards, and warrants.  Convertible senior notes have a dilutive impact when the average market price of the Company s common stock exceeds the applicable conversion price of the respective notes.  Potentially dilutive common shares from equity awards and warrants are determined using the average share price for each period under the treasury stock method.  In addition, the following amounts are assumed to be used to repurchase shares: proceeds from exercise of equity awards and warrants; the average amount of unrecognized compensation expense for equity awards; and estimated tax benefits that will be recorded in additional paid-in capital when expenses related to equity awards become deductible.  In loss periods, basic net loss per share and diluted net loss per share are identical because the otherwise dilutive potential common shares become anti-dilutive and are therefore excluded. 

9 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the calculation of weighted average shares used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands): 

2. Balance Sheet Account Details 
    
  Short-Term Investments 
    
  The following is a summary of short-term investments (in thousands): 

Realized gains and losses are determined based on the specific identification method and are reported in interest income.   
    
  Contractual maturities of available-for-sale debt securities as of   October 2, 2016   were as follows (in thousands): 

The Company has the ability, if necessary, to liquidate any of its cash equivalents and short-term investments in order to meet its liquidity needs in the next 12 months.  Accordingly, those investments with contractual maturities greater than one year from the date of purchase nonetheless are classified as short-term on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  Strategic Investments 
    
  As of   October 2, 2016   and   January 3, 2016  , the aggregate carrying amounts of the Company s cost-method investments in non-publicly traded companies included in other assets were   $56.9 million   and   $56.6 million  , respectively.  Revenue recognized from transactions with such companies was   $12.5 million   and   $42.1 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine    
  
    10 

     Table of Contents  

months ended   October 2, 2016   and   $16.1 million   and   $47.3 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  .   
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 27, 2015  , the Company recognized a gain on a disposition of a cost-method investment of   $18.0 million  .  The Company s cost-method investments are assessed for impairment quarterly.  The Company determines that it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of its cost-method investments on a regular basis and does not reassess the fair value of cost-method investments if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investments.    No   material impairment loss was recorded during the   three and nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   or   September 27, 2015  . 
    
  On April 14, 2016, the Company announced that it has committed to invest   $100.0 million   in a new venture capital investment fund (the Fund).  The capital commitment is callable over   ten years  , and up to   $40.0 million   can be drawn down during the first year.  The Company s investment in the Fund is accounted for as an equity method investment.  During the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  , the Company transferred   $3.2 million   of its cost-method investments to the Fund and contributed   $4.4 million   in cash. 
    
  Inventory 
    
  Inventory consists of the following (in thousands): 

Property and Equipment 
    
  Property and equipment, net consists of the following (in thousands):   

Property and equipment, net included accrued expenditures of   $194.4 million   for the nine months ended   October 2, 2016  , which includes   $168.8 million   in construction in progress recorded under build-to-suit lease accounting.  Accrued capital expenditures were excluded from the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.  Accrued capital expenditures were immaterial for the nine months ended   September 27, 2015  . 
    
  Goodwill  
    
  The Company tests the carrying value of goodwill in accordance with accounting rules on impairment of goodwill, which require the Company to estimate the fair value of the reporting units annually, or when impairment indicators exist, and compare such amounts to their respective carrying values to determine if an impairment is required.      The Company performed its annual assessment for goodwill impairment in the second quarter of 2016, noting no impairment. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in the Company s goodwill balance during the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   are as follows (in thousands): 

In January 2016, the Company closed   two   acquisitions consisting of   $17.8 million   in upfront cash payments, equity instruments, and certain contingent consideration provisions.   
    
  Derivatives 
    
  The Company is exposed to foreign exchange rate risks in the normal course of business.  The Company enters into foreign exchange contracts to manage foreign currency risks related to monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.  These foreign exchange contracts are carried at fair value in other assets or other liabilities and are not designated as hedging instruments.  Changes in the value of the derivative are recognized in other expense, net, along with the remeasurement gain or loss on the foreign currency denominated assets or liabilities.  
    
  As of   October 2, 2016  , the Company had foreign exchange forward contracts in place to hedge exposures in the euro, Japanese yen, and Australian dollar.  As of   October 2, 2016   and   January 3, 2016  , the total notional amounts of outstanding forward contracts in place for foreign currency purchases were   $62.2 million   and   $61.3 million  , respectively. 
    
  Accrued Liabilities 
    
  Accrued liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): 

Build-to-Suit Lease Liability 
    
  The Company evaluates whether it is the accounting owner during the construction period when the Company is involved in the construction of leased assets.  As a result, the Company is considered the owner of   three   construction projects for accounting purposes only under build-to-suit lease accounting due to certain indemnification obligations related to the construction.  As of October 3, 2016 and January 3, 2016, the Company has recorded   $178.3 million   and   $9.5 million  , respectively, in project construction costs incurred by the landlord as construction in progress and a corresponding build-to-suit lease liability.  Once the landlord completes the construction projects, the Company will evaluate the lease in order to determine whether or not it meets the criteria for  sale-leaseback  treatment. 
    
  Warranties 
    
  The Company generally provides a   one  -year warranty on instruments.  Additionally, the Company provides a warranty on consumables through the expiration date, which generally ranges from   six   to   twelve   months after the manufacture date.  At the time revenue is recognized, the Company establishes an accrual for estimated warranty expenses based on historical experience as well as anticipated product performance.  The Company periodically reviews its warranty reserve for adequacy and adjusts the warranty accrual, if necessary, based on actual experience and estimated costs to be incurred.  Warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of product revenue. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in the Company s reserve for product warranties during the   three and nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   are as follows (in thousands): 

Leases 
    
  Changes in the Company s facility exit obligation related to its former headquarters lease during the   three and nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   are as follows (in thousands): 

On March 18, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to sublease its office building in San Francisco, California.  The Company will receive   $51.2 million   in minimum lease payments during the initial term of approximately   eight years  .   
    
  On April 5, 2016, the Company entered into a lease agreement for certain office buildings being constructed in San Diego, California.  Minimum lease payments during the initial term of   ten years   are estimated to be   $127.4 million  . 
    
  Investments in Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 
    
  GRAIL, Inc. 
    
  In January 2016, the Company obtained a majority equity ownership interest in GRAIL, Inc. (GRAIL), a company formed with unrelated third party investors to pursue the development and commercialization of a blood test for asymptomatic cancer screening.  The Company determined that GRAIL is a variable interest entity as the entity lacks sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional support.  Additionally, the Company determined that it has (a) control of the entity s Board of Directors, which has unilateral power over the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of GRAIL and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of and the right to receive benefits from GRAIL that are potentially significant to GRAIL.  As a result, the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of GRAIL and is required to consolidate GRAIL.  On a fully diluted basis, the Company holds a   52%   equity ownership interest in GRAIL as of   October 2, 2016  .  
    
  During the three months ended April 3, 2016, GRAIL completed its Series A convertible preferred stock financing, raising   $120.0 million  , of which the Company invested   $40.0 million  .  Additionally, the Company and GRAIL executed a long-term supply agreement in which the Company contributed certain perpetual licenses, employees, and discounted supply terms in exchange for   112.5 million   shares of GRAIL s Class B Common Stock.  Such contributions are recorded at their historical basis as they remain within the control of the Company.  The   $80.0 million   received by GRAIL from unrelated third party investors upon issuance of its Series A convertible preferred stock is classified as noncontrolling interests in stockholders  equity on the Company s consolidated balance sheet.   
    
  During the three months ended July 3, 2016, GRAIL authorized for issuance   97.5 million   shares of Series A-1 convertible preferred stock, all of which were issued to Illumina in exchange for   97.5 million   shares of Illumina s Class B Common Stock on June 23, 2016.  As a result of the exchange, Illumina recorded a   $9.5 million   deemed dividend net of tax of   $9.6 million   through equity, which was eliminated in consolidation.  

13 

     Table of Contents  

For the three months ended   October 2, 2016  , the Company absorbed approximately 50% of GRAIL s losses based upon its proportional ownership of GRAIL s common stock.  Prior to the exchange, for the six months ended July 3, 2016, the Company absorbed   90%   of GRAIL s losses based upon its proportional ownership of GRAIL s common stock.  
    
  In accordance with GRAIL s Equity Incentive Plan, the Company may be required to redeem certain vested stock awards in cash at the then approximate fair market value.  The fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests is considered a Level 3 instrument.  Such redemption right is exercisable at the option of the holder of the awards after February 28, 2021, provided that an initial public offering of GRAIL has not been completed.  As the redemption provision is outside of the control of the Company, the redeemable noncontrolling interests in GRAIL are classified outside of stockholders  equity on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  The balance of the redeemable noncontrolling interests is reported at the greater of its carrying value after receiving its allocation of GRAIL s profits and losses or its estimated redemption value at each reporting date.   
    
  The assets and liabilities of GRAIL, other than cash and cash equivalents, are not significant to the Company s financial position as of   October 2, 2016  .  Additionally, GRAIL has an immaterial impact on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the three and   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  .  
    
  Helix Holdings I, LLC 
    
  In July 2015, the Company obtained a   50%   voting equity ownership interest in Helix Holdings I, LLC (Helix), a limited liability company formed with unrelated third party investors to pursue the development and commercialization of a marketplace for consumer genomics.  The Company determined that Helix is a variable interest entity as the holder of the at-risk equity investments as a group lack the power to direct the activities of Helix that most significantly impact Helix s economic performance.  Additionally, the Company determined that it has (a) unilateral power over one of the activities that most significantly impacts the economic performance of Helix through its contractual arrangements and no one individual party has unilateral power over the remaining significant activities of Helix and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of and the right to receive benefits from Helix that are potentially significant to Helix.  As a result, the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of Helix and is required to consolidate Helix.  
    
  As contractually committed, the Company contributed certain perpetual licenses, instruments, intangibles, initial laboratory setup, and discounted supply terms in exchange for voting equity interests in Helix.  Such contributions are recorded at their historical basis as they remain within the control of the Company.  Helix is financed through cash contributions made by the third party investors in exchange for voting equity interests in Helix.  
    
  Certain noncontrolling Helix investors may require the Company to redeem all noncontrolling interests in cash at the then approximate fair market value.  The fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests is considered a Level 3 instrument.  Such redemption right is exercisable at the option of certain noncontrolling interest holders after January 1, 2021, provided that a bona fide pursuit of the sale of Helix has occurred and an initial public offering of Helix has not been completed. 
    
  As the contingent redemption is outside of the control of Illumina, the redeemable noncontrolling interests in Helix are classified outside of stockholders  equity on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  The balance of the redeemable noncontrolling interests is reported at the greater of its carrying value after receiving its allocation of Helix s profits and losses or its estimated redemption value at each reporting date.  As of   October 2, 2016  , the noncontrolling shareholders and Illumina each held   50%   of Helix s outstanding voting equity interests.   
    
  The assets and liabilities of Helix are not significant to the Company s financial position as of   October 2, 2016  .  Helix has an immaterial impact on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the three and   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  . 
    
  As of   October 2, 2016  , the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet includes   $103.6 million   of cash and cash equivalents attributable to GRAIL and Helix that will be used to settle their respective obligations and will not be available to settle obligations of the Company. 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
    
  The activity of the redeemable noncontrolling interests during the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   is as follows (in thousands): 

3. Fair Value Measurements 
    
  The following table presents the Company s hierarchy for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   October 2, 2016   and   January 3, 2016   (in thousands): 

The Company holds available-for-sale securities that consist of highly liquid, investment grade debt securities.  The Company considers information provided by the Company s investment accounting and reporting service provider in the measurement of fair value of its debt securities.  The investment service provider provides valuation information from an industry-recognized valuation service.  Such valuations may be based on trade prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 inputs) or valuation models using inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly (Level 2 inputs), such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, yield curve, volatility factors, credit spreads, default rates, loss severity, current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments or debt, broker and dealer quotes, as well as other relevant economic measures.  The Company s deferred compensation plan assets consist primarily of investments in life insurance contracts carried at cash surrender value, which reflects the net asset value of the underlying publicly traded mutual funds.  The Company performs control procedures to corroborate the fair value of its holdings, including comparing valuations obtained from its investment service provider to valuations reported by the Company s asset custodians, validation of pricing sources and models, and review of key model inputs if necessary. 
    
  As a result of an acquisition completed in January 2016, the Company recorded   $5.3 million   in contingent consideration liabilities, the majority of which are payable within 12 months after the acquisition date.  The Company reassesses the fair value of any contingent consideration liabilities on a quarterly basis using the income approach.  Assumptions used to estimate the acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration include discount rates ranging from   4%   to   6%   and the probability of achieving certain milestones.  This fair value measurement of the contingent consideration is based on significant inputs not  
  
    15 

     Table of Contents  

observed in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement.  Level 3 instruments are valued based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and reflect the Company s own assumptions in measuring fair value.  
  Changes in estimated fair value of contingent consideration liabilities during the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   are as follows (in thousands): 

4. Debt 
    
  Convertible Senior Notes 
    
  As of   October 2, 2016  , the Company had outstanding   $632.5 million   in principal amount of   0%   convertible senior notes due June 15, 2019 (2019 Notes) and   $517.5 million   in principal amount of   0.5%   convertible senior notes due June 15, 2021 (2021 Notes). 
    
  0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 and 0.5% Convertible Senior Notes due 2021  
    
  In June 2014, the Company issued   $632.5 million   aggregate principal amount of 2019 Notes and   $517.5 million   aggregate principal amount of 2021 Notes.  The Company used the net proceeds plus cash on hand to repurchase a portion of the outstanding 2016 Notes in privately negotiated transactions concurrently with the issuance of the 2019 and 2021 Notes.  The 2019 and 2021 Notes  mature on   June 15, 2019   and   June 15, 2021  , respectively, and the implied estimated effective rates of the liability components of the Notes were   2.9%   and   3.5%  , respectively, assuming no conversion. 
    
  Both the 2019 and 2021 Notes will be convertible into cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company's election, based on an initial conversion rate, subject to adjustment, of   3.9318 shares   per   $1,000   principal amount of the notes (which represents an initial conversion price of approximately   $254.34   per share), only in the following circumstances and to the following extent:   (1) during the five business-day period after any 10 consecutive trading day period (the measurement period) in which the trading price per 2019 and 2021 Note for each day of such measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such day; (2) during any calendar quarter (and only during that quarter) after the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2014, if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock for 20 or more trading days in the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter exceeds 130% of the applicable conversion price in effect on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (3) upon the occurrence of specified events described in the indenture for the 2019 and 2021 Notes; and (4) at any time on or after March 15, 2019 for the 2019 Notes, or March 15, 2021 for the 2021 Notes, through the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date  .  
    
  Neither the 2019 nor the 2021 Notes were convertible as of   October 2, 2016   and had no dilutive impact during the   three and nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  .  If the 2019 and 2021 Notes were converted as of   October 2, 2016  , the if-converted value would not exceed the principal amount. 
    
  0.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2016  
    
  In 2011, the Company issued   $920.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   0.25%   convertible senior notes due 2016 (2016 Notes) with a maturity date of   March 15, 2016  .  The effective rate of the liability component was estimated to be   4.5%  .  Based upon meeting the stock trading price conversion requirement during the three months ended March 30, 2014, the 2016 Notes became convertible on April 1, 2014 through, and including,   March 11, 2016  .  All notes were converted by March 11, 2016. 

16 

     Table of Contents  

During the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  , the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt calculated as the difference between the estimated fair value of the debt and the carrying value of the notes as of the settlement date.  To measure the fair value of the converted notes as of the settlement date, the applicable interest rate was estimated using Level 2 observable inputs and applied to the converted notes using the same methodology as in the issuance date valuation.  The loss recorded on extinguishment of debt for the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   was immaterial.  
    
  The following table summarizes information about the conversion of the 2016 Notes during the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   (in thousands):   

Summary of Convertible Senior Notes    
    
  The following table summarizes information about the equity and liability components of all convertible senior notes outstanding as of the period reported (dollars in thousands).  The fair values of the respective notes outstanding were measured based on quoted market prices, and is a Level 2 measurement. 

Other 
    
  As of   October 2, 2016  , the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets include   $1.3 million   and   $3.4 million   in current and long-term debt, respectively, related to an outstanding line of credit held by Helix. 

5. Share-based Compensation Expense 
    
  Share-based compensation expense for all stock awards consists of the following (in thousands): 

17 

     Table of Contents  

The assumptions used for the specified reporting periods and the resulting estimates of weighted-average fair value per share for stock purchased under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) during the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   are as follows: 

As of   October 2, 2016  , approximately   $203.2 million   of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options, restricted stock, and ESPP shares granted to date is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately   2.4 years  . 

6. Stockholders  Equity 
    
  As of   October 2, 2016  , approximately   7.5 million   shares remained available for future grants under the 2015 Stock Plan and the 2005 Solexa Equity Plan.  
    
  Restricted Stock 
    
  The Company s restricted stock activity and related information for the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   is as follows (units in thousands): 

______________________________________ 
           (1) 
    The number of units reflect the estimated number of shares to be issued at the end of the performance period. 
       
  Stock Options 
    
  The Company s stock option activity under all stock option plans during the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   is as follows: 

At   October 2, 2016  , outstanding options to purchase   1.1 million   shares were exercisable with a weighted-average exercise price per share of   $48.08  . 

18 

     Table of Contents  

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
    
  The price at which common stock is purchased under the ESPP is equal to   85%   of the fair market value of the common stock on the first day of the offering period or purchase date, whichever is lower.  During the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  , approximately   0.2 million   shares were issued under the ESPP.  As of   October 2, 2016  , there were approximately   14.3 million   shares available for issuance under the ESPP. 
    
  Share Repurchases 
    
   On July 28, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program, which supersedes all prior and available repurchase authorizations, to repurchase   $250.0 million   of outstanding common stock.  During the three months ended   October 2, 2016  ,   0.1 million   shares for   $13.1 million   were repurchased.  During the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  , the Company repurchased approximately   0.8 million   shares for   $113.1 million   in aggregate.  Authorizations to repurchase up to an additional   $236.9 million   of the Company s common stock remained available as of   October 2, 2016  .  

7. Income Taxes 
    
  The Company s effective tax rate may vary from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate due to the change in the mix of earnings in tax jurisdictions with different statutory rates, benefits related to tax credits, and the tax impact of non-deductible expenses and other permanent differences between income before income taxes and taxable income.  The effective tax rates for the   three and nine   months ended   October 2, 2016   were   24.2%   and   24.9%  , respectively.  For the   three and nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  , the variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of   35%   was primarily attributable to the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, such as in Singapore and the United Kingdom; offset slightly by the tax impact associated with the investments in our consolidated variable interest entities.  

8. Legal Proceedings 
    
  The Company is involved in various lawsuits and claims arising in the ordinary course of business, including actions with respect to intellectual property, employment, and contractual matters.  In connection with these matters, the Company assesses, on a regular basis, the probability and range of possible loss based on the developments in these matters.  A liability is recorded in the financial statements if it is believed to be probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  Because litigation is inherently unpredictable and unfavorable results could occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events.  The Company regularly reviews outstanding legal matters to determine the adequacy of the liabilities accrued and related disclosures.  The amount of ultimate loss may differ from these estimates.  Each matter presents its own unique circumstances, and prior litigation does not necessarily provide a reliable basis on which to predict the outcome, or range of outcomes, in any individual proceeding.  Because of the uncertainties related to the occurrence, amount, and range of loss on any pending litigation or claim, the Company is currently unable to predict their ultimate outcome, and, with respect to any pending litigation or claim where no liability has been accrued, to make a meaningful estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome.  In the event that opposing litigants or claims ultimately succeed at trial and any subsequent appeals on their claims, any potential loss or charges in excess of any established accruals, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows in the period in which the unfavorable outcome occurs or becomes probable, and potentially in future periods. 
    
  On July 1, 2016, the Company entered into a Settlement and License Agreement with Enzo Life Sciences, Inc. (Enzo) that settled all claims in the litigation.  Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement and License Agreement, the Company paid Enzo a one-time payment of   $21.0 million   for release of past damages claimed and a fully paid-up non-exclusive license to U.S. Patent No. 7,064,197.  None of the parties made any admission of liability in entering into the Settlement and License Agreement.  The Company allocated the   $21.0 million   settlement on a relative fair value basis, resulting in   $11.5 million   capitalized as an intangible asset and a corresponding gain recorded in legal contingencies for the value of the license, which will be amortized over a period of   7 years   on a straight-line basis, and the remaining   $9.5 million   related to past damages claimed.  The fair value of the license and past damages was estimated using a discounted cash flow model, and is considered to be a Level 3 measurement.  

19 

Table of Contents  

9. Segment Information 
    
  The Company has two reportable segments: Core Illumina and one segment related to the combined activities of the Company s consolidated VIEs, GRAIL and Helix.  The Company reports segment information based on the management approach.  This approach designates the internal reporting used by the Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM ) for making decisions and assessing performance as the source of the Company s reportable segments.  The CODM allocates resources and assesses the performance of each operating segment using information about its revenues and income (losses) from operations.  Based on the information used by the CODM, the Company has determined its reportable segments as follows: 
    
  Core Illumina  :     
    
  Core Illumina s products and services serve customers in the research, clinical and applied markets, and enable the adoption of a variety of genomic solutions.  Core Illumina includes all operations of the Company, excluding the results of its two consolidated VIEs.  
    
  Consolidated VIEs: 
    
  GRAIL  :      GRAIL was created to enable the early detection of cancer in asymptomatic individuals through a simple blood screen based on the concentration of circulating tumor nucleic acids.  GRAIL is currently in the early stages of developing this test and as such, has no revenues to date. 
    
  Helix  :    Helix was established to enable individuals to explore their genetic information by providing affordable sequencing and database services for consumers through third party partners, driving the creation of an ecosystem of consumer applications.  
    
  Management evaluates the performance of the Company s operating segments based upon income (loss) from operations.  The Company does not allocate expenses between segments.  Core Illumina sells products and provides services to GRAIL and Helix in accordance with contractual agreements between the entities.  
    
  The following table presents the operating performance of each reportable segment (in thousands): 

20 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the total assets of each reportable segment (in thousands): 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) will help readers understand our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow.  It is provided in addition to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and notes.  This MD A is organized as follows: 

Business Overview and Outlook  . High level discussion of our operating results and significant known trends that affect our business. 

Results of Operations  . Detailed discussion of our revenues and expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  . Discussion of key aspects of our statements of cash flows, changes in our financial position, and our financial commitments. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  . We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  . Discussion of significant changes since our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments underlying our financial statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  . Summary of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
       
  This MD A discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  Please see  Consideration Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  at the end of this MD A section for additional factors relating to such statements.  This MD A should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 3, 2016  .  Operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods. 

Business Overview and Outlook 
    
  This overview and outlook provides a high level discussion of our operating results and significant known trends that affect our business.  We believe that an understanding of these trends is important to understanding our financial results for the periods being reported herein as well as our future financial performance.  This summary is not intended to be exhaustive, nor is it intended to be a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q. 
    
  About Illumina 
    
  Our Company is organized into three operating segments for purposes of evaluating its business operations and reporting its financial results.  One segment consists of Illumina s core operations.  The other two relate to the activities of our consolidated VIEs, GRAIL and Helix, which are combined into one reportable segment.  For information on GRAIL and Helix, refer to Note 9 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements provided in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   
    
  Our focus on innovation has established us as the global leader in DNA sequencing and array-based technologies, serving customers in the research, clinical, and applied markets.  Our products are used for applications in the life sciences, oncology, reproductive health, agriculture, and other emerging market segments.  
    
  Our portfolio of integrated systems, consumables, and analysis tools is designed to accelerate and simplify genetic analysis.  This portfolio addresses a range of genomic complexity, price points, and throughput, enabling customers to select the best solution for their research or clinical challenge. 
    
  Our financial results have been, and will continue to be, impacted by several significant trends, which are described below.  While these trends are important to understanding and evaluating our financial results, this discussion should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto in Item 1, Part I of this report, and the other transactions, events, and trends discussed in  Risk Factors  in Item 1A, Part II of this report and Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 3, 2016  . 
    
  Next-Generation Sequencing    
    
  Next-generation sequencing has become an essential technology in our markets, and our portfolio of sequencing platforms represents a family of systems that are designed to meet the workflow, output, and accuracy demands of a full range of sequencing applications.  We believe that the expanding sequencing market, along with an increase in the number of samples available and enhancements in our sequencing portfolio, will continue to drive demand for our next-generation sequencing technologies.  As a result, we believe that our sequencing consumables revenue will continue to grow in future periods. 
    
  Arrays  
    
  As a complement to next-generation sequencing, we believe arrays offer a less expensive, faster, and highly accurate technology for use when genetic content is already known.  The information content of arrays is fixed and reproducible, providing a repeatable, standardized technology to read out subsets of nucleotide bases within the overall genome.  We believe that our customers will migrate certain array studies to sequencing.  However, we expect that demand from customers in reproductive health, agriculture, and applied markets will partially mitigate this decline.  Demand in the array market has trended toward lower complexity arrays that can be used on larger numbers of samples, resulting in a lower selling price per sample.  We believe that our innovation in array products supports the lower selling price.   
    
  Financial Overview  
    
  Consolidated financial results for   the first three quarters of 2016   include the following:  

Net revenue   increased     9.3%   during   the first three quarters of 2016   to   $1,779.0 million   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015   due to the growth in sales of our sequencing consumables and services, partially offset by lower shipments of our high-throughput platforms. 

Gross profit as a percentage of revenue (gross margin) was   70.1%   in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   69.9%   in   the first three quarters of 2015  .  Gross margins increased primarily due to a greater mix of sequencing consumables, partially offset by a decline in service margin.  Our gross margin in future periods will depend on several factors, including: market conditions that may impact our pricing power; sales mix changes among consumables, instruments, and services; product mix changes between established products and new products in new markets; royalties; our cost structure for manufacturing operations; and product support obligations.     

Income from operations   decreased     $24.8 million   in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015   primarily due to the increase in research and development and selling, general and administrative  expenses, which we expect will continue to grow.  The increase in operating expenses was partially offset by higher gross profit.   

Our effective tax rate was   24.9%   in   the first three quarters of 2016  , compared to   20.9%   in   the first three quarters of 2015  .  The variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35% was primarily attributable to the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, such as in Singapore and the United Kingdom, partially offset by the tax impact associated with the investments in our consolidated variable interest entities.  Our future effective tax rate may vary from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate due to the mix of earnings in tax jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates and the other factors discussed in the risk factor  We are subject to risks related to taxation in multiple jurisdictions  in Part I Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 3, 2016  .  We anticipate that our effective tax rate will trend lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate in the future due to the portion of our earnings that will be subject to lower statutory tax rates. 

Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments were   $1.5 billion   as of   October 2, 2016  .    

Results of Operations 
    
  To enhance comparability, the following table sets forth our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income for the specified reporting periods stated as a percentage of total revenue. 

Our fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks ending the Sunday closest to December 31, with quarters of 13 or 14 weeks ending the Sunday closest to March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31.  The   three and nine   month periods ended   October 2, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   were both 13 and 39 weeks, respectively. 
  
    21 

     Table of Contents  

Revenue    

Product revenue consists primarily of revenue from the sale of consumables and instruments.  Service and other revenue consist primarily of sequencing and genotyping service revenue as well as instrument service contract revenue.  Our consolidated VIEs are in the development stage and have no revenues to date.  
     
  QTD 2016 vs. QTD 2015 
    
  Revenue increased   $56.9 million  , or   10%  , to   $607.1 million   in   Q3 2016   compared to   $550.3 million   in   Q3 2015  . 
    
  Consumables revenue   increased     $75.3 million  , or   23%  , to   $396.4 million   in   Q3 2016   compared to   $321.1 million   in   Q3 2015  , driven primarily by growth in both of our sequencing and microarray consumables.  
    
  Instrument revenue   decreased     $33.0 million  , or   23%  , to   $112.4 million   in   Q3 2016   compared to   $145.4 million   in   Q3 2015  , primarily due to lower shipments of our high-throughput platforms.  
    
  Service and other revenue increased   $13.9 million  , or   18%  , to   $93.4 million   in   Q3 2016   compared to   $79.4 million   in   Q3 2015  , driven by revenue from genotyping services and extended maintenance service contracts associated with a larger sequencing installed base. 
    
  YTD 2016 vs. YTD 2015 
    
  Revenue   increased     $150.8 million  , or   9%  , to   $1,779.0 million   in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   $1,628.2 million   in   the first three quarters of 2015  . 
    
  Consumables revenue   increased     $203.7 million  , or   22%  , to   $1,136.5 million   in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   $932.8 million   in   the first three quarters of 2015  , driven by growth in the sequencing instrument installed base. 
    
  Instrument revenue   decreased     $91.5 million  , or   20%  , to   $355.6 million   in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   $447.1 million   in   the first three quarters of 2015  , primarily due to lower shipments of our high-throughput platforms. 
    
  Service and other revenue   increased     $37.1 million  , or   16%  , to   $272.6 million   in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   $235.5 million   in   the first three quarters of 2015  , driven by revenue from genotyping services and extended instrument service contracts associated with a larger sequencing installed base, partially offset by our noninvasive prenatal testing customers shifting to in-house testing on our sequencers.  
    
  Gross Margin 

QTD 2016 vs. QTD 2015 
    
  Gross margin   decreased   to   70.2%   in   Q3 2016   from   70.4%   in   Q3 2015  .  Gross margin   decreased   primarily due to a decline in service margin, partially offset by a greater mix of sequencing consumables. 
    
  YTD 2016 vs. YTD 2015 
    
  Gross margin   increased   to   70.1%   in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   69.9%   in   the first three quarters of 2015  , primarily due to a greater mix of sequencing consumables, partially offset by a decline in service margin.  
  
    22 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Expense 

QTD 2016 vs. QTD 2015 
    
  Research and development (R D) expense   increased   by   $26.7 million  , or   27%  , in   Q3 2016   from   Q3 2015  .  Core Illumina R D expense increased by   $12.4 million  , or   13%  , in Q3 2016 from Q3 2015 primarily due to increased employee and related expenses as we continue to invest in the development of products as well as enhancements to existing products.  Our consolidated VIEs contributed   $14.3 million   to the increase, primarily due to increased employee headcount and product development related expenses.  
    
  Selling, general and administrative (SG A) expense   increased   by   $2.5 million  , or   2%  , in   Q3 2016   from   Q3 2015  .  Our consolidated VIEs contributed   $4.5 million   to the increase, primarily due to increased employee headcount, offset by lower professional service fees related to the Helix start-up.  This was partially offset by a decrease in Core Illumina SG A expense of   $2.0 million  , or   2%  , primarily due to a decrease in employee related expenses.  
    
  Legal contingencies in   Q3 2015   represent charges related to litigation matters. 
    
  Headquarter relocation in   Q3 2015   consisted primarily of a net gain related to a change in a lease exit liability. 
    
  YTD 2016 vs. YTD 2015 
    
  Research and development expense   increased   by   $87.3 million  , or   30%  , in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  .  Core Illumina R D expense increased by   $58.9 million  , or   21%  , primarily due to increased headcount and outside services as we continue to invest in the development of new products as well as enhancements to existing products.  Our consolidated VIEs contributed   $28.4 million   to the increase, primarily due to employee related expenses for GRAIL and a full three quarters of operating results for Helix in 2016.  
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense   increased   by   $59.5 million  , or   16%  , in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  .  Core Illumina SG A expense increased by   $45.0 million  , or   12%  , primarily due to increased headcount and facilities investment to support the continued growth and scale of our operations, as well as outside services.  Our consolidated VIEs contributed   $14.5 million   to the increase, due to employee related expenses for GRAIL and a full three quarters of operating results for Helix in 2016.  
    
  Legal contingencies in   the first three quarters of 2016   represent a reversal of previously recorded expense related to the settlement of patent litigation. 
    
  Acquisition related gain, net, in   the first three quarters of 2015   consisted of changes in fair value of contingent consideration and transaction related costs for Core Illumina.  The changes in the fair value of contingent consideration were primarily due to changes in the estimated payments. 
  
    23 

     Table of Contents  

Other Income (Expense), Net    

Other income (expense), net primarily relate to Core Illumina for all periods presented. 
    
  QTD 2016 vs. QTD 2015 
    
    Interest expense consisted primarily of accretion of discount on our convertible senior notes.  The decrease in interest expense in   Q3 2016   compared to   Q3 2015   was due to a lower outstanding principal balance on the 2016 Notes, which matured in March 2016. 
    
  Other (expense) income, net   in   Q3 2015   primarily consists of a $3.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt.  There was no such loss in the same period of the current year.   
    
  YTD 2016 vs. YTD 2015 
    
  Interest expense consisted primarily of accretion of discount on our convertible senior notes. The decrease in interest expense in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015   was due to a lower outstanding principal balance on the 2016 Notes, which matured in March 2016.  
    
  Cost-method investment gain, net  , during   the first three quarters of 2015   consisted primarily of a gain on the sale of a cost-method investment. 
    
  Other (expense) income, net  , in   the first three quarters of 2016   primarily consisted of net foreign exchange gains and losses.    Other (expense) income, net  , in   the first three quarters of 2015   consists of a $3.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt and net foreign exchange gains and losses.  

24 

     Table of Contents  

Provision for Income Taxes 

QTD 2016 vs. QTD 2015 
    
  Our effective tax rate was   24.2%   for   Q3 2016   compared to   10.3%   in   Q3 2015  .  The variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35% in Q3 2016 was primarily attributable to the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, such as in Singapore and the United Kingdom, partially offset by the tax impact associated with the investments in our consolidated variable interest entities.  The variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35% in Q3 2015, was primarily attributable to a discrete tax benefit of $24.8 million, related to the exclusion of stock compensation from prior period cost-sharing charges as a result of a tax court opinion in which an unrelated third party was successful in challenging such charges.  The decrease from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate also resulted from the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, such as in Singapore and the United Kingdom. 

YTD 2016 vs. YTD 2015 
    
  Our effective tax rate was   24.9%   in   the first three quarters of 2016  .  The variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35% was primarily attributable to the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, such as in Singapore and the United Kingdom, partially offset by the tax impact associated with the investments in our consolidated variable interest entities.  For   the first three quarters of 2015  , our effective tax rate was   20.9%  .  
  The variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35% was primarily attributable to a discrete tax benefit of $24.8 million, related to the exclusion of stock compensation from prior period cost-sharing charges as a result of a tax court opinion in which an unrelated third party was successful in challenging such charges. The decrease from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate also resulted from the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, such as in Singapore and the United Kingdom. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  At   October 2, 2016  , we had approximately   $794.7 million   in cash and cash equivalents, of which approximately   $349.0 million   were held by our foreign subsidiaries.  Cash and cash equivalents held by our consolidated VIEs as of   October 2, 2016   were   $103.6 million  .  Cash and cash equivalents increased by   $25.9 million   from   January 3, 2016  , due to the factors described in the  Cash Flow Summary  below.  Our primary source of liquidity, other than our holdings of cash, cash equivalents and investments, has been cash flows from operations.  Our ability to generate cash from operations provides us with the financial flexibility we need to meet operating, investing, and financing needs.  It is our intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future foreign earnings in foreign subsidiaries.   
    
  Historically, we have liquidated our short-term investments or issued debt and equity securities to finance our business needs as a supplement to cash provided by operating activities.  As of   October 2, 2016  , we had   $741.6 million   in short-term investments.  Short-term investments held by our foreign subsidiaries as of   October 2, 2016   were approximately   $256.2 million  .  Our short-term investments include marketable securities consisting of U.S. government-sponsored entities, corporate debt securities, and U.S. Treasury securities. 
    
  During   the first three quarters of 2016  ,   $75.5 million   in principal of the 2016 Notes were converted.  The 2016 Notes became convertible on April 1, 2014 through, and including, March 11, 2016.  All 2016 Notes were converted by March 11, 2016.  The convertible senior notes due 2019 and 2021 were not convertible as of   October 2, 2016  .  

25 

     Table of Contents  

We anticipate that our current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, together with cash provided by operating activities are sufficient to fund our near term capital and operating needs for at least the next 12 months.  Operating needs include the planned costs to operate our business, including amounts required to fund working capital and capital expenditures.  Our primary short-term needs for capital, which are subject to change, include: 
             
    support of commercialization efforts related to our current and future products, including expansion of our direct sales force and field support resources both in the United States and abroad; 
                
    acquisitions of equipment and other fixed assets for use in our current and future manufacturing and research and development facilities; 
                
    the continued advancement of research and development efforts; 
                
    potential strategic acquisitions and investments; 
                
    potential early repayment of debt obligations as a result of conversions;  
                
    the expansion needs of our facilities, including costs of leasing and building out additional facilities; and 
                
    repurchases of our outstanding common stock. 
       
  As of   October 2, 2016  ,   $236.9 million   remains under an authorized stock repurchase program.  
    
  Certain noncontrolling Helix investors may require Illumina to redeem all noncontrolling interests in cash at the then approximate fair market value.  Such redemption right is exercisable at the option of certain noncontrolling interest holders after January 1, 2021, provided that a bona fide pursuit of the sale of Helix has occurred and an initial public offering of Helix has not been completed.  The fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests related to Helix as of   October 2, 2016   was   $33.1 million  .  
    
  On April 14, 2016, we announced our commitment to invest   $100.0 million   in a new venture capital investment fund established by Nicholas Naclerio, Ph.D., our former Senior Vice President, Corporate and Venture Development.  The capital commitment is callable over ten years, and up to $40.0 million can be drawn down during the first year.  During the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  , the Company transferred   $3.2 million   of its cost-method investments to the Fund and contributed   $4.4 million   in cash.  
    
  We expect that our revenue and the resulting operating income, as well as the status of each of our new product development programs, will significantly impact our cash management decisions. 
    
  Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of our available funds will depend on many factors, including: 
             
    our ability to successfully commercialize and further develop our technologies and create innovative products in our markets; 
                
    scientific progress in our research and development programs and the magnitude of those programs; 
                
    competing technological and market developments; and 
                
    the need to enter into collaborations with other companies or acquire other companies or technologies to enhance or complement our product and service offerings. 
       
  Cash Flow Summary 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities in   the first three quarters of 2016   consisted of net income of   $320.5 million   plus net adjustments of   $180.5 million   partially offset by net changes in operating assets and liabilities of   $93.9 million  .  The primary non-cash expenses added back to net income included depreciation and amortization expenses of   $103.5 million  , share-based compensation of   $101.8 million  , deferred income tax of   $57.5 million  , and accretion of debt discount of   $22.3 million  .  These non-cash add-backs were partially offset by   $109.9 million   in incremental tax benefit related to share-based compensation.  Cash flow impact from changes in net operating assets included increases in inventory and other assets, and  decreases in accrued liabilities and accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in other long term liabilities, and decreases in accounts receivable and prepaid expenses. 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities in   the first three quarters of 2015   consisted of net income of   $354.5 million   plus net adjustments of   $166.8 million   partially offset by net changes in operating assets and liabilities of   $102.1 million  .  The primary non-cash expenses added back to net income included share-based compensation of   $97.1 million  , depreciation and amortization expenses of   $93.7 million  , deferred income taxes of   $83.7 million  , and accretion of debt discount of   $29.8 million  .  These non-cash add-backs were partially offset by   $121.7 million   in incremental tax benefit related to share-based compensation,   $15.5 million   in cost-method investment gain, net, and   $6.4 million   in change in fair value of contingent consideration.  Cash flow impact from changes in net operating assets included increases in accounts receivable and inventory, partially offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  Net cash used in investing activities totaled   $341.2 million   for   the first three quarters of 2016  .  We purchased   $679.1 million   of available-for-sale securities and   $554.6 million   of our available-for-sale securities matured or were sold during the period.  We also paid net cash of   $17.8 million   for acquisitions and invested   $178.4 million   in capital expenditures primarily associated with facilities and the purchase of manufacturing, research and development equipment.  
    
  Net cash used in investing activities totaled   $335.5 million   for   the first three quarters of 2015  .  We purchased   $713.9 million   of available-for-sale securities and   $525.3 million   of our available-for-sale securities matured or were sold during the period.  We invested   $107.4 million   in capital expenditures primarily associated with machinery and equipment, facilities and information technology equipment and systems primarily related to our enterprise resource planning implementation. 
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Net cash used in financing activities totaled   $41.2 million   for   the first three quarters of 2016  .  We used   $113.1 million   to repurchase our common stock,   $76.4 million   to pay taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards, and   $29.2 million   to pay acquisition related contingent consideration.  We used   $70.5 million   to repay financing obligations.  We received   $109.9 million   in incremental tax benefit related to share-based compensation,   $47.2 million   in proceeds from issuance of common stock through the exercise of stock options and the sale of shares under our employee stock purchase plan,   $5.0 million   in proceeds from issuance of debt related to an outstanding line of credit held by Helix, and   $5.9 million   in proceeds from early exercises of equity awards from a subsidiary.  Contributions from noncontrolling interest owners were   $80.0 million  .  
    
  Net cash used in financing activities totaled   $165.6 million   for   the first three quarters of 2015  .  We used   $95.2 million   to pay taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards and   $72.3 million   to repurchase our common stock.  We used   $216.2 million   to repay financing obligations.  We received   $121.7 million   in incremental tax benefit related to share-based compensation and   $65.7 million   in proceeds from issuance of common stock through the exercise of stock options and the sale of shares under our employee stock purchase plan.  Contributions from noncontrolling interest owners were   $32.1 million  .  
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We do not participate in any transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.  During   the first three quarters of 2016  , we were not involved in any  off-balance sheet arrangements  within the meaning of the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

27 

     Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  In preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements, we make estimates, assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on our net revenue, operating income and net income, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our balance sheet.  We believe that the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting policies described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 3, 2016   have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements, so we consider them to be our critical accounting policies and estimates.  There were no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates during   the first three quarters of 2016  . 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  For summary of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our condensed consolidated financial statements, see note  1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  in Part I, Item 1, Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
    
  Consideration Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and adequacy of resources.  Words such as  anticipate,   believe,   continue,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   plan,   potential,   predict,   project,  or similar words or phrases, or the negatives of these words, may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward looking.  Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements regarding the integration of our acquired technologies with our existing technology, the commercial launch of new products, the entry into new business segments or markets, and the duration which our existing cash and other resources is expected to fund our operating activities. 
    
  Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected or implied by the forward-looking statements.  Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements include the following: 

our ability to develop and commercialize our instruments and consumables, to deploy new products, services, and applications, and expand the markets for our technology platforms; 
                
    our ability to manufacture robust instrumentation and consumables; 
                
    our ability to identify and integrate acquired technologies, products, or businesses successfully; 
                
    our expectations and beliefs regarding prospects and growth for the business and its markets;  
                
    the assumptions underlying our critical accounting policies and estimates;  
                
    our assessments and estimates that determine our effective tax rate;  
                
    our assessments and beliefs regarding the outcome of pending legal proceedings and any liability that we may incur as a result of those proceedings;  
                
    uncertainty, or adverse economic and business conditions, including as a result of slowing or uncertain economic growth in the United States or worldwide; and 
                
    other factors detailed in our filings with the SEC, including the risks, uncertainties, and assumptions described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 3, 2016  , or in information disclosed in public conference calls, the date and time of which are released beforehand. 
     The foregoing factors should be considered together with other factors detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent filings on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, or in information disclosed in public conference calls, the date and time of which are released beforehand.  We undertake no obligation, and do not intend to update these forward-looking statements, to review or confirm analysts  expectations, or to provide interim reports or updates on the  
  
    28 

     Table of Contents  

progress of the current financial quarter.  Accordingly, you should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
  There were no substantial changes to our market risks in the   nine   months ended   October 2, 2016  , when compared to the disclosures in Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 3, 2016  . 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
    
  We design our internal controls to provide reasonable assurance that (1) our transactions are properly authorized; (2) our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use; and (3) our transactions are properly recorded and reported in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  We also maintain internal controls and procedures to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and our established financial policies. 
    
  Based on management s evaluation (under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO)), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  During   Q3 2016  , we continued to monitor and evaluate the operating effectiveness of key controls related to process enhancements arising out of our enterprise resource planning system implementation in 2015.  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect internal control over financial reporting. 
  
    29 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
    
  We are involved in various lawsuits and claims arising in the ordinary course of business, including actions with respect to intellectual property, employment, and contractual matters.  In connection with these matters, we assesses, on a regular basis, the probability and range of possible loss based on the developments in these matters.  A liability is recorded in the financial statements if it is believed to be probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  Because litigation is inherently unpredictable and unfavorable results could occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events.  We regularly review outstanding legal matters to determine the adequacy of the liabilities accrued and related disclosures.  The amount of ultimate loss may differ from these estimates.  Each matter presents its own unique circumstances, and prior litigation does not necessarily provide a reliable basis on which to predict the outcome, or range of outcomes, in any individual proceeding.  Because of the uncertainties related to the occurrence, amount, and range of loss on any pending litigation or claim, we are currently unable to predict their ultimate outcome, and, with respect to any pending litigation or claim where no liability has been accrued, to make a meaningful estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome.  In the event that opposing litigants or claims ultimately succeed at trial and any subsequent appeals on their claims, any potential loss or charges in excess of any established accruals, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows in the period in which the unfavorable outcome occurs or becomes probable, and potentially in future periods. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
    
  Our business is subject to various risks, including those described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 3, 2016  , which we strongly encourage you to review.  There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A of our Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
    
  None during the quarterly period ended   October 2, 2016  . 
    
  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
    
   On July 28, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program, which supersedes all prior and available repurchase authorizations, to repurchase $250.0 million of outstanding common stock.  The following table summarizes shares repurchased pursuant to these programs during the three months ended   October 2, 2016  .    

  ___________ 
  (1) All shares purchased during the three months ended   October 2, 2016  , were made in open-market transactions. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
    
  None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
    
  Not applicable. 

30 

Table of Contents  

Item 5. Other Information. 
    
  None. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

31 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ILLUMINA, INC. 
  (registrant) 

Date:  
    November 7, 2016 
      
    /s/ M  ARC   A. S  TAPLEY 

Marc A. Stapley 
  Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fy16q310-qex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF FRANCIS A. DESOUZA PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Francis A. deSouza, certify that: 
    
                     1 
      
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Illumina, Inc.; 

2 
      
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3 
      
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
      
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
      
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:   November 7, 2016    
                       
    By: 
      
    /s/ FRANCIS A. DESOUZA 

Francis A. deSouza 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fy16q310-qex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF MARC A. STAPLEY PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Marc A. Stapley, certify that: 
    
                   1 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Illumina, Inc.; 

2 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:   November 7, 2016    
                       
    By: 
      
    /s/ M  ARC   A. S  TAPLEY 

Marc A. Stapley 

Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 fy16q310-qex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF FRANCIS A. DESOUZA PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 
  1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES- 
  OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Annual Report of Illumina, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the three months ended   October 2, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Francis A. deSouza, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Dated:   November 7, 2016    

By: 
      
    /s/ FRANCIS A. DESOUZA 

Francis A. deSouza 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

This certification accompanying the Report is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities such Section, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before, on or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 fy16q310-qex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF MARC A. STAPLEY PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
  SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Annual Report of Illumina, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the three months ended   October 2, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Marc A. Stapley, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Dated:   November 7, 2016    

By: 
      
    /s/ M  ARC   A. S  TAPLEY 

Marc A. Stapley 

Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanying the Report is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities such Section, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before, on or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ilmn-20161002.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ilmn-20161002.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ilmn-20161002_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ilmn-20161002_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ilmn-20161002_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ilmn-20161002_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

