<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161122_10-K-A_edgar_data_1416090_0001493152-16-015373_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1498599</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>265851</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>52141</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1051044</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>113</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-015373.hdr.sgml : 20161122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161122061317
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-015373
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INCEPTION MINING INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001416090
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				352302128
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55219
		FILM NUMBER:		162011681

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5330 SO  900 E
		STREET 2:		STE 280
		CITY:			MURRAY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-312-8113

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5330 SO  900 E
		STREET 2:		STE 280
		CITY:			MURRAY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLD AMERICAN MINING CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100628

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SILVER AMERICA, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100310

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLF ALLIANCE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080225

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-015373.txt : 20161122

10-K/A
 1
 form10-ka.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K/A   

    Amendment
No. 1   

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015  

OR  

Commission
File No. 333-147056  

INCEPTION
MINING, INC.    

  (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code   (801) 312-8113    

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Title
    of each class registered:  
      Name
    of each exchange on which registered:   
 
       None   
       None    

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  

Common
Stock, $0.00001 par value.    

(Title
of Class)  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X]
No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer [  ]  
      Non-accelerated
    filer [  ]  
      Smaller
    reporting company [X]   

(Do
    not check if a smaller  
     reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [  ] Yes [X] No  

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter: $35,225,594.   

The
number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of April 21, 2016 was 264,750,145.  

EXPLANATORY NOTE  

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
unless otherwise indicated, the terms  we,   us,   our  and  the Company  refer
to Inception Mining, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K/A ( Form 10-K/A )
is being filed as Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2016 (the  Original Filing ). 

This Form 10-K/A is being filed to: 

(a)   
      Restate the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 to reflect revised valuations
of derivative liabilities and debt discounts on convertible notes;    

(b)  
       Restate
                                         results disclosed for the above noted changes to the consolidated financial statements;  

(c)  
      Amend
    the cover page to correctly state the registration of the Company s common stock   

The restatements are being made in accordance
with ASC 250,  Accounting Changes and Error Corrections.  The disclosure provision of ASC 250 requires a company that
corrects an error to disclose that its previously issued financial statements have been restated, a description of the nature
of the error, the effect of the correction on each financial statement line item and any per share amount affected for each prior
period presented, and the cumulative effect on retained earnings (deficit) in the statement of financial position as of the beginning
of the each period presented. 

The effects of the adjustments on the Company s
previously issued 2015 consolidated financial statement are summarized as follows: 

Consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015: 

Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
for the year ended December 31, 2015: 

The adjustments above reflect restatement
due to revised valuations of derivative liabilities on convertible notes payable and the associated debt discounts being recognized
during the year, together with the change in the derivative liability and the amortization of the debt discounts during the year.
The adjustments to the derivative liabilities were caused by an error in the VWAP calculation used to determine the valuation
of the derivative liabilities. 

For the convenience of the reader, this
Form 10-K/A sets forth the Original Filing in its entirety. However, this Form 10-K/A only amends and restates the Items described
above, and we have not modified or updated other disclosures presented in our Original Filing, with the exception of a few typographical
errors in the original file. Accordingly, this Amendment No. 1 does not reflect events occurring after the filing of our Original
Filing and does not modify or update those disclosures affected by subsequent events, except as specifically referenced herein.
Information not affected by this restatement is unchanged and reflects the disclosures made at the time of the Original Filing
on May 3, 2016. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS    

GLOSSARY
    OF MINING TERMS   
         
      3   
 
        PART
    I    

ITEM
    1.  
       BUSINESS   
         
      5   
 
      ITEM
    1A.  
       RISK
    FACTORS   
         
      8   
 
      ITEM
    1B.  
       UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS   
         
      17   
 
      ITEM
    2.  
       PROPERTIES   
         
      17   
 
      ITEM
    3.  
       LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS   
         
      18   
 
      ITEM
    4.  
       MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
         
      18   

PART
    II    

ITEM
    5.  
       MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
         
      18   
 
      ITEM
    6.  
       SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA   
         
      20   
 
      ITEM
    7.  
       MANAGEMENT S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
         
      20   
 
      ITEM
    7A.  
       QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK   
         
      28   
 
      ITEM
    8.  
       FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (RESTATE D )   
         
      28   
 
      ITEM
    9.  
       CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   
         
      28   
 
      ITEM
    9A(T).  
       CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES   
         
      29   
 
      ITEM
    9B.  
       OTHER
    INFORMATION   
         
      30   

PART
    III    

ITEM
    10.  
       DIRECTORS,
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
         
      30   
 
      ITEM
    11.  
       EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION   
         
      33   
 
      ITEM
    12.  
       SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
         
      34   
 
      ITEM
    13.  
       CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   
         
      35   
 
      ITEM
    14.  
       PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   
         
      35   

PART
    IV    

ITEM
    15.  
       EXHIBITS   
         
      36   

SIGNATURES   
         
      38   

GLOSSARY
OF MINING TERMS   

An
 exploration stage  prospect is one which is not in either the development or production stage.  

  development
stage  

A
 development stage  project is one which is undergoing preparation of an established commercially mineable deposit
for its extraction but which is not yet in production. This stage occurs after completion of a feasibility study.  

  mineralized  

The
term  mineralized material  refers to material that is not included in the reserve as it does not meet all of the
criteria for adequate demonstration for economic or legal extraction.  

  probable
reserve  

The
term  probable reserve  refers to reserves for which quantity and grade and/or quality are computed from information
similar to that used for proven (measured) reserves, but the sites for inspection, sampling, and measurement are farther apart
or are otherwise less adequately spaced. The degree of assurance, although lower than that for proven reserves, is high enough
to assume continuity between points of observation.  

  production
stage  

A
 production stage  project is actively engaged in the process of extraction and beneficiation of mineral reserves
to produce a marketable metal or mineral product.  

  proven
reserve  

The
term  proven reserve  refers to reserves for which (a) quantity is computed from dimensions revealed in outcrops,
trenches, workings or drill holes; grade and/or quality are computed from the results of detailed sampling and (b) the sites for
inspection, sampling and measurement are spaced so closely and the geologic character is so well defined that size, shape, depth
and mineral content of reserves are well-established.  

The
term  reserve  refers to that part of a mineral deposit which could be economically and legally extracted or produced
at the time of the reserve determination. Reserves must be supported by a feasibility study done to bankable standards that demonstrates
the economic extraction. ( Bankable standards  implies that the confidence attached to the costs and achievements
developed in the study is sufficient for the project to be eligible for external debt financing.) A reserve includes adjustments
to the in-situ tons and grade to include diluting materials and allowances for losses that might occur when the material is mined.  

Additional
definitions for terms currently or previously used in the Company s Annual Reports filed on Form 10-K:  

Assay
   a measure of the valuable mineral content.  

Block
model    The representation of geologic units using three-dimensional blocks of pre-determined sizes.  

Cut-off
grade    When determining economically viable mineral reserves, the lowest grade of mineralized material that qualifies
as ore, i.e. that can be mined at a profit.  

Diamond
drill    A type of rotary drill in which the cutting is done by abrasion rather than by percussion. The drill cuts a
core of rock which is recovered in long cylindrical sections.  

Fault
 - A fracture in the earth s crust caused by tectonic forces with displacement along the fracture.  

Feasibility
study    A study or group of studies that determine the economic viability of a given mineral occurrence.  

g/t
or gpt    Grams per metric ton.  

Grade
   A term used to assign metal value to resources and reserves, such as gram per ton (g/t) or troy ounces per ton (oz/ton).  

Gravity
   A methodology using instrumentation allowing the accurate measuring of the difference between densities of various
geological units in situ.  

Heap
leaching    A process which uses dilute sodium-cyanide solutions to percolate through run-of-mine or crushed ore heaped
on lined pad to dissolve gold and/or silver.  

in-situ
   in its natural position  

Mineral
   A naturally formed chemical element or compound having a definite chemical composition and, usually, a characteristic
crystal form.  

Mineralization
   A natural occurrence in rocks or soil of one or more metal yielding minerals.  

Mineral
deposit    A mineralized body, which has been intersected by a sufficient number of drill holes or by underground workings
to give an estimate of grade(s) of metal(s) and thus to warrant further exploration or development. A mineral deposit does not
qualify as a commercially viable mineral deposit with reserves under standards set by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
until a final, comprehensive, economic, technical and legal feasibility study has been completed.  

Mining
   The process of extraction and beneficiation of mineral reserves to produce a marketable metal or mineral product.
Exploration continues during the mining process and, in many cases, mineral reserves are expanded during the life of the mine
operations as the exploration potential of the deposit is realized.  

NSR
   A net smelter returns royalty, which is customarily calculated by subtracting from gross revenues a deduction for
calculated mill recoveries, transport costs of any concentrates to a smelter, treatment and refining charges, and other deductions
at the smelter and multiplying that result by the prescribed rate.  

Open
pit    Surface mining in which the ore is extracted from a pit or quarry, the geometry of the pit may vary with the characteristics
of the ore body.  

Ore
 - A natural aggregate of one or more minerals which, at a specified time and place, may be mined and processed and the product(s)
sold at a profit or from which some part may be profitably separated.  

Ore
body    a mostly solid and fairly continuous mass of mineralization estimated to be economically mineable.  

Ore
grade    the average weight of the valuable metal or mineral contained in a specific weight of ore i.e. grams per ton
of ore  

Oxide
   gold bearing ore which results from the oxidation of near surface sulfide ore  

Quartz
   a mineral composed of silicon dioxide, SiO2 (silica).  

Reclamation
   The process by which lands disturbed as a result of mining activity are modified to support beneficial land use. Reclamation
activity may include the removal of buildings, equipment, machinery and other physical remnants of mining, closure of tailings
storage facilities, leach pads and other mine features, and contouring, covering and re-vegetation of waste rock and other disturbed
areas.  

Rock
   indurated naturally occurring mineral matter of various compositions.  

Sampling
and analytical variance/precision    an estimate of the total error induced by sampling, sample preparation and analysis.  

SEC
Industry Guide 7    U.S. reporting guidelines that apply to registrants engaged or to be engaged in significant mining
operations.  

Sediment
   particles transported by water, wind, gravity or ice.  

Sedimentary
rock    rock formed at the earth s surface from solid particles, whether mineral or organic, which have been moved
from their position of origin and re-deposited  

Strike
   the direction or trend that a structural surface, e.g. a bedding or fault plane, takes as it intersects the horizontal  

Strip
   to remove barren rock or overburden in order to expose ore  

Vein
   a thin, sheet like crosscutting body of hydrothermal mineralization, principally quartz.  

PART
I   

ITEM
1. BUSINESS   

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise indicated, the terms  we,   us,   our 
and  the Company  refer to Inception Mining, Inc., a Nevada corporation.  

Forward-Looking
Statements and Associated Risks. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
include statements regarding, among other things, (1) discussions about mineral resources and mineralized material, (2) our projected
sales and profitability, (3) our growth strategies, (4) anticipated trends in our industry, (5) our future financing plans, (6)
our anticipated needs for working capital, (7) our lack of operational experience and (8) the benefits related to ownership of
our common stock. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations,
are generally identifiable by use of the words  may,   will,   should,   expect, 
 anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   intend,  or  project  or the
negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. These statements constitute forward-looking
statements. This information may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results,
performance, or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied
by any forward-looking statements. These statements may be found under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  as well as in this filing generally. Actual events or results may differ materially
from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined
under Item 1A below and other risks and matters described in this filing and in our other SEC filings. In light of these risks
and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur as
projected. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements.   

The
Company   

Overview   

We
are a mining company that was formed in Nevada on July 2, 2007. As a mining company, we are engaged in the production of previous
metals. Our activities are not limited to production and they also include acquisition, exploration, and development of mineral
properties, primarily for gold, from owned mining properties. Inception Mining has acquired two projects, as described below.
Our target properties are those that have been the subject of historical exploration. We have generated revenue from mining operations.  

On
October 2, 2015, the Company consummated a merger with Clavo Rico Ltd. ( Clavo Rico ). Clavo Rico is a privately held
Turks and Caicos company with principal operations in Honduras, Central America. Clavo Rico operates the Clavo Rico mining concession
through its subsidiaries Compa  a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A de C.V. and Compa  a Minera Clavo Rico,
S.A. de C.V. and holds other mining concessions. Its workings include several historical underground mining operations dating
back to the early Mayan and Spanish occupation.  

On
January 11, 2016, the Company authorized a 5.5:1 reverse stock split on its shares of common stock with a record date of January
11, 2016. The reverse split has not yet been approved and announced by FINRA.  

On
February 25, 2013, the Company acquired certain real property and the associated exploration permits and mineral rights commonly
known as the U.P. and Burlington Gold Mine ( UP   Burlington ) pursuant to that certain asset purchase agreement
entered between the Company, its majority shareholder (the  Majority Shareholder ), and its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Inception Development Inc. (the  Subsidiary ) on one hand, and Inception Resources on the other hand, dated February
25, 2013 (the  Asset Purchase Agreement ). We are presently in the exploration stage at UP   Burlington. UP  
Burlington contains two Federal patented mining claims which Inception Resources acquired for the purpose of the exploration and
potential development of gold on the 40 acres which comprises UP   Burlington.  

As
part of our initial Plan of Operations for UP   Burlington, we have two-phases. During Phase I, we have obtained the necessary
permitting to make an additional access road and surface improvements. We have implemented a bulk sample project on the surface
of a 2,500 foot per day-lighted vein to depths of 40-60 feet. We plan to implement a Confirmatory Core Drilling Program that will
be (NI43-101) compliant, with Vein Definition and Ore Valuation. In Phase II, we plan to contract an underground mining and operations
plan, expand portal development leveraging existing underground access and implement underground mining to a depth based on optimizing
costs versus processed ore value. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in implementing either Phase I or Phase II.  

The
Company and its independent consultants have developed a detailed exploration-drilling program to confirm and expand mineralized
zones in these mines and collect additional environmental and technical data. The first phase of confirmation and expansion will
begin in 2015 and the Company intends to continue evaluation, metallurgical testing, engineering and environmental programs and
studies during 2016 and soon thereafter update the historic feasibility study and environmental permit applications.  

We
also plan to review opportunities and acquire additional mineral properties with current or historic precious and base metal mineralization
with meaningful exploration potential.  

Competition
and Mineral Prices   

We
compete with many companies in the mining business, including larger, more established mining companies with substantial capabilities,
personnel and financial resources. There is a limited supply of desirable mineral lands available for claim-staking, lease or
acquisition in the United States and other areas where we may conduct exploration activities. Because we compete with individuals
and companies that have greater financial resources and larger technical staffs, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in acquiring
desirable mineral properties. From time to time, specific properties or areas that would otherwise be attractive to us for exploration
or acquisition are unavailable due to their previous acquisition by other companies or our lack of financial resources. Competition
in the mining industry is not limited to the acquisition of mineral properties but also extends to the technical expertise to
find, advance, and operate such properties; the labor to operate the properties; and the capital needed to fund the acquisition
and operation of such properties. Competition may result in our company being unable not only to acquire desired properties, but
to recruit or retain qualified employees, to obtain equipment and personnel to assist in our exploration activities or to acquire
the capital necessary to fund our operation and advance our properties. Our inability to compete with other companies for these
resources would have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and business. The mineral exploration industry is highly
fragmented, and we are a very small participant in this sector. Many of our competitors explore for a variety of minerals and
control many different properties around the world. Many of them have been in business longer than we have and have established
strategic partnerships and relationships and have greater financial resources than we do.  

There
is significant competition for properties suitable for gold exploration. As a result, we may be unable to continue to acquire
interests in attractive properties on terms that we consider acceptable. We will be subject to competition and unforeseen limited
sources of supplies in the industry in the event spot shortages arise for supplies such as dynamite, and certain equipment such
as drill rigs, bulldozers and excavators that we will need to conduct exploration. If we are unsuccessful in securing the products,
equipment and services we need we may have to suspend our exploration plans until we are able to secure them.  

Market
for Gold   

In
the event that gold is produced from our property, we believe that wholesale purchasers for the gold would be readily available,
as many purchasers of precious metals exist in the United States and abroad. Among the largest are Handy   Harman, Engelhard
Industries and Johnson Matthey, Ltd. Historically, these markets are liquid and volatile. Wholesale purchase prices for precious
metals can be affected by a number of factors, all of which are beyond our control, including but not limited to:  

fluctuation
    in the supply of, demand, and market price for gold;   

mining
    activities of our competitors;   

sale
    or purchase of gold by central banks and for investment purposes by individuals and financial institutions;   

interest
    rates;   

currency
    exchange rates;   

inflation
    or deflation;   

fluctuation
    in the value of the United States dollar and other currencies; and   

political
    and economic conditions of major gold or other mineral-producing countries.   

If
we find gold that is deemed of economic grade and in sufficient quantities to justify removal, we may seek additional capital
through equity or debt financing to build a mine and processing facility, or enter into joint venture or other arrangements with
large and more experienced companies better able to fund ongoing exploration and development work, or find some other entity to
mine our property on our behalf, or sell or lease our rights to mine the gold. Upon mining, the ore would be processed through
a series of steps that produces a rough concentrate. This rough concentrate is then sold to refiners and smelters for the value
of the minerals that it contains, less the cost of further concentrating, refining and smelting. Refiners and smelters then sell
the gold on the open market through brokers who work for wholesalers including the major wholesalers listed above. We have not
found any gold as of today, and there is no assurance that we will find any gold in the future.  

Compliance
with Government Regulation   

Mining
Operations   

UP
and BURLINGTON (Lemhi County, Idaho)  

Mine
operation is governed by both federal and state law. We will be required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives
of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to the exploration of minerals in the United States generally. Federal laws,
such as those governing the purchase, transport or storage of explosives, and those governing mine safety and health, also apply.
The Company plans to obtain a Lemhi County Conditional Use Permit, an Idaho Department of Lands Surface Reclamation Bond and permitting
for the U.S. Forest Service Access Road.  

When
this mine comes into production we will also be subject to the rules and regulations of the Mine Safety and Health Administration,
a Division of the United States Department of Labor.  

CLAVO
RICO (Honduras, Central America)  

The
mining operations in Honduras are governed by the national entities Honduran Institute of Geology and Mines (INHGEOMIN) and Ministry
of Natural Resources and Environment (SERNA). The Clavo Rico mine has operated under a grandfathered concession granted many years
ago and has now complied with all regulatory requirements of the above agencies and the recently adopted Honduran Mining laws
(The General Mining Law was approved by Legislative Decree No. 238-2012, dated January 23, 2013), including employee health and
safety regulations, Environmental requirements, water discharge requirements, and potential reclamation requirements. As the above
ministries have only limited operational experience and the new mining law has only recently been adopted, the interpretation,
adoption and enforcement of many regulations are evolving. Other local ordinances (municipality of El Corpus) minor and most regulatory
efforts are as a result of interaction between the mine and the local populace, (examples include use of the mine haul road for
local traffic, restricting mine operations to daylight hours for noise considerations, watering for dust control, etc.) where
no regulation or law exists, we have attempted to duplicate best practices as required in other business climates.  

These
laws and regulations are continually changing and, as a general matter, are becoming more restrictive. The Company s policy
is to conduct our business in a manner that safeguards public health and mitigates the environmental effects of our business activities.
To comply with these laws and regulations, we have made, and in the future may be required to make, capital and operating expenditures.  

Environmental
Laws    

Mining
activities at the Company s properties are also subject to various environmental laws, both federal and state, including
but not limited to the federal National Environmental Policy Act, CERCLA (as defined below), the Resource Recovery and Conservation
Act, the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act and the Endangered Species Act, and certain Idaho state laws governing the discharge
of pollutants and the use and discharge of water. Various permits from federal and state agencies are required under many of these
laws. Local laws and ordinances may also apply to such activities as construction of facilities, land use, waste disposal, road
use and noise levels.  

These
laws and regulations are continually changing and, as a general matter, are becoming more restrictive. The Company s policy
is to conduct our business in a manner that safeguards public health and mitigates the environmental effects of our business activities.
To comply with these laws and regulations, we have made, and in the future may be required to make, capital and operating expenditures.  

The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended (CERCLA), imposes strict, joint, and
several liabilities on parties associated with releases or threats of releases of hazardous substances. Liable parties include,
among others, the current owners and operators of facilities at which hazardous substances were disposed or released into the
environment and past owners and operators of properties who owned such properties at the time of such disposal or release. This
liability could include response costs for removing or remediating the release and damages to natural resources. Our properties,
because of past mining activities, could give rise to potential liability under CERCLA.  

Under
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) and related state laws, mining companies may incur costs for generating, transporting,
treating, storing, or disposing of hazardous or solid wastes associated with certain mining-related activities. RCRA costs may
also include corrective action or cleanup costs.  

Mining
operations may produce air emissions, including fugitive dust and other air pollutants, from stationary equipment, such as crushers
and storage facilities, and from mobile sources such as trucks and heavy construction equipment. All of these sources are subject
to review, monitoring, permitting, and/or control requirements under the federal Clean Air Act and related state air quality laws.
Air quality permitting rules may impose limitations on our production levels or create additional capital expenditures in order
to comply with the permitting conditions.  

Under
the federal Clean Water Act and the delegated Colorado water-quality program, point-source discharges into waters of the State
are regulated by the National Pollution Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) program. Storm water discharges also are regulated
and permitted under that statute. Section 404 of the Clean Water Act regulates the discharge of dredge and fill material into
Waters of the United States, including wetlands. All of those programs may impose permitting and other requirements on our operations.  

The
National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) requires an assessment of the environmental impacts of major federal actions. The federal
action requirement must be satisfied if the project involves federal land or if the federal government provides financing or permitting
approvals. NEPA does not establish any substantive standards, but requires the analysis of any potential impacts. The scope of
the assessment process depends on the size of the project. An Environmental Assessment (EA) may be adequate for smaller projects.
An Environmental Impact Statement (EIS), which is much more detailed and broader in scope than an EA, is required for larger projects.
NEPA compliance requirements for any of our proposed projects could result in additional costs or delays.  

The
Endangered Species Act (ESA) is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service of the U.S. Department of Interior. The purpose
of the ESA is to conserve and recover listed endangered and threatened species and their habitat. Under the ESA, endangered means
that a species is in danger of extinction throughout all or a significant portion of its range. The term threatened under such
statute means that a species is likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future. Under the ESA, it is unlawful to take
a listed species, which can include harassing or harming members of such species or significantly modifying their habitat. Future
identification of endangered species or habitat in our project areas may delay or adversely affect our operations.  

U.S.
federal and state reclamation requirements often mandate concurrent reclamation and require permitting in addition to the posting
of reclamation bonds, letters of credit or other financial assurance sufficient to guarantee the cost of reclamation. If reclamation
obligations are not met, the designated agency could draw on these bonds or letters of credit to fund expenditures for reclamation
requirements. Reclamation requirements generally include stabilizing, contouring and re-vegetating disturbed lands, controlling
drainage from portals and waste rock dumps, removing roads and structures, neutralizing or removing process solutions, monitoring
groundwater at the mining site, and maintaining visual aesthetics.  

Capital
Equipment and Research   Development Expenditures   

During
the year ended December 31, 2015, we did not incur any expense related to research and development. Additionally, we are not currently
conducting any research and development activities other than those relating to the possible acquisition of new gold and/or silver
properties or projects of which there is no guarantee. As we proceed with our exploration programs, we may need to engage additional
contractors and consider the possibility of adding additional permanent employees, as well as the possible purchase or lease of
equipment.  

Employees   

As
of the date of this filing, we currently employ ninety-five (95) full-time employees and generally around twenty-one (21) temporary
employees in the United States and Honduras. We have contracts with various independent contractors and consultants to fulfill
additional needs, including investor relations, exploration, development, permitting, and other administrative functions, and
may staff further with employees as we expand activities and bring new projects on line.  

Patents,
Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises, Concessions, Royalty Agreements or Labor Contracts   

We
do not currently own any patents or trademarks. Also, we are not a party to any license or franchise agreements, concessions,
royalty agreements or labor contracts arising from any patents or trademarks.  

Company
Information   

The
public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE,
Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. Further information about the
Company may be found at its website: www.inceptionmining.com. The Company makes available its filings to investors, free of charge,
on this website.  

RISK
FACTORS   

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following risks, along with all
of the other information included in this report, before deciding to buy our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. If we are unable
to prevent events that have a negative effect from occurring, then our business may suffer.   

Risks
Relating to Our Company   

We
have incurred losses since our inception in 2007 and may never be profitable, which raises doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern.    

Since
our inception in 2007, we have had nominal operations and incurred operating losses. As of December 31, 2015, our accumulated
deficit since inception was $30,353,270. We have substantial current obligations and at December 31, 2015, we had $34,886,375
of current liabilities compared to only $1,140,777 of current assets. Since inception, we have been able to raise only minimal
additional capital, and we have minimal cash on hand. Accordingly, the Company does not have sufficient cash resources or current
assets to pay its current obligations, and we have been meeting many of our obligations through the issuance of our common stock
to our employees, consultants and advisors as payment for the goods and services.  

Our
management continues to search for additional financing; however, considering the difficult U.S. and global economic conditions
along with the substantial turmoil in the capital and credit markets, there is a significant possibility that we will be unable
to obtain financing to continue our operations.  

As
we are in the beginning stages of our exploration activities on UP   Burlington, and such property has not generated revenue
in the recent past, we expect to incur additional losses in the foreseeable future, and such losses may continue to be significant.
To become profitable, we must be successful in raising capital to continue with our mining efforts, exploration activities, meet
the work commitment requirements on UP   Burlington and Clavo Rico, discover economically feasible mineralization deposits
and establish reserves, successfully develop the properties and finally realize adequate prices on our minerals in the marketplace.
It could be years before we receive any revenues from gold production, if ever. Thus, we may never be profitable.  

These
circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as described in an explanatory paragraph
to our independent registered public accounting firm s report on our audited financial statements as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2015. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, investors will likely lose all of their investment in
our company.  

We
have a limited operating history.    

As
an early stage company that has recently made acquisitions, we are subject to all the risks inherent in the initial organization,
financing, expenditures, complications, and delays inherent in a new business. Investors should evaluate an investment in us in
light of the uncertainties encountered by developing companies in a competitive environment. Our business is dependent upon the
implementation of our business plan. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately
be able to attain profitability. Additionally, the Company s recent merger with the operating foreign entity was based on
a review of all historical data and potential revenue streams and resources as could be ascertained from the submission of documents
and a thorough review of all data made available. We believe the materials to be accurate and have attempted to discount the valuations
due to perceived risks of foreign operations and the tasks of incorporating a non-public entity into inception.  

The
feasibility of mineral extraction from UP   Burlington has not yet been established, as we have not completed exploration
or other work necessary to determine if it is commercially feasible to develop the properties.    

UP
  Burlington does not have any proven or probable reserves. A  reserve,  as defined by the SEC, is that part of
a mineral deposit which could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. A reserve
requires a feasibility study demonstrating with reasonable certainty that the deposit can be economically extracted and produced.
We have not yet completed our feasibility study with regard to UP   Burlington. As a result, we currently have no reserves
and there are no assurances that we will be able to prove that there are reserves on UP   Burlington.  

Exploring
for gold is an inherently speculative business.    

Natural
resource exploration, and exploring for gold in particular, is a business that by its nature is very speculative. There is a strong
possibility that we will not discover gold or any other resources that can be mined or extracted at a profit. Even if we do discover
gold or other deposits, the deposit may not be of the quality or size necessary for us to make a profit after extracting it. Few
properties that are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. Unusual or unexpected geological formations, geological
formation pressures, fires, power outages, labor disruptions, flooding, explosions, cave-ins, landslides, and the inability to
obtain suitable or adequate machinery, equipment or labor are just some of the many risks involved in mineral exploration programs
and the subsequent development of gold deposits.  

We
will require significant additional capital to continue our exploration activities, and, if warranted, to develop mining operations.    

We
will be required to raise significantly more capital in order to develop UP   Burlington for mining production, assuming economically
viable reserves exist. There is no assurance that our investments in UP   Burlington will be financially productive. We will
also be required to raise significantly more capital in order to fund our Clavo Rico operations. Our ability to obtain necessary
funding depends upon a number of factors, including the price of gold, base metals, and other minerals we are able to mine, the
status of the national and worldwide economy, and the availability of funds in the capital markets. If we are unable to obtain
the required financing in the near future for these or other purposes, our exploration activities would be delayed or indefinitely
postponed, we would likely may lose our lease and options to acquire an ownership interest in UP   Burlington and be unable
to fund our operations at the Clavo Rico mine in Honduras. This would likely lead to failure of our Company. Even if financing
is available, it may be on terms that are not favorable to us, in which case, our ability to become profitable or to continue
operating would be adversely affected. If we are unable to raise funds, the market value of our securities will likely decline,
and our investors may lose some or all of their investment.  

The
global financial conditions may have an impact on our business and financial condition in ways that we currently cannot predict.    

The
continued pressure on commodities markets and related turmoil in the global financial system may have an impact on our business
and financial position. The recent high costs of consumables may negatively impact costs of our operations. In addition, current
financial market conditions may limit our ability to raise capital through credit and equity markets. As discussed further below,
the prices of the metals that we may produce are affected by a number of factors, and it is unknown how these factors will be
impacted by a continuation of the financial crisis.  

Fluctuating
gold and mineral prices could negatively impact our business plan.    

The
potential for profitability of our gold and mineral mining operations and the value of any mining properties we may acquire will
be directly related to the market price of gold and minerals that we mine. Historically, gold and other mineral prices have widely
fluctuated, and are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including inflation, currency fluctuations, regional and global demand,
and political and economic conditions. Fluctuations in the price of gold and other minerals that we mine may have a significant
influence on the market price of our common stock and a prolonged decline in these prices will have a negative effect on our results
of operations and financial condition.  

Our
business is subject to extensive environmental regulations which may make exploring for or mining prohibitively expensive, and
which may change at any time.    

All
of our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations, which could make exploration expensive or prohibit it altogether.
We may be subject to potential liabilities associated with the pollution of the environment and the disposal of waste products
that may occur as the result of exploring and other related activities on our properties. We may have to pay to remedy environmental
pollution, which may reduce the amount of money that we have available to use for exploration. This may adversely affect our financial
position, which may cause you to lose your investment. If we are unable to fully remedy an environmental problem, we might be
required to suspend operations or to enter into interim compliance measures pending the completion of the required remedy. If
a decision is made to mine our properties and we retain any operational responsibility for doing so, our potential exposure for
remediation may be significant, and this may have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial position. We have
not yet purchased insurance for potential environmental risks (including potential liability for pollution or other hazards associated
with the disposal of waste products from our exploration activities). However, if we mine one or more of our properties and retain
operational responsibility for mining, then such insurance may not be available to us on reasonable terms or at a reasonable price.
All of our exploration and, if warranted, development activities may be subject to regulation under one or more local, state and
federal environmental impact analyses and public review processes. It is possible that future changes in applicable laws, regulations
and permits or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could have significant impact on some portion of our
business, which may require our business to be economically re-evaluated from time to time. These risks include, but are not limited
to, the risk that regulatory authorities may increase bonding requirements beyond our financial capability. Inasmuch as posting
of bonding in accordance with regulatory determinations is a condition to the right to operate under all material operating permits,
increases in bonding requirements could prevent operations even if we are in full compliance with all substantive environmental
laws.  

We
may be denied the government licenses and permits which we need to explore on our properties. In the event that we discover commercially
exploitable deposits, we may be denied the additional government licenses and permits which we will need to mine our properties.    

Exploration
activities usually require the granting of permits from various governmental agencies. For example, exploration drilling on unpatented
mineral claims requires a permit to be obtained from the United States Bureau of Land Management, which may take several months
or longer to grant the requested permit. Depending on the size, location and scope of the exploration program, additional permits
may also be required before exploration activities can be undertaken. Prehistoric or Indian grave yards, threatened or endangered
species, archeological sites or the possibility thereof, difficult access, excessive dust and important nearby water resources
may all result in the need for additional permits before exploration activities can commence. As with all permitting processes,
there is the risk that unexpected delays and excessive costs may be experienced in obtaining required permits. The needed permits
may not be granted at all. Delays in or our inability to obtain necessary permits will result in unanticipated costs, which may
result in serious adverse effects upon our business.  

The
values of our properties are subject to volatility in the price of gold and any other deposits we may seek or locate.    

Our
ability to obtain additional and continuing funding, and our profitability in the event we ever commence mining operations or
sell our rights to mine, will be significantly affected by changes in the market price of gold. Further, the gold deposits that
are recovered from our Clavo Rico mine with also be subject to the volatility in the price of gold. Gold prices fluctuate widely
and are affected by numerous factors, all of which are beyond our control. Some of these factors include the sale or purchase
of gold by central banks and financial institutions; interest rates; currency exchange rates; inflation or deflation; fluctuation
in the value of the United States dollar and other currencies; speculation; global and regional supply and demand, including investment,
industrial and jewelry demand; and the political and economic conditions of major gold or other mineral producing countries throughout
the world, such as Russia and South Africa. The price of gold or other minerals have fluctuated widely in recent years, and a
decline in the price of gold could cause a significant decrease in the value of our properties, limit our ability to raise money,
and render continued exploration and development of our properties impracticable. If that happens, then we could lose our rights
to our properties and be compelled to sell some or all of these rights. Additionally, the future development of our properties
beyond the exploration stage is heavily dependent upon the level of gold prices remaining sufficiently high to make the development
of our properties economically viable. You may lose your investment if the price of gold decreases. The greater the decrease in
the price of gold, the more likely it is that you will lose money.  

Our
property titles may be challenged. We are not insured against any challenges, impairments or defects to our mineral claims or
property titles. We have not fully verified title to our properties.    

Our
future unpatented claims will be created and maintained in accordance with the federal General Mining Law of 1872. Unpatented
claims are unique U.S. property interests and are generally considered to be subject to greater title risk than other real property
interests because the validity of unpatented claims is often uncertain. This uncertainty arises, in part, out of the complex federal
and state laws and regulations under the General Mining Law. Defending any challenges to our future property titles may be costly,
and may divert funds that could otherwise be used for exploration activities and other purposes. In addition, unpatented claims
are always subject to possible challenges by third parties or contests by the federal government, which, if successful, may prevent
us from exploiting our discovery of commercially extractable gold. Challenges to our title may increase our costs of operation
or limit our ability to explore on certain portions of our properties. We are not insured against challenges, impairments or defects
to our property titles, nor do we intend to carry extensive title insurance in the future. Potential conflicts to our mineral
claims are discussed in detail elsewhere herein.  

Honduran
mining operations have increased exposure.     

Sustaining
foreign mining operations, such as those in Honduras, comes with increased uncertainty, due to less stable governments, political
interruptions, volatility in taxes and fees, implementation of new laws and regulations, and more. The effect of this exposure
can lead to closure of operations, nationalization, and strikes, all of which are beyond the company s control. Granting
and maintaining concessions is highly subject to political whim and maintaining the concessions is subject to a number of factors
and variables beyond the company s control. We do not currently insure against these interruptions but have chosen to structure
our operations to minimize exposure to capital assets by subcontracting major areas of work, and to otherwise keep our financial
exposure limited even at the expense of operation costs and our bottom line.  

Foreign
operations involve numerous risks associated with fluctuating exchange rates and other financial risks.    

Foreign
operations involve numerous risks associated with fluctuating exchange rates and with increasing taxes and fees associated with
importing of necessary goods, equipment and services not adequately found in country and with exporting of the finished gold dore .
Recent enactment of the Honduran mining laws has helped stabilize the fees, but continual review by the various government operations,
and central bank subject the historical operations to review and could impact our ability to export on a timely basis and/or face
possible fines etc. associated with repatriation of past revenues, etc.  

Possible
amendments to the General Mining Law could make it more difficult or impossible for us to execute our business plan.    

The
U.S. Congress has considered proposals to amend the General Mining Law of 1872 that would have, among other things, permanently
banned the sale of public land for mining. The proposed amendment would have expanded the environmental regulations to which we
might be subject and would have given Indian tribes the ability to hinder or prohibit mining operations near tribal lands. The
proposed amendment would also have imposed a royalty of 8% of gross revenue on new mining operations located on federal public
land, which might have applied to our future properties. The proposed amendment would have made it more expensive or perhaps too
expensive to recover any otherwise commercially exploitable gold deposits which we might find on our future properties. While
at this time the proposed amendment is no longer pending, this or similar changes to the law in the future could have a significant
impact on our business model.  

Market
forces or unforeseen developments may prevent us from obtaining the supplies and equipment necessary to explore for gold and other
resources.    

Gold
exploration, and resource exploration in general, demands contractors available for such work, and unforeseen shortages of supplies
and/or equipment could result in the disruption of our planned exploration activities. Current demand for exploration drilling
services, equipment and supplies is robust and could result in suitable equipment and skilled manpower being unavailable at scheduled
times for our exploration program. Fuel prices are extremely volatile as well. We will attempt to locate suitable equipment, materials,
manpower and fuel if sufficient funds are available. If we cannot find the equipment and supplies needed for our various exploration
programs, we may have to suspend some or all of them until equipment, supplies, funds and/or skilled manpower become available.
Any such disruption in our activities may adversely affect our exploration activities and financial condition.  

We
may not be able to maintain the infrastructure necessary to conduct exploration activities.    

Our
exploration activities depend upon adequate infrastructure. Reliable roads, bridges, power sources, and water supply are important
factors that affect capital and operating costs. Unusual or infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage, government or other interference
in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could adversely affect our exploration activities and financial condition.  

Our
exploration activities may be adversely affected by the local climates, which could prevent or impair us from exploring our properties
year round.    

The
local climate in our area of operations may impair or prevent us from conducting exploration activities on our properties year
round. Because of its rural location and limited infrastructure in this area, our property is generally impassible for several
days each year as a result of significant rain or snow events. Earthquakes, heavy rains, snowstorms, and floods could result in
serious damage to or the destruction of facilities, equipment or means of access to our properties, or may otherwise prevent us
from conducting exploration activities on our properties.  

We
do not currently carry any property or casualty insurance.    

Our
business is subject to a number of risks and hazards generally, including but not limited to, adverse environmental conditions,
industrial accidents, unusual or unexpected geological conditions, ground or slope failures, cave-ins, changes in the regulatory
environment, and natural phenomena such as inclement weather conditions, floods and earthquakes. Such occurrences could result
in damage to our properties, equipment, infrastructure, personal injury or death, environmental damage, delays, monetary losses
and possible legal liability. You could lose all or part of your investment if any such catastrophic event occurs. We do not carry
any property or casualty insurance at this time (but we will carry all insurances that we are required to by law, such as motor
vehicle and workers  compensation, plus other coverage that may be in the best interest of the Company). Even if we do obtain
insurance, it may not cover all of the risks associated with our operations. Insurance against risks such as environmental pollution
or other hazards as a result of exploration and operations are often not available to us or to other companies in our business
on acceptable terms. Should any events against which we are not insured actually occur, we may become subject to substantial losses,
costs and liabilities, which will adversely affect our financial condition.  

Reclamation
obligations could require significant additional expenditures.    

We
are responsible for the reclamation obligations related to any exploratory and mining activities. The satisfaction of current
and future bonding requirements and reclamation obligations will require a significant amount of capital. There is a risk we will
be unable to fund these additional bonding requirements, and further, increases to our bonding requirements or excessive actual
reclamation costs will negatively affect our financial position and results of operation.  

Title
to mineral properties can be uncertain, and we are at risk of loss of ownership of our property.    

Our
ability to explore and mine future leased and optioned properties depends on the validity of title to that property. These uncertainties
relate to such things as the sufficiency of mineral discovery, proper posting and marking of boundaries, failure to meet statutory
guidelines, assessment work and possible conflicts with other claims not determinable from descriptions of record. Since a substantial
portion of all mineral exploration, development and mining in the United States now occurs on unpatented mining claims, this uncertainty
is inherent in the mining industry. Thus, there may be challenges to the title to future properties, which, if successful, could
impair development and/or operations.  

The
probability of a mining claim having the necessary quantity and quality to result in a profitable mining operation is uncertain,
and our claims, even with large investments by us, may never generate a profit.    

We
are dependent upon the successful exploration of our mining property and the discovery of valuable mineralization on the property.
All anticipated future revenues would come directly or indirectly from the UP   Burlington and Clavo Rico projects. Should
we fail to locate economically extractable mineralization on our property, or enter into an agreement to option and sell our interests
to some other mining operation, we will have no revenue and our business will fail.  

Our
ongoing operations and past mining activities of others are subject to environmental risks, which could expose us to significant
liability and delay, suspension or termination of our operations.    

Mining
exploration and exploitation activities are subject to federal, state and local laws, regulations and policies, including laws
regulating the removal of natural resources from the ground and the discharge of materials into the environment. These regulations
mandate, among other things, the maintenance of air and water quality standards and land reclamation. They also set forth limitations
on the generation, transportation, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous waste. Exploration and exploitation activities
are also subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations which seek to maintain health and safety standards by regulating
the design and use of exploration methods and equipment.  

Environmental
and other legal standards imposed by federal, state or local authorities are constantly evolving, and typically in a manner which
will require stricter standards and enforcement, and increased fines and penalties for non-compliance. Such changes may prevent
us from conducting planned activities or increase our costs of doing so, which would have material adverse effects on our business.
Moreover, compliance with such laws may cause substantial delays or require capital outlays in excess of those anticipated, thus
causing an adverse effect on us. Additionally, we may be subject to liability for pollution or other environmental damages that
we may not be able to or elect not to insure against due to prohibitive premium costs and other reasons. Unknown environmental
hazards may exist on UP   Burlington and/or on Clavo Rico, or we may acquire properties in the future that have unknown environmental
issues caused by previous owners or operators, or that may have occurred naturally.  

We
could be exposed to significant liability for violations of hazardous substances laws because of the use or presence of such substances
at our project.    

Our
mining operations are subject to numerous federal, state, and local statutory and regulatory standards relating to the use, storage,
and disposal of hazardous substances. We use cyanide, propane and industrial lubricants and other substances at our mining locations,
which are or could become classified as hazardous substances. If it is discovered that any hazardous substances have been released
into the environment at or by the project in concentrations that exceed regulatory limits, we could become liable for the investigation
and removal of those substances, regardless of their source and time of release. If we fail to comply with these laws, ordinances
or regulations (or any change thereto), we could be subject to civil or criminal liability, the imposition of liens or fines,
and large expenditures to bring the project into compliance. Furthermore, we may be held liable for the cleanup of releases of
hazardous substances at other locations where we arranged for disposal of those substances, even if we did not cause the release
at that location. The cost of any remediation activities in connection with a spill or other release of such substances could
be significant.  

UP
  Burlington and Clavo Rico are subject to royalties on production.    

As
part of our purchase of UP   Burlington, we granted a Net Smelter Royalty ( NSR ) of 3%. Additionally, our Clavo
Rico project has a NSR of 5% in addition to a refinery royalty of 3%. In addition, claims made by currently-unknown third parties
for historical royalties may be asserted against us.  

Our
industry is highly competitive, attractive mineral lands are scarce, and we may not be able to obtain quality properties.    

We
compete with many companies in the mining industry, including large, established mining companies with capabilities, personnel
and financial resources that far exceed our limited resources. In addition, there is a limited supply of desirable mineral lands
available for claim-staking, lease or acquisition in the United States, and other areas where we may conduct exploration activities.
We are at a competitive disadvantage in acquiring mineral properties, since we compete with these larger individuals and companies,
many of which have greater financial resources and larger technical staffs. Likewise, our competition extends to locating and
employing competent personnel and contractors to prospect, develop and operate mining properties. Many of our competitors can
offer attractive compensation packages that we may not be able to meet. Such competition may result in our company being unable
not only to acquire desired properties, but to recruit or retain qualified employees or to acquire the capital necessary to fund
our operation and advance our properties. Our inability to compete with other companies for these resources would have a material
adverse effect on our results of operation and business.  

We
depend on our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and the loss of these individuals could adversely affect our
business.    

Our
company is completely dependent on our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Ahlin, and our Chief Financial Officer, Trent D Ambrosio
who are also members of our Board of Directors. As of the date of this report the two are significant to the company. Thus, the
loss of either Ahlin or D Ambrosio could significantly and adversely affect our business, and certainly the loss of both
of these individuals on or about the same time could result in a complete failure of the Company. We do not carry any life insurance
on the life of Ahlin or D Ambrosio.  

The
nature of mineral exploration and production activities involves a high degree of risk and the possibility of uninsured losses
that could materially and adversely affect our operations.    

Exploration
for minerals is highly speculative and involves greater risk than many other businesses. Many exploration programs do not result
in the discovery of economically feasible mineralization. Few properties that are explored are ultimately advanced to the stage
of producing mines. We are subject to all of the operating hazards and risks normally incident to exploring for and developing
mineral properties such as, but not limited to:  

economically
    insufficient mineralized material;   

fluctuations
    in production costs that may make mining uneconomical;   

labor
    disputes;   

unanticipated
    variations in grade and other geologic problems;   

environmental
    hazards;   

water
    conditions;   

difficult
    surface or underground conditions;   

industrial
    accidents, such as personal injury, fire, flooding, cave-ins, and landslides;   

metallurgical
    and other processing problems;   

mechanical
    and equipment performance problems; and    

decreases
    in revenues and reserves due to lower gold and mineral prices.   

Any
of these risks can materially and adversely affect, among other things, the development of properties, production quantities and
rates, costs and expenditures and production commencement dates. We currently have no insurance to guard against any of these
risks. If we determine that capitalized costs associated with any of our mineral interests are not likely to be recovered, we
would incur a write-down of our investment in these interests. All of these factors may result in losses in relation to amounts
spent that are not recoverable.  

Our
operations are subject to permitting requirements that could require us to delay, suspend or terminate our operations on our mining
property.     

Our
operations and exploration activities require permits from the local, state and federal governments. We may be unable to obtain
these permits in a timely manner, on reasonable terms or at all. If we cannot obtain or maintain the necessary permits, or if
there is a delay in receiving these permits, our timetable and business plan for Inception will be adversely affected.  

We
may never find commercially viable gold or other reserves on UP and Burlington.    

Mineral
exploration and development involve a high degree of risk and few properties that are explored are ultimately developed into producing
mines. We cannot assure you that any future mineral exploration and development activities will result in any discoveries of proven
or probable reserves as defined by the SEC since such discoveries are remote. Nor can we provide any assurance that, even if we
discover commercial quantities of mineralization, a mineral property will be brought into commercial production. Development of
our mineral properties will follow only upon obtaining sufficient funding and satisfactory exploration results.  

Mineral
deposit estimates are imprecise and subject to error.    

Mineral
deposit estimation calculations may prove unreliable. Assumptions made regarding the supporting data may prove inaccurate and
unforeseen events may lead to further inaccuracies. Sample variability, mining and processing adjustments, environmental changes,
metal price fluctuations, and law and regulation changes are all factors that could lead to deviances from any original estimations.
Despite future investment in exploration activities, there is no guarantee we will locate additional commercially viable ore deposits
or reserves. Most exploration projects do not result in discovery of commercially viable and mineable ore deposits. With little
capital available, we will have to limit our exploration, which decreases the chances of finding a commercially viable ore body.
Even if potentially promising mineralization is identified at UP   Burlington, we may choose to not begin production due to
high extraction costs, low gold prices, or inadequate amount and reduced recovery rates. Further, we may cease our production
operations at Clavo Rico due to high extraction costs, low gold prices, or inadequate amount and reduced recovery rates. If exploration
activities do not suggest a commercially successful prospect, then we may altogether abandon plans to pursue efforts to further
develop these properties.  

Historical
production of gold at UP   Burlington and Clavo Rico may not be indicative of the potential for future development or revenue.    

Historical
production of gold and minerals from UP   Burlington and Clavo Rico cannot be relied upon as an indication that these mines
will have commercially feasible reserves. Investors in our securities should not rely on historical operations of UP   Burlington
and Clavo Rico as an indication that we will be able to place them into commercial production again. We expect to incur losses
unless and until such time as the properties enter into commercial production and generate sufficient revenue to fund our continuing
operations.  

Our
independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.    

In
their audit opinion issued in connection with our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2015 and our related consolidated
statements of operations, deficiency in stockholders  deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2015, our
auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern given our recurring net losses, negative
cash flows from operations and the limited amount of funds on our balance sheet. We have prepared our financial statements on
a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the
normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should
we be unable to continue in existence. This could make it more difficult to raise capital in the future.  

Risks
Associated with Our Common Stock   

Trading
on the Over the Counter markets may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make
it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares.    

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink tier of the over-the-counter markets administered by OTC Markets Group, Inc under the symbol
 IMII . Trading in stock quoted on over the counter markets is often thin, volatile, and characterized by wide fluctuations
in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could
depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the over the counter markets
are not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the over the counter markets is often more sporadic than the trading of
securities listed on other stock exchanges such as the NASDAQ Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange or American Stock Exchange.
Accordingly, our shareholders may have difficulty reselling any of their shares.  

Our
stock is a penny stock. Trading of our stock may be restricted by the SEC s penny stock regulations and the FINRA s
sales practice requirements, which may limit a stockholders  ability to buy and sell our stock.    

Our
stock is a penny stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines penny stock to be any equity security that has
a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.
Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who
sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. The term accredited investor refers generally to institutions
with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000
or $300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock
not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides
information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide
the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customers  account.
The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally
or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s
confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from
these rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the
purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect
of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently,
these penny stock rules may affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny
stock rules discourage broker-dealer and investor interest in, and limit the marketability of, our common stock.  

Our
common stock may be affected by limited trading volume and price fluctuation which could adversely impact the value of our common
stock.    

There
has been limited trading in our common stock and there can be no assurance that an active trading market in our common stock will
either develop or be maintained. Our common stock has experienced, and is likely to experience in the future, significant price
and volume fluctuations which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance.
In addition, we believe that factors such as quarterly fluctuations in our financial results and changes in the overall economy
or the condition of the financial markets could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. These fluctuations
may also cause short sellers to periodically enter the market in the belief that we will have poor results in the future. We cannot
predict the actions of market participants and, therefore, can offer no assurances that the market for our common stock will be
stable or appreciate over time.  

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholders  ability to buy and sell our stock.    

In
addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the SEC, which are discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor, FINRA
rules require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that
the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax
status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high
probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it
more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability to buy and
sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market value for our shares.  

Because
the SEC imposes additional sales practice requirements on brokers who deal in shares of penny stocks, some brokers may be unwilling
to trade our securities. This means that you may have difficulty reselling your shares, which may cause the value of your investment
to decline.    

Our
shares are classified as penny stocks and are covered by Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act ) which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell our securities in this offering or
in the aftermarket. For sales of our securities, broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination and receive a written
agreement prior from you to making a sale on your behalf. Because of the imposition of the foregoing additional sales practices,
it is possible that broker-dealers will not want to make a market in our common stock. This could prevent you from reselling your
shares and may cause the value of your investment to decline.  

A
decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise further working capital, it may adversely impact our
ability to continue operations and we may go out of business.    

A
prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction
in our ability to raise capital. Because we may attempt to acquire a significant portion of the funds we need in order to conduct
our planned operations through the sale of equity securities, or convertible debt instruments, a decline in the price of our common
stock could be detrimental to our liquidity and our operations because the decline may cause investors to not choose to invest
in our stock. If we are unable to raise the funds we require for all our planned operations, we may be forced to reallocate funds
from other planned uses and may suffer a significant negative effect on our business plan and operations, including our ability
to develop new products and continue our current operations. a result, our business may suffer, and not be successful and we may
go out of business. We also might not be able to meet our financial obligations if we cannot raise enough funds through the sale
of our common stock and we may be forced to go out of business.  

Our
stock price may be volatile.    

The
stock market in general has experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of any specific
public company. The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response
to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following:  

changes
    in our industry;   

competitive
    pricing pressures;   

our
    ability to obtain working capital financing;   

additions
    or departures of key personnel;   

limited
     public float  in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive
    or negative pricing pressure on the market prices of our common stock;   

sales
    of our common stock;   

our
    ability to execute our business plan;   

operating
    results that fall below expectations;   

loss
    of any strategic relationship;   

regulatory
    developments;   

economic
    and other external factors; and   

period-to-period
    fluctuations in our financial results.   

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated
to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market
price of our common stock.  

We
have never paid a cash dividend on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future.    

We
have not paid a cash dividend on our common stock to date, and we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Our ability to pay dividends will depend on our ability to successfully develop one or more properties and generate revenue from
operations. Notwithstanding, we will likely elect to retain any earnings, if any, to finance our growth. Future dividends may
also be limited by bank loan agreements or other financing instruments that we may enter into in the future. The declaration and
payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors.  

We
have not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which, shareholders may have more limited
protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters.    

Recent
federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures
designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted
in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities
exchanges, such as the NYSE or The NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures
that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges and NASDAQ are those that address board of directors 
independence, audit committee oversight and the adoption of a code of ethics. While our Board of Directors has adopted a Code
of Ethics and Business Conduct, we have not yet adopted any of these corporate governance measures and, since our securities are
not listed on a national securities exchange or NASDAQ, we are not required to do so. It is possible that if we were to adopt
some or all of these corporate governance measures, shareholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances that internal
corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct.
For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent directors,
decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees may
be made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors should
bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions.  

Difficulties
we may encounter managing our growth could adversely affect our results of operations.    

As
our business needs expand, we may need to hire a significant number of employees. This expansion may place a significant strain
on our managerial and financial resources. To manage the potential growth of our operations and personnel, we will be required
to:  

improve
    existing, and implement new, operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures;   

install
    enhanced management information systems; and   

train,
    motivate, and manage our employees.   

We
may not be able to install adequate management information and control systems in an efficient and timely manner, and our current
or planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future operations. If we are unable
to manage growth effectively, our business would be seriously harmed.  

If
we lose key personnel or are unable to attract and retain additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage
our business and achieve our objectives.    

We
believe our future success will depend upon our ability to retain our key management, Mr. Ahlin, our Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. D Ambrosio, our Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Cluff our Consulting Director. We may not be successful in attracting,
assimilating and retaining our employees in the future.  

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.    

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding
period, under Rule 144, or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly
referred to as an  overhang  and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence
of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional
financing through the sale of equity or equity related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or
appropriate.  

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES   

UP
  Burlington Gold Mine, Salmon, Lemhi County, Idaho     

On
February 25, 2013 the Company acquired certain real property and the associated exploration permits and mineral rights commonly
known as the UP and Burlington Gold Mine ( UP   Burlington ) pursuant to an asset purchase agreement. We are presently
in the exploration stage at UP   Burlington. UP   Burlington contains two federal patented mining claims, which Inception
Resources acquired for the purpose of the exploration and potential development of gold on the 40 acres which comprises this property.  

Discovered
in 1892, UP   Burlington is a private gold property that has been held unused in a family trust for the past 75 years. UP
  Burlington is located in Lemhi County, Northwest of Salmon, Idaho, at an elevation of 3,994 feet. The UP   Burlington
site is located six miles from the city of Salmon; is 0.6 miles away from the closest major road (Ridge Rd.); and is 1.56 miles
away from the closest major power line. We believe Salmon, along with the surrounding County of Lemhi, provides an excellent infrastructure
for our mine. Salmon has a population of 3,122 and Lemhi County has a population of 7,806. In September 2011, heavy maintenance
and right-of-way repair was completed and a new road to UP   Burlington was constructed.  

UP
  Burlington s two gold mining claims were brought to patent in 1900, which covers the Mine s 40 acres. Subsequently,
in 1989, a U.S. Forest Survey was performed on the UP   Burlington site confirming that the patented claims cover an area
that is six hundred feet by three thousand feet (600 x3000 ). The Mine s patented claims remove the challenges
associated when working on U.S. Forest lands, Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ), state or other property types. With
our purchase of UP   Burlington, we have the benefit of working on private land, which requires only a hauling/road permit
to commence significant operations.  

The
Company has obtained the necessary permitting, cut additional access roads, made surface improvements, and initiated surface mining
on a 2,500 foot per day lighted vein for bulk sampling, vein definition and ore valuation. In Phase II, we plan to contract an
underground mining and operations plan, expand portal development leveraging existing underground access, and implement underground
mining to a depth based on optimizing costs versus processed ore value. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in implementing
any stage of our plans.  

Our
tactical plan includes obtaining a Lemhi County Conditional Use Permit, an Idaho Department of Lands Surface Reclamation Bond,
and permitting for the U.S. Forest Service Access Road, as well as obtaining major contracts such as geotechnical contracts, surface
mining contracts, toll processing contracts and underground mine plan contracts.  

The
Company and its independent consultants have developed a detailed exploration-drilling program to confirm and expand mineralized
zones in the Mine and collect additional environmental and technical data. The first phase of confirmation and expansion drilling
began in 2013. The Company intends to continue drilling, metallurgical testing, engineering and environmental programs and studies
and has updated the historic feasibility study and environmental permit applications.  

Clavo
Rico Gold Mine, Honduras, Central America     

On
October 2, 2015, the Company consummated a merger with Clavo Rico Ltd. ( Clavo Rico ). Clavo Rico is a privately held
Turks and Caicos company with principal operations in Honduras, Central America. Clavo Rico operates the Clavo Rico mining concession
through its subsidiaries Compa  a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A de C.V. and Compa  a Minera Clavo Rico,
S.A. de C.V. and holds other mining concessions. Its workings include several historical underground mining operations dating
back to the early Mayan and Spanish occupation.  

The
Company s primary mine is located on the 200 hectare Clavo Rico Concession, located in southern Honduras. This mine was
originally explored and exploited in the 16th century by the Spanish, and more recently has been operated by Compa  a
Minera Cerros del Sur, S. de R.L. as a small family business. In 2003, Clavo Rico s predecessor purchased a 20% interest
and later increased its ownership to 99.5%. This company has since invested over five million dollars in the expansion and development
of the mine and surrounding properties.  

Corporate
Headquarters     

We
currently maintain our corporate offices at 5330 South 900 East STE 280, Murray, Utah 84117. During the year ended December 31,
2015, we paid monthly rent of approximately $450 for use of a corporate office, which we anticipate will be sufficient until we
commence full operations.  

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

We
are not aware of any material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which our property is the subject. We also
know of no proceedings to which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial holders of more
than 5% of any class of our securities, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate or security holder are an adverse
party or have a material interest adverse to us.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not
applicable as the Company conducts no mining operations in the U.S. or its territories.  

PART
II   

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Market
Information   

Our
common stock is not traded on any exchange. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink tier of the over-the-counter markets administered
by OTC Markets Group, Inc under the trading symbol  IMII.  We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the
future for our common stock.  

OTC
securities are not listed and traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC securities
transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers. OTCQB issuers are traditionally smaller
companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a national or regional stock exchange.  

The
following table reflects the high and low bid information for our common stock and reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail
mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.  

The
high and low bid prices of our common stock for the periods indicated below are as follows:  

Holders   

As of December 31, 2015 there were 1502 holders
of record of our common stock. As of April 21, 2016, there were 1,501 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends   

To
date, we have not paid dividends on shares of our common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our
common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of any dividends will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial
condition, and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors.  

Equity
Compensation Plans   

As
of April 21, 2016, we have an equity compensation plan: the 2013 Incentive Stock Plan.  

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities   

A
total of 240,225,901 shares of Common Stock of the Company were issued on a pro rata basis to the then-shareholders of Clavo Rico
as consideration for the Merger and to certain officers and directors. Specifically, as compensation for the work in closing the
Merger Agreement and for services rendered to date, certain officers and directors were issued shares of the Company s common
stock on October 2, 2015. Whit Cluff was issued 1,375,000 shares; Trent D Ambrosio was issued 3,855,929 shares; and Michael
Ahlin was issued 2,750,000 shares. The Company s transfer agent is holding these shares in book entry for the benefit of
its new shareholders. These shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder since, among
other things, the transactions did not involve a public offering.  

On
October 20, 2015, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock to Firstfire Global Opportunities Fund in consideration of
a note extension. These shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder since, among other
things, the transactions did not involve a public offering.  

On
November 3, 2015, 250,000 shares of common stock were issued to Firstfire Global Opportunities Fund as an Extension Fee pursuant
to an Amendment to the Loan Documents. These shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder
since, among other things, the transactions did not involve a public offering.  

On
December 17, 2015, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock to an investor for cash. These shares were issued pursuant
to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder since, among other things, the transactions did not involve a public
offering.  

On
January 5, 2016, 100,000 shares of common stock were issued to Brunson Chandler   Jones PLLC as payment for legal services
performed for the Company. These shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder since, among
other things, the transactions did not involve a public offering.  

On
January 11, 2016, the Company issued 5,194,537 shares of common stock to The Panamera Trust pursuant to the exercise of a warrant.
These shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder since, among other things, the transactions
did not involve a public offering.  

On
January 11, 2016, the Company issued 5,925,192 shares of common stock to Cornerstone Holdings LTD pursuant to the exercise of
a warrant. These shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder since, among other things,
the transactions did not involve a public offering.  

Repurchases
and Cancellations of Securities   

MDL
Ventures returned 250,000 shares to the Company for cancellation on November 3, 2015.  

On
December 15, 2015, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement with Brian Brewer through which he agreed to return up to 500,000
shares of common stock in the Company. Pursuant to the terms of that Settlement Agreement, 83,335 shares of common stock were
returned to the Company for cancellation on December 18, 2015, 83,333 shares of the Company were returned to the Company for cancellation
on January 15, 2016, 83,333 shares of the Company were returned to the Company for cancellation on February 17, 2016, 83,333 shares
of the Company were returned to the Company for cancellation on March 15, 2015, and 83,333 shares of the Company were returned
to the Company for cancellation on April 20, 2016.  

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

This
information is not required because we are a smaller reporting company.  

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Forward
Looking Statements   

Except
for historical information, the following Management s Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements based
upon current expectations that involve certain risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding,
among other things, (a) discussions about mineral resources and mineralized material, (b) our projected sales and profitability,
(c) our growth strategies, (d) anticipated trends in our industry, (e) our future financing plans, (f) our anticipated
needs for working capital, (g) our lack of operational experience and (h) the benefits related to ownership of our common stock.
Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally
identifiable by use of the words  may,   will,   should,   expect,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   believe,   intend,  or  project  or the negative of these words or
other variations on these words or comparable terminology. This information may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties,
and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the future results,
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. These statements may be found under  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Description of Business,  as
well as in this Report generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under  Risk Factors  and matters
described in this Report generally. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking
statements contained in this Report will in fact occur as projected.  

Overview   

On
February 25, 2013, Inception Mining, Inc. ( Inception  or the  Company ) and its majority shareholder
(the  Majority Shareholder ), and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Inception Development Inc. (the  Subsidiary ),
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  Asset Purchase Agreement ) with Inception Resources, LLC, a Utah corporation
( Inception Resources ), pursuant to which Inception purchased the UP   Burlington Gold Mine in consideration
of 16,000,000 shares of common stock of Inception, the assumption of promissory notes in the amount of $950,000 and the assignment
of a 3% net royalty. Inception Resources was an entity owned by and under the control of a shareholder. This transaction is deemed
an asset purchase by entities under common control. The Asset Purchase Agreement closed on February 25, 2013 (the  Closing ).
We were a  shell company  (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)
immediately prior to our acquisition of the gold mine pursuant to the terms of the Assert Purchase Agreement. As a result of such
acquisition, our operations are now focused on the ownership and operation of the mine acquired from Inception Resources. Consequently,
we believe that acquisition has caused us to cease to be a shell company as we no longer have nominal operations.  

We
are a mining exploration stage company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of mineral properties, primarily
for gold, from owned mining properties. Inception Resources has acquired two projects, as described below. Our target properties
are those that have been the subject of historical exploration. We have not generated revenue from mining operations.  

UP
  Burlington Gold Mine   

On
February 25, 2013, the Company acquired certain real property and the associated exploration permits and mineral rights commonly
known as the UP   Burlington Gold Mine ( UP   Burlington  or the  Mine ) pursuant to that certain
asset purchase agreement entered between the Company, its majority shareholder (the  Majority Shareholder ), and its
wholly-owned subsidiary, Inception Development Inc. (the  Subsidiary ) on one hand, and Inception Resources on the
other hand, dated February 25, 2013(the  Asset Purchase Agreement ). We are presently in the exploration stage at
UP   Burlington. UP   Burlington contains two Federal patented mining claims which Inception Resources acquired for the
purpose of the exploration and potential development of gold on the 40 acres which comprises UP   Burlington.  

UP
  Burlington is a private gold property that was discovered in 1892 and has been held unused in a family trust for the past
75 years. UP   Burlington is located in County of Lemhi, Northwest of Salmon, Idaho, at an elevation of 7,994 feet. The UP
  Burlington site is located six miles from the city of Salmon; is 0.6 miles away from the closest major road (Ridge Rd.);
and is 1.56 miles away from the closest major power line. We believe Salmon, along with the surrounding County of Lemhi, provides
an excellent infrastructure for our mine. Salmon has a population of 3,122 and Lemhi County has a population of 7,806. In September
2011, heavy maintenance and right-of-way repair was completed and a new road to UP   Burlington was constructed.  

UP
  Burlington s two gold mining claims were brought to patent in 1900, which covers the Mine s 40 acres. Subsequently,
in 1989, a U.S. Forest Survey was performed on the UP   Burlington site confirming that the patented claims cover an area
which is six hundred feet by three thousand feet (600 x3000 ). The Mine s patented claims remove the challenges
associated when working on U.S. Forest lands, Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ), state or other property types. With
our purchase of UP   Burlington, we have the benefit of working on private land, which requires only a hauling / road permit
to commence significant operations.  

As
part of our initial Plan of Operations for UP   Burlington, we have two-phases. During Phase I, we have obtained the necessary
permitting to make an additional access road and surface improvements. We have implemented a bulk sample project on the surface
of a 2,500 foot per day-lighted vein to depths of 40-60 feet. We plan to implement a Confirmatory Core Drilling Program that will
be (NI43-101) compliant, with Vein Definition and Ore Valuation. In Phase II, we plan to contract an underground mining and operations
plan, expand portal development leveraging existing underground access and implement underground mining to a depth based on optimizing
costs versus processed ore value. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in implementing either Phase I or Phase II.  

Our
Tactical Plan includes obtaining a Lemhi County Conditional Use Permit, an Idaho Department of Lands Surface Reclamation Bond
and permitting for the U.S. Forest Service Access Road, as well as obtaining major contracts such as geotechnical contracts, surface
mining contracts, toll processing contracts and underground mine plan contracts.  

The
Company and its independent consultants have developed a detailed exploration drilling program to confirm and expand mineralized
zones in the Mine and collect additional environmental and technical data. The first phase of confirmation and expansion drilling
will begin in 2016 and the Company intends to continue drilling, metallurgical testing, engineering and environmental programs
and studies during 2016 and soon thereafter update the historic feasibility study and environmental permit applications.  

We
also plan to review opportunities and acquire additional mineral properties with current or historic precious and base metal mineralization
with meaningful exploration potential.  

Clavo
Rico Mine   

On
October 2, 2015, the Company consummated a merger with Clavo Rico Ltd. ( Clavo Rico ). Clavo Rico is a privately held
Turks and Caicos company with principal operations in Honduras, Central America. Clavo Rico operates the Clavo Rico mining concession
through its subsidiaries Compa  a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A de C.V. and Compa  a Minera Clavo Rico,
S.A. de C.V. and holds other mining concessions. Its workings include several historical underground mining operations dating
back to the early Mayan and Spanish occupation.  

The
Company s primary mine is located on the 200 hectare Clavo Rico Concession, located in southern Honduras. This mine was
originally explored and exploited in the 16th century by the Spanish, and more recently has been operated by Compa  a
Minera Cerros del Sur, S. de R.L. as a small family business. In 2003, Clavo Rico s predecessor purchased a 20% interest
and later increased its ownership to 99.9%. This company has since invested over five million dollars in the expansion and development
of the mine and surrounding properties.  

The
operations begin by crushing ore to approximately 3/8-inch size pebbles, which is then mixed with sand and loaded on the recovery
pad for processing. The ore is sprinkled with a solution that leaches the gold from the rock, and the solution is collected and
processed on-site at Clavo Rico s own ADR plant. The dore bars that result from this process are shipped to the USA for
refining.  

Prior
to the expansion, the mine had only been processing approximately 500 tons of ore per month. The current recovery operation has
been sized to handle from 500 to 1,000 tons of ore per day on a recovery bed that has the capacity to receive up to 800,000 tons
of ore. This expansion represents a sizeable increase in capacity. The company commenced full operations on January 1, 2012 and
believes that sufficiently high gold content ore bodies have been located and blocked out to load the recovery bed to capacity
by the end of 2017.  

The
ore body has had some preliminary drilling undertaken by the company and the assays of samples indicate that the ore should have
grades in the range of 2-5 grams of gold per ton.  

Results
of Operations   

Year
ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014   

We
had a net loss of $27,165,344 for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was $26,983,067 more than the net loss
of $182,277 for the year ended December 31, 2014. This change in our results over the two periods is primarily the result of an
increase in cost of goods sold of $1,237,538, an increase of $28,073,191 in interest expenses due to beneficial conversion
features, a change of $(2,855,920) in derivative liabilities and an increase of $1,049,207 in general and administrative
expenses primarily due to consulting expenses. The following table summarizes key items of comparison and their related increase
(decrease) for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014:  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Our
balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, reflects assets of $1,140,777. As we had cash in the amount of $137,639 and a working capital
deficit in the amount of $33,745,598 as of December 31, 2015, we do not have sufficient working capital to enable us to
carry out our stated plan of operation for the next twelve months.  

Working
Capital   

We
anticipate generating losses and, therefore, may be unable to continue operations in the future. If we require additional capital,
we would have to issue debt or equity or enter into a strategic arrangement with a third party.  

Going
Concern Consideration   

As
reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has a net loss since inception of $30,353,270. In addition,
there is a working capital deficiency of $33,745,598 and a stockholder s deficiency of $32,040,527 as of December
31, 2015. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.  

From
March 5, 2010, the Company changed its intended business purpose to that of precious metals mineral exploration, development and
production. Management believes that actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plans
provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern.  

Cash
Flows  

Operating
Activities   

Net
cash flow provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2015 was $34,933   a decrease of $321,818
from the $356,751 net cash provided by during the year ended December 31, 2014.  

Investing
Activities   

Cash
used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2015 was $377,975   a decrease of $314,170 from the $692,145
net cash outflow during the year ended December 31, 2014.  

Financing
Activities   

Financing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2015, provided $304,459 to us, a decrease of $155,521 from the $459,980 provided
by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2014. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the company received
$675,000 from notes payable, $19,909 in advances from related parties, made payments of $305,000 in cash on notes payable and
$134,450 in cash on convertible notes and received $49,000 in cash from the issuance of common stock.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

Going Concern -  The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements during year ended
December 31, 2015, the Company incurred net losses of $10,239,578 and provided $34,933 in cash for operating activities. These
factors among others indicate that the Company may be unable to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

The Company s existence is dependent
upon management s ability to develop profitable operations and to obtain additional funding sources. There can be no assurance
that the Company s financing efforts will result in profitable operations or the resolution of the Company s liquidity
problems. The accompanying statements do not include any adjustments that might result should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

Management is currently working to make changes
that will result in profitable operations and to obtain additional funding sources to meet the Company s need for cash during
the next twelve months and beyond. 

Principles of Consolidation -  The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Inception Mining, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Inception
Development, Corp., Clavo Rico Development Corp., Clavo Rico, Ltd. and Compa    a
Minera Cerros del R   o, S.A. de C.V., and its controlling interest subsidiaries,
Compa    a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A. de C.V. and Compa   a
 Minera Clavo Rico, S.A. de C.V. (collectively, the  Company ). All intercompany accounts have been eliminated
upon consolidation. 

Basis of Presentation -  The Company
prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents -  The Company
considers all highly liquid temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
At December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, the Company had no cash equivalents. 

Inventories, Stockpiles and Mineralized
Material on Leach Pads -  Inventories, including stockpiles and mineralized material on leach pads are carried at the lower
of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value represents the estimated future sales price of the product based on current
and long-term metals prices, less the estimated costs to complete production and bring the product to sale. Write-downs of stockpiles,
mineralized material on leach pads and inventories to net realizable value are reported as a component of costs applicable to
mining revenue. Cost is comprised of production costs for mineralized material produced and processed. Production costs include
the costs of materials, costs of processing, direct labor, mine site and processing facility overhead costs, stock-based compensation,
and depreciation, amortization and depletion. 

Stockpiles   -  Stockpiles represent
mineralized material that has been extracted from the mine and is available for further processing. Stockpiles are measured by
estimating the number of tons added and removed from the stockpile. Stockpile tonnages are verified by periodic surveys. Costs
are allocated to stockpiles based on relative values of material stockpiled and processed using current mining costs incurred
up to the point of stockpiling the material, including applicable overhead, depreciation, and depletion relating to mining operations,
and removed at each stockpile s average cost per ton. 

Mineralized Material on Leach Pads 
 -  The Company utilizes a heap leaching process to recover gold from its mineralized material. Under this method, the mineralized
material is placed on leach pads where it is treated with a chemical solution that dissolves the gold contained in the material.
The resulting gold-bearing solution is further processed in a facility where the gold is recovered. Costs are added to mineralized
material on leach pads based on current mining and processing costs, including applicable depreciation relating to mining and
processing operations. Costs are transferred from mineralized material on leach pads to subsequent stages of in-process inventories
as the gold-bearing solution is processed. The value of such transferred costs of mineralized material on leach pads is based
on the average cost per estimated recoverable ounce of gold on the leach pad. 

The estimates of recoverable gold on the leach
pads are calculated from the quantities of material placed on the leach pads (measured tons added to the leach pads), the grade
of material placed on the leach pads (based on assay data) and a recovery percentage. 

Although the quantities of recoverable gold
placed on the leach pads are reconciled by comparing the quantities and grades of material placed on leach pads to the quantities
and grades quantities of gold actually recovered (metallurgical balancing), the nature of the leaching process inherently limits
the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. As a result, the metallurgical balancing process is constantly monitored and
estimates are refined based on actual results over time. Variations between actual and estimated quantities resulting from changes
in assumptions and estimates that do not result in write-downs to net realizable value are accounted for on a prospective basis. 

In-process Inventories   -  In-process
inventories represent mineralized materials that are currently in the process of being converted to a saleable product through
the absorption, desorption, recovery (ADR) process. The value of in-process material is measured based on assays of the material
fed into the process and the projected recoveries of material. In-process inventories are valued at the average cost of the material
fed into the process attributable to the source material coming from the mines, stockpiles and/or leach pads plus the in-process
conversion costs, including applicable depreciation relating to the process facilities incurred to that point in the process. 

Finished Goods Inventories   -  Finished
goods inventories include gold that has been processed through the Company s ADR facility and are valued at the average
cost of their production. 

Exploration and Development Costs -  Costs
of acquiring mining properties and any exploration and development costs are expensed as incurred unless proven and probable reserves
exist and the property is a commercially mineable property in accordance with FASB ASC 930,  Extractive Activities- Mining .
Mine development costs incurred either to develop new gold and silver deposits, expand the capacity of operating mines, or to
develop mine areas substantially in advance of current production are capitalized. Costs incurred to maintain current production
or to maintain assets on a standby basis are charged to operations. Costs of abandoned projects are charged to operations upon
abandonment. The Company evaluates, at least quarterly, the carrying value of capitalized mining costs and related property, plant
and equipment costs, if any, to determine if these costs are in excess of their net realizable value and if a permanent impairment
needs to be recorded. The periodic evaluation of carrying value of capitalized costs and any related property, plant and equipment
costs are based upon expected future cash flows and/or estimated salvage value. 

The Company capitalizes costs for mining properties
by individual property and defers such costs for later amortization only if the prospects for economic productions are reasonably
certain. 

Capitalized costs are expensed in the period
when the determination has been made that economic production does not appear reasonably certain. 

Mineral Rights and Properties -  We
defer acquisition costs until we determine the viability of the property. Since we do not have proven and probable reserves as
defined by Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Industry Guide 7, exploration expenditures are expensed as incurred.
We expense care and maintenance costs as incurred. 

We review the carrying value of our mineral
rights and properties for impairment whenever there are negative indicators of impairment. Our estimate of the gold price, mineralized
materials, operating capital, and reclamation costs are subject to risks and uncertainties affecting the recoverability of our
investment in the mineral claims and properties. Although we have made our best, most current estimate of these factors, it is
possible that near term changes could adversely affect estimated net cash flows from our mineral claims and properties and possibly
require future asset impairment write-downs. 

Where estimates of future net operating cash
flows are not available and where other conditions suggest impairment, we assess recoverability of carrying value from other means,
including net cash flows generated by the sale of the asset. We use the units-of-production method to deplete the mineral rights
and properties. 

Fair Value Measurements -  The fair
value of a financial instrument is the amount that could be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Financial assets are marked to bid prices and financial
liabilities are marked to offer prices. The fair value should be calculated based on assumptions that market participants would
use in pricing the asset or liability, not on assumptions specific to the entity. In addition, the fair value of liabilities should
include consideration of non-performance risk, including the party s own credit risk. 

Fair value measurements do not include transaction
costs. A fair value hierarchy is used to prioritize the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values.
Categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The fair value hierarchy is defined into the following three categories: 

Level 1: Quoted market prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Observable inputs other
than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets with insufficient volume
or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or
can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs to
the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities. 

To the extent that valuation is based on models
or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. In certain
cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure
purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is disclosed and is determined based on
the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The carrying value of the Company s
cash, accounts payable, short-term borrowings (including convertible notes payable), and other current assets and liabilities
approximate fair value because of their short-term maturity. 

The Company recognizes its derivative liabilities
as level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed below. While the Company believes that its valuation methods
are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that the use of different methodologies or assumptions
to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting
date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values using the methods discussed below are that of volatility
and market price of the underlying common stock of the Company. 

Long-Lived Assets -  We review the carrying
amount of our long-lived assets for impairment whenever there are negative indicators of impairment. An asset is considered impaired
when estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset. In the event the carrying amount of such asset
is not considered recoverable, the asset is adjusted to its fair value. Fair value is generally determined based on discounted
future cash flows.  

Properties, Plant and Equipment -  We
record properties, plant and equipment at historical cost. We provide depreciation and amortization in amounts sufficient to match
the cost of depreciable assets to operations over their estimated service lives or productive value. We capitalize expenditures
for improvements that significantly extend the useful life of an asset. We charge expenditures for maintenance and repairs to
operations when incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives as follows: 

Building 

7 to 15 years 

Vehicles and equipment 

3 to 7 years 

Processing and laboratory 

5 to 15 years 

Furniture and fixtures 

2 to 3 years 

Reclamation Liabilities and Asset Retirement
Obligations -  Minimum standards for site reclamation and closure have been established for us by various government agencies.
Asset retirement obligations are recognized when incurred and recorded as liabilities at fair value. The liability is accreted
over time through periodic charges to earnings. In addition, the asset retirement cost is capitalized and amortized over the life
of the related asset. Reclamation costs are periodically adjusted to reflect changes in the estimated present value resulting
from the passage of time and revisions to the estimates of either the timing or amount of the reclamation and abandonment costs.
The Company reviews, on an annual basis, unless otherwise deemed necessary, the asset retirement obligation at each mine site. 

Revenue Recognition -  Revenue is recognized
from sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the price is determinable, the product has been delivered, the title
has been transferred to the customer and collection of the sales price is reasonably assured. Gold revenue is recorded at an agreed
upon spot price and gold ounce measurement resulting in revenue and a receivable at the time of sale. Gold revenue is recorded
net of refining charges and discounts. Sales of by-products (such as silver) are credited to costs applicable to mining revenue. 

All accounts receivable amounts are due from
a single customer. Substantially all mining revenues recorded in the current period also related to the same customer. As gold
can be sold through numerous gold market traders worldwide, the Company is not economically dependent on a limited number of customers
for the sale of its product. 

Stock Issued For Goods and Services - 
Common and preferred shares issued for goods and services are valued based upon the fair market value of our common stock or the
goods and services received, whichever is the most reliably measurable on the date of issue. 

Stock-Based Compensation -  For stock-based
transactions, compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, based
on the estimated fair value on the grant date of the award. 

Loss per Common Share -  Basic net loss
per common share is computed by dividing net loss, less the preferred stock dividends, by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding. Dilutive loss per share includes any additional dilution from common stock equivalents, such as stock options
and warrants, and convertible instruments, if the impact is not antidilutive. Since the Company incurred net losses for the periods
presented, all equity-linked instruments are considered anti-dilutive. 

Comprehensive Loss -  Comprehensive
loss is made up of the exchange differences arising on translating foreign operations and the net loss for the years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014. 

Derivative Liabilities -  Derivatives
liabilities are recorded at fair value when issued and the subsequent change in fair value each period is recorded in other income
(expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. We do not hold or issue any derivative financial instruments for speculative
trading purposes. 

Income Taxes -  The Company s
income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management s best assessment of estimated future taxes
to be paid. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. 

Deferred income taxes arise from temporary
differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. In evaluating the Company s ability
to recover its deferred tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. In projecting
future taxable income, the Company develops assumptions including the amount of future state and federal pretax operating income,
the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions
require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income, and are consistent with the plans and estimates that
the Company is using to manage the underlying businesses. The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for
which the Company does not consider realization of such deferred tax assets to be more likely than not. 

Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect
recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management is not aware of any such changes that would have a material
effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 

Business Segments    The Company
operates in one segment and therefore segment information is not presented. 

Use of Estimates    In preparing
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, we are required to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and revenues and expenditures during the reported periods. Actual results could differ materially
from those estimates. Estimates may include those pertaining to valuation of inventories and mineralized material on leach pads,
the estimated useful lives and valuation of properties, plant and equipment, mineral rights and properties, deferred tax assets,
convertible preferred stock, derivative assets and liabilities, reclamation liabilities, stock-based compensation and payments,
and contingent liabilities. 

Non-Controlling Interest Policy   
Non-controlling interest (NCI) is the portion of equity ownership in a subsidiary not attributable to the parent company, who
has a controlling interest and consolidates the subsidiary's financial results with its own.The amount of equity relating to the
non-controlling interest is separately identified in the equity section of the balance sheet and the amount of the net income
(loss) relating to the non-controlling interest is separately identified on the statement of operations. 

Reclassifications -  Certain reclassifications
have been made to the prior period consolidated financial statements to conform to the current period presentation. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

For
recent accounting pronouncements, please refer to the notes to the financial statements section of this Annual Report.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements.  

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK   

We
are not required to provide disclosure under this item because we are a smaller reporting company.  

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The
financial statements of the Company required by Article 8 of Regulation S-X are attached to this report, beginning at page F-1.  

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   

On
March 2, 2015, the Company opted to change accounting firms for purposes of independent auditing, and subsequently released Fiondella
Milone   LaSaracina LLP (Fiondella) as its independent registered accounting firm. Our Board of Directors participated in
and approved the decision to change independent accountants. Fiondella was initially engaged by the company on May 31, 2013 for
the year ended July 31, 2013.  

Fiondella s
report on the financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2014 contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and
was not qualified or modified as to scope or accounting, except that the report contained an explanatory paragraph stating that
there was substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

Through
the period covered by the financial review of financial statements of the quarterly period ended January 31, 2015, there were
no disagreements with Fiondella on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing
scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Fiondella, would have caused them to make reference
thereto in their report on the financial statements. Also, through the interim period through March 2, 2015 (the date of release
of the former accountant), there have been no disagreements with Fiondella on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of Fiondella
would have caused then to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements.  

During
the interim period through March 2, 2015, there were no reportable events with us as set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation
S-K.  

The
Company originally reported this change in accountant to the SEC on Form 8-K on March 3, 2015, and provided a copy of these disclosures
to Fiondella prior to that date. Fiondella subsequently furnished a letter addressed to the SEC stating that it agreed with the
statements of that report.  

On
February 11, 2015, the Company engaged Sadler, Gibb   Associates, LLC of Salt Lake City, Utah, as its new independent registered
public accountant. During the year ended July 31, 2014, and prior to February 11, 2015 (the date of the new engagement), we did
not consult with Sadler, Gibb   Associates, LLC regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction,
(ii) the type of audit that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements by Sadler, Gibb   Associates, LLC,
in either case where written or oral advice provided by Sadler, Gibb   Associates, LLC would be an important factor considered
by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issues or (iii) any other matter that was the
subject of a disagreement between us and our former auditor or was a reportable event (as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) or Item
304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, respectively).  

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in
our periodic reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or 1934 Act, is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer (principal financial officer),
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under
the 1934 Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, because of the Company s limited
resources and limited number of employees, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of December 31, 2015.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of the financial statements of the Company in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles, or GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

With
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2015 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ). Based on our evaluation
and the material weaknesses described below, management concluded that the Company s internal controls were not effective
based on financial reporting as of July 31, 2015 based on the COSO framework criteria. Management has identified control deficiencies
regarding the lack of segregation of duties, tax compliance issues and the need for a stronger internal control environment. Management
of the Company believes that these material weaknesses are due to the small size of the Company s accounting staff and reliance
on outside consultants for external reporting. The small size of the Company s accounting staff may prevent adequate controls
in the future, such as segregation of duties, due to the cost/benefit of such remediation.  

To
mitigate the current limited resources and limited employees, we rely heavily on direct management oversight of transactions,
along with the use of legal and outside accounting consultants. As we grow, we expect to increase our number of employees, which
will enable us to implement adequate segregation of duties within the internal control framework.  

These
control deficiencies could result in a misstatement of account balances that would result in a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement to our consolidated financial statements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Accordingly, we have
determined that these control deficiencies as described above together constitute a material weakness.  

In
light of this material weakness, we performed additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with
US GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that despite our material weaknesses, our consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2015 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with US GAAP.  

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures   

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the
design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations
include, but are not limited to, the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of
two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon
certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving
its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  

Changes
in Internal Controls    

During
the year ended December 31, 2015, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting.  

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION   

None.  

PART
III   

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   

Directors
and Executive Officers   

Our
Bylaws state that our authorized number of directors shall be one or more and shall be set by resolution of our Board of Directors.
We currently have five directors.  

Our
current directors and officers are as follows:  

Name   
           
       Age   
           
       Position    

Michael
    Ahlin  
         
      67  
         
      Chief
    Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Director   

Trent
    D Ambrosio  
         
      51  
         
      Chief
    Financial Officer and Director   

Whit
    Cluff  
         
      65  
         
      Director   

Reed
    Benson  
         
      69  
         
      Director   

Kay
    Briggs  
         
      71  
         
      Director   

Our
directors will serve in that capacity until our next annual shareholder meeting or until a successor is elected and qualified.
Officers hold their positions at the will of our Board of Directors. There are no arrangements, agreements or understandings between
non-management security holders and management under which non-management security holders may directly or indirectly participate
in or influence the management of our affairs.  

Michael
Ahlin, Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director   

Mr.
Ahlin is a seasoned executive with several decades of experience who has founded numerous startups and has held executive management
positions in public and private companies in various industries. From 1985 through the present, Mr. Ahlin has served as the founder
and President of WetCor, Inc., a multi-disciplined Engineering Construction Firm licensed in numerous states and performing both
bid and design/build projects including minerals processing, mining, water treatment, energy, Medical (5 MRE centers), geothermal
power, and renewable energy and commercial buildings. In addition, from 2004 through the present, Mr. Ahlin has served as a Managing
Partner of Cactus Management Services LLC. Mr. Ahlin has served as the Company s CEO since inception. Mr. Ahlin was appointed
as CEO, President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director of the Company on February 25, 2013. Mr. Ahlin received a Bachelor of Science
degree in Mechanical Engineering and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Utah in 1971 and 1977,
respectively.  

Trent
D Ambrosio, Chief Financial Officer and Director   

Mr.
D Ambrosio has been a Director of Inception Mining Inc. since February 28, 2013. From October 2011 through the March 2013,
Mr. D Ambrosio has held the positions of Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Inception Holdings
LLC, a resource exploration company, and is the responsible for the overall strategic direction for the organization. His professional
record includes 25 years of management and financial services experience with companies ranging from Fortune 500 companies to
start ups.  

Whit
Cluff, Director   

Mr.
Cluff has over 35 years of experience in the commercial real estate industry. Mr. Cluff has been involved in all disciplines of
real estate land development, mixed-use development, retail tenant representation, developer representation, industrial property
procurement and asset management. Mr. Cluff has an extensive background in public and private businesses giving him strong analytical,
planning, and organization ability with effective negotiation skills. From 2003 through the present, Mr. Cluff has served as Vice
President and Associate Broker at Coldwell Banker Commercial, NRT in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mr. Cluff attended the University of
Utah and served in the United States Army.  

Reed
Benson, Director   

Mr.
Benson has been a director from October 2, 2015 to the present. From September, 2008, to the present, in addition to the private
practice of law, he is a founder and partner of Legends Capital Group, LLC, a privately held venture capital group that identifies
investment opportunities in natural resources, bio tech and technology fields. From October 2004 to September 2008 he was employed
as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and General Counsel and member of Board of Directors of Broadcast International, Inc.,
a publicly traded communications services company. From 2001 to October 2004, he was in the private practice of law where
his practice focused on tax and business related matters. From July 1995 to January 2001 he was secretary and general counsel
for Data Broadcasting Corporation, a provider of market information to individual investors. Mr. Benson received J.D. degree from
the University of Utah School of Law in 1976 and a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting from the University of Utah in 1971.
Mr. Benson became a Certified Public Accountant in 1974. Mr. Benson s experience in finance, accounting and business consulting,
together with his prior public company directorship, provide Mr. Benson with expertise enabling critical input to our Board decision-making
process.  

Kay
Briggs, Director   

Mr.
Briggs has BS degrees in economics and political science from Brigham Young University, magna cum laude. To launch his career,
he completed internships with CitiBank in New York and Argentina. He then went on to obtain an MBA with an emphasis in international
business and finance, also from Brigham Young University. He then pursued post-graduate work with IBM and Stanford University.
Mr. Briggs spent nearly ten years with EXXON (Esso International) with managerial opportunities in information systems; refinery
maintenance (with additional training in product blending chemistry); maritime contract negotiating; supply and transportation
managing in Toronto, Canada with Imperial Oil; and an executive position with Tar Sands and Heavy Oil Extraction and Refining
in Calgary, Canada. Mr. Briggs spent the next 32 years with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as managing director
of materials management and international operations, and director of business affairs in Argentina, Southeast US, and 32 island
nations in the Caribbean. He has experience with numerous civic assignments, including school boards, city council, and as mayor
of North Salt Lake, Utah. Additionally, he has served in various board of directors positions with several organizations.  

Other
Directorships   

Other
than as set forth above, none of our directors hold any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered
pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  

Board
of Directors and Director Nominees   

Since
our Board of Directors does not include a majority of independent directors, the decisions of the Board regarding director nominees
are made by persons who have an interest in the outcome of the determination. The Board will consider candidates for directors
proposed by security holders, although no formal procedures for submitting candidates have been adopted. Unless otherwise determined,
at any time not less than 90 days prior to the next annual Board meeting at which a slate of director nominees is adopted, the
Board will accept written submissions from proposed nominees that include the name, address and telephone number of the proposed
nominee; a brief statement of the nominee s qualifications to serve as a director; and a statement as to why the security
holder submitting the proposed nominee believes that the nomination would be in the best interests of our security holders. If
the proposed nominee is not the same person as the security holder submitting the name of the nominee, a letter from the nominee
agreeing to the submission of his or her name for consideration should be provided at the time of submission. The letter should
be accompanied by a r sum  supporting the nominee s qualifications to serve on the Board, as well as a list
of references.  

The
Board identifies director nominees through a combination of referrals from different people, including management, existing Board
members and security holders. Once a candidate has been identified, the Board reviews the individual s experience and background
and may discuss the proposed nominee with the source of the recommendation. If the Board believes it to be appropriate, Board
members may meet with the proposed nominee before making a final determination whether to include the proposed nominee as a member
of the slate of director nominees submitted to security holders for election to the Board.  

Some
of the factors, which the Board considers when evaluating proposed nominees, include their knowledge of and experience in business
matters, finance, capital markets and mergers and acquisitions. The Board may request additional information from each candidate
prior to reaching a determination, and it is under no obligation to formally respond to all recommendations, although as a matter
of practice, it will endeavor to do so.  

Conflicts
of Interest   

Our
directors are not obligated to commit their full time and attention to our business and, accordingly, they may encounter a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and those of other businesses. In the course of their other business
activities, they may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as
well as other entities to which they owe a fiduciary duty. As a result, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to
which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. They may also in the future become affiliated with entities
that are engaged in business activities similar to those we intend to conduct.  

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation are required to present business opportunities to the corporation if:  

the
    corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;   

the
    opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and   

it
    would be unfair to the corporation and its stockholders not to bring the opportunity to the attention of the corporation.   

We
plan to adopt a code of ethics that obligates our directors, officers and employees to disclose potential conflicts of interest
and prohibits those persons from engaging in such transactions without our consent.  

Significant
Employees   

Other
than as described above, we do not expect any other individuals to make a significant contribution to our business.  

Legal
Proceedings   

None
of our directors, executive officers or control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past five
years:  

any
    bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
    at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;   

any
    conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offenses);   

being
    subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
    permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
    or banking activities; or   

being
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
    violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, where the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated.   

No
Audit Committee or Financial Expert   

The
Company does not have an audit committee or a financial expert serving on the Board of Directors. The Company plans to form and
implement an audit committee as soon as practicable.  

Family
Relationships   

There
are no family relationships among our officers, directors, or persons nominated for such positions.  

Code
of Ethics   

Due
to our recent change in business strategy and objectives and our small size and limited resources, we have not yet adopted a code
of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer, but intend to do so this year.  

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance   

Under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, all executive officers, directors, and each person who is the beneficial owner of more than
10% of the common stock of a company that files reports pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934, are required to report
the ownership of such common stock, options, and stock appreciation rights (other than certain cash only rights) and any changes
in that ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company has evaluated all relevant Section 16(a) filings and
has determined that the company is compliant with this section to the best of its knowledge.  

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   

Our
Board of Directors has not established a separate compensation committee. Instead, the Board of Directors reviews and approves
executive compensation policies and practices, reviews salaries and bonuses for our officer(s), decides on benefit plans, and
considers other matters as may, from time to time, be referred to it. We do not currently have a Compensation Committee Charter.
Our Board continues to emphasize the important link between our performance, which ultimately benefits all shareholders, and the
compensation of our executives. Therefore, the primary goal of our executive compensation policy is to closely align the interests
of the shareholders with the interests of the executive officer(s). In order to achieve this goal, we attempt to (i) offer compensation
opportunities that attract and retain executives whose abilities and skills are critical to our long-term success and reward them
for their efforts in ensuring our success and (ii) encourage executives to manage from the perspective of owners with an equity
stake in us.  

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE    

Option
Grants   

As of December 31, 2015, we had not
granted any options or stock appreciation rights to our named executive officers or directors. 

Management
Agreements   

On
August 1, 2015, the Company amended the previously entered into employment agreement with Michael Ahlin pursuant to which the
eligibility requirements of the Company achieving positive EBITDA in two consecutive quarters as reflected in its filings with
the SEC were removed.  

Compensation
of Directors   

As
of the Closing of the Clavo Rico Merger Agreement on October 2, 2015, Reed Benson and Kay Briggs were elected as members of the
Board of Directors of the Company.  

Our
directors did not receive any compensation for their services as directors from our inception through December 31, 2015. We have
no formal plan for compensating our directors for their services in the future in their capacity as directors, although such directors
are expected in the future to receive options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our Board of Directors or by
any compensation committee that may be established.  

Pension,
Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans   

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits to our directors or executive officers.
We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors
or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof.  

Compensation
Committee   

We
do not currently have a compensation committee of the Board of Directors or a committee performing similar functions. The Board
of Directors as a whole participates in the consideration of executive officer and director compensation.  

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   

The
following tables set forth the ownership, as of April 21, 2016, of our common stock by each of our directors, by all of our executive
officers and directors as a group, and by each person known to us who is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of
our securities. As of April 21, 2016, there were 264,750,145 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. All persons named
have sole or shared voting and investment control with respect to the shares, except as otherwise noted. The number of shares
described below includes shares which the beneficial owner described has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date of this
Form 10-K.  

(1)  
      Legends
    Capital Group, LLC is beneficially controlled by Jason Briggs, the nephew of Kay Briggs, a director. Reed Benson, a director
    of the Company, owns an 11% equity interest in Legends Capital Group, LLC.   

(2)  
      Madison,
    LLC is beneficially controlled by Jason Briggs, the nephew of Kay Briggs.   

(1)  
      Executive
    officer and/or director of the Company.   

(2)  
      These
    shares are held by Moreland Family, LLC, whose majority member is Jeanne Benson, Mr. Benson s wife.   

Changes
in Control   

As
a result of the Clavo Rico Merger Agreement described herein, a change in control of the Company occurred.  

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.   

As
of December 31, 2015, we have one equity compensation plan: the 2013 Incentive Stock Plan.  

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   

Related
Party Transactions   

The Company leases office space from a related
affiliate, MDL Ventures, LLC, which includes month to month terms. The Company has received cash advances of $19,909 from related
parties during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2015. At the Closing of the Merger on October 2, 2015, the Company assumed
certain debts in Clavo Rico Ltd. that were owed to related parties as described below: 

The total amount of these convertible notes is $6,203,615. All of the related party
transactions are further described in the notes to the Financial Statements filed with this Annual Report. 

Director
Independence   

Our
securities are quoted on the OTC Markets, which does not have any director independence requirements. Once we engage further directors
and officers, we plan to develop a definition of independence and scrutinize our Board of Directors with regard to this definition.  

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   

Audit
Fees.  The aggregate fees paid for the annual audit of financial statements included in our Annual Report for the year ended
December 31, 2015, and the review of our quarterly reports for such years amounted to $59,315. The aggregate fees paid for the
annual audit of financial statements included in our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2014, and the review of our
quarterly reports for such year, amounted to $0.  

Audit
Related Fees.  For the year ended December 31, 2015 and the year ended December 31, 2014, there were no fees billed for other
audit related fees.  

Tax
Fees.  For the year ended December 31, 2015 and the year ended December 31, 2014, we paid $0 and $0, respectively, for tax
fees.  

All
Other Fees.  For the year ended December 31, 2015 and the year ended December 31, 2014, there were no fees billed for services
other than services described above.  

Our
Board of Directors serves as the Audit Committee and has unanimously approved all audit and non-audit services provided by the
independent auditors. The independent accountants and management are required to periodically report to the Board of Directors
regarding the extent of services provided by the independent accountants, and the fees for the services performed to date.  

There
have been no non-audit services provided by our independent accountant for the year ended December 31, 2015 or the year ended
December 31, 2014.  

PART
IV   

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   

(a)(1)(2)
Financial Statements: See index to financial statements and supporting schedules.  

(a)(3)
Exhibits.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

INCEPTION
    MINING, INC.    

Date:
    November 22, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Michael Ahlin    

Name:  
      Michael
    Ahlin   

Title:  
      Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

Date:
    November 22, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Trent D Ambrosio    

Name:  
      Trent
    D Ambrosio   

Title:  
      Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

INCEPTION
MINING, INC.   

CONTENTS   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To
the Board of Directors  

  Inception
Mining, Inc.  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Inception Mining, Inc. (the  Company ) as of December
31, 2015 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  deficit and cash flows for the year then ended.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Inception Mining, Inc. as of December 31, 2015, and the results of their operations and cash flows for the year then ended,
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred net losses and has accumulated a significant
deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

As
mentioned in Note 18, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been restated for the correction of errors.  

/s/
    Sadler, Gibb   Associates, LLC   

Salt
Lake City, UT  

  May
3, 2016, except for Notes 2, 4, 10, 11, 13, 14 and 18 as to which the date is November 21, 2016  

INDEPENDENT
AUDITOR'S REPORT   

  To
the Board of Directors of  

  Inception
Mining, Inc.  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Inception Mining, Inc. as of December 31, 2014, and the related consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss, and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audit.  

Management s
Responsibility for the Financial Statements  

Management
is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management is also responsible for the design, implementation,
and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  

Auditor s
Responsibility  

Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit
in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor
considers internal control relevant to the Company s preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.  

PBX
(504) 2270   7364 al 7366  

  E-mail
 tovarlopez@pkfhonduras.com  |  pkfhonduras@yahoo.com  |  

   www.pkfhonduras.com ,
P.O. Box 30209 | Edificio Metr polis, Torre II, Nivel 24  

  Con
oficinas en: Tegucigalpa, San Pedro Sula, La Ceiba | Honduras, C.A.  

PKF-Tovar
L pez is a member firm of PKF International Limited.  

  PKF
International Limited is a network of legally independent member firms with representation in 125 countries.  

We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.  

Opinion  

In
our opinion, except for the effects of such adjustments, the consolidated financial statements referred to above, present fairly,
in all material respects, the combined financial position of Inception Mining, Inc. as of December 31, 2014 and the consolidated
results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.  

Inception
Mining, Inc.   

   Consolidated
Balance Sheets    

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

Inception
Mining, Inc.   

   Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss   

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

Inception
Mining, Inc.   

   Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Deficit   

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

Inception
Mining, Inc.   

   Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows   

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

Inception
Mining, Inc.   

   Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements   

   As
of December 31, 2015 and 2014   

1.
Nature of Business   

Inception
Mining, Inc. (formerly known as Gold American Mining Corp.) was incorporated under the name of Golf Alliance Corporation and under
the laws of the State of Nevada on July 2, 2007. Inception Mining, Inc. is a precious metal mineral acquisition, exploration and
development company. Inception Development, Inc., its wholly owned subsidiary was incorporated under the laws of the State of
Idaho on January 28, 2013.  

Golf
Alliance Corporation pursued its original business plan to provide opportunities for golfers to play on private golf courses normally
closed to them due to the membership requirements of the private clubs. During the year ended July 31, 2010, the Company decided
to redirect its business focus toward precious metal mineral acquisition and exploration.  

On
March 5, 2010, the Company amended its articles of incorporation to (1) to change its name to Silver America, Inc. and (2) increased
its authorized common stock from 100,000,000 to 500,000,000.  

On
June 23, 2010 the Company amended its articles of incorporation to change its name to Gold American Mining Corp.  

On
November 21, 2012, the Company implemented a 200 to 1 reverse stock split. Upon effectiveness of the stock split, each shareholder
canceled 200 shares of common stock for every share of common stock owned as of November 21, 2012. This reverse stock split was
effective on February 13, 2013. All share and per share references have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this 200 to 1 reverse
stock split in the financial statements and in the notes to financial statements for all periods presented, to reflect the stock
split as if it occurred on the first day of the first period presented.  

On
February 25, 2013, Gold American Mining Corp. and its majority shareholder (the  Majority Shareholder ), and its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Inception Development Inc. (the  Subsidiary ), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  Asset
Purchase Agreement ) with Inception Resources, LLC, a Utah corporation ( Inception Resources ), pursuant to
which Inception purchased the U.P. and Burlington Gold Mine in consideration of 16,000,000 shares of common stock of Inception,
the assumption of promissory notes in the amount of $950,000 and the assignment of a 3% net royalty. Inception Resources was an
entity owned by and under the control of the majority shareholder. This transaction is deemed an asset purchase by entities under
common control. The Asset Purchase Agreement closed on February 25, 2013 (the  Closing ). Inception was a  shell
company  (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) immediately prior
to our acquisition of the gold mine pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement. As a result of such acquisition, the
Company s operations are now focused on the ownership and operation of the mine acquired from Inception Resources. Consequently,
the Company believes that acquisition has caused us to cease to be a shell company as it no longer has nominal operations.  

On
May 17, 2013, the Company amended its articles of incorporation to change its name to Inception Mining, Inc. ( Inception 
or the  Company ).  

On
October 2, 2015, the Company consummated a merger with Clavo Rico Ltd. ( Clavo Rico ). Clavo Rico is a privately held
Turks and Caicos company with principal operations in Honduras, Central America. Clavo Rico operates the Clavo Rico mining concession
through its subsidiaries Compa  a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A de C.V. and Compa  a Minera Clavo Rico,
S.A. de C.V. and holds other mining concessions. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company issued of 240,225,901 shares of common
stock of Inception and assumed promissory notes in the amount of $5,488,980 and accrued interest of $3,434,426. Under this merger
agreement, there was a change in control and it has been treated for accounting purposes as a reverse recapitalization with Clavo
Rico, Ltd. being the surviving entity. Its workings include several historical underground operations dating back to the early
Mayan and Spanish occupation.  

The
Company s primary mine is located on the 200 hectare Clavo Rico Concession, located in southern Honduras. This mine was
originally explored and exploited in the 16th century by the Spanish, and more recently has been operated by Compa    a
Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A. de C.V. as a small family business. In 2003, Clavo Rico s predecessor purchased a 20% interest
and later increased its ownership to 99.9%.  

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Going
Concern -  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements during year ended December 31, 2015, the Company incurred net losses of $27,165,344 and provided $34,933
in cash for operating activities. These factors among others indicate that the Company may be unable to continue as a going concern
for a reasonable period of time.  

The
Company s existence is dependent upon management s ability to develop profitable operations and to obtain additional
funding sources. There can be no assurance that the Company s financing efforts will result in profitable operations or
the resolution of the Company s liquidity problems. The accompanying statements do not include any adjustments that might
result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

Management is currently working to make changes
that will result in profitable operations and to obtain additional funding sources to meet the Company s need for cash during
the next twelve months and beyond.  

Principles
of Consolidation -  The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Inception Mining, Inc. and its
wholly owned subsidiaries, Inception Development, Corp., Clavo Rico Development Corp., Clavo Rico, Ltd. and Compa    a
Minera Cerros del R   o, S.A. de C.V., and its controlling interest subsidiaries,
Compa    a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A. de C.V. and Compa   a
 Minera Clavo Rico, S.A. de C.V. (collectively, the  Company ). All intercompany accounts have been eliminated
upon consolidation.  

Basis
of Presentation -  The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents -  The Company considers all highly liquid temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents. At December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, the Company had no cash equivalents.  

Inventories,
Stockpiles and Mineralized Material on Leach Pads -  Inventories, including stockpiles and mineralized material on leach pads
are carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value represents the estimated future sales price of
the product based on current and long-term metals prices, less the estimated costs to complete production and bring the product
to sale. Write-downs of stockpiles, mineralized material on leach pads and inventories to net realizable value are reported as
a component of costs applicable to mining revenue. Cost is comprised of production costs for mineralized material produced and
processed. Production costs include the costs of materials, costs of processing, direct labor, mine site and processing facility
overhead costs, stock-based compensation, and depreciation, amortization and depletion.  

Stockpiles
  -  Stockpiles represent mineralized material that has been extracted from the mine and is available for further processing.
Stockpiles are measured by estimating the number of tons added and removed from the stockpile. Stockpile tonnages are verified
by periodic surveys. Costs are allocated to stockpiles based on relative values of material stockpiled and processed using current
mining costs incurred up to the point of stockpiling the material, including applicable overhead, depreciation, and depletion
relating to mining operations, and removed at each stockpile s average cost per ton.  

Mineralized
Material on Leach Pads   -  The Company utilizes a heap leaching process to recover gold from its mineralized material.
Under this method, the mineralized material is placed on leach pads where it is treated with a chemical solution that dissolves
the gold contained in the material. The resulting gold-bearing solution is further processed in a facility where the gold is recovered.
Costs are added to mineralized material on leach pads based on current mining and processing costs, including applicable depreciation
relating to mining and processing operations. Costs are transferred from mineralized material on leach pads to subsequent stages
of in-process inventories as the gold-bearing solution is processed. The value of such transferred costs of mineralized material
on leach pads is based on the average cost per estimated recoverable ounce of gold on the leach pad.  

The
estimates of recoverable gold on the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of material placed on the leach pads (measured
tons added to the leach pads), the grade of material placed on the leach pads (based on assay data) and a recovery percentage.  

Although
the quantities of recoverable gold placed on the leach pads are reconciled by comparing the quantities and grades of material
placed on leach pads to the quantities and grades quantities of gold actually recovered (metallurgical balancing), the nature
of the leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. As a result, the metallurgical balancing
process is constantly monitored and estimates are refined based on actual results over time. Variations between actual and estimated
quantities resulting from changes in assumptions and estimates that do not result in write-downs to net realizable value are accounted
for on a prospective basis.  

In-process
Inventories   -  In-process inventories represent mineralized materials that are currently in the process of being converted
to a saleable product through the absorption, desorption, recovery (ADR) process. The value of in-process material is measured
based on assays of the material fed into the process and the projected recoveries of material. In-process inventories are valued
at the average cost of the material fed into the process attributable to the source material coming from the mines, stockpiles
and/or leach pads plus the in-process conversion costs, including applicable depreciation relating to the process facilities incurred
to that point in the process.  

Finished
Goods Inventories   -  Finished goods inventories include gold that has been processed through the Company s ADR
facility and are valued at the average cost of their production.  

Exploration
and Development Costs -  Costs of acquiring mining properties and any exploration and development costs are expensed as incurred
unless proven and probable reserves exist and the property is a commercially mineable property in accordance with FASB ASC 930,
 Extractive Activities- Mining . Mine development costs incurred either to develop new gold and silver deposits, expand the
capacity of operating mines, or to develop mine areas substantially in advance of current production are capitalized. Costs incurred
to maintain current production or to maintain assets on a standby basis are charged to operations. Costs of abandoned projects
are charged to operations upon abandonment. The Company evaluates, at least quarterly, the carrying value of capitalized mining
costs and related property, plant and equipment costs, if any, to determine if these costs are in excess of their net realizable
value and if a permanent impairment needs to be recorded. The periodic evaluation of carrying value of capitalized costs and any
related property, plant and equipment costs are based upon expected future cash flows and/or estimated salvage value.  

The
Company capitalizes costs for mining properties by individual property and defers such costs for later amortization only if the
prospects for economic productions are reasonably certain.  

Capitalized
costs are expensed in the period when the determination has been made that economic production does not appear reasonably certain.  

Mineral
Rights and Properties -  We defer acquisition costs until we determine the viability of the property. Since we do not have
proven and probable reserves as defined by Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Industry Guide 7, exploration
expenditures are expensed as incurred. We expense care and maintenance costs as incurred.  

We
review the carrying value of our mineral rights and properties for impairment whenever there are negative indicators of impairment.
Our estimate of the gold price, mineralized materials, operating capital, and reclamation costs are subject to risks and uncertainties
affecting the recoverability of our investment in the mineral claims and properties. Although we have made our best, most current
estimate of these factors, it is possible that near term changes could adversely affect estimated net cash flows from our mineral
claims and properties and possibly require future asset impairment write-downs.  

Where
estimates of future net operating cash flows are not available and where other conditions suggest impairment, we assess recoverability
of carrying value from other means, including net cash flows generated by the sale of the asset. We use the units-of-production
method to deplete the mineral rights and properties.  

Fair
Value Measurements -  The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that could be received upon the sale of an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Financial assets
are marked to bid prices and financial liabilities are marked to offer prices. The fair value should be calculated based on assumptions
that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, not on assumptions specific to the entity. In addition,
the fair value of liabilities should include consideration of non-performance risk, including the party s own credit risk.  

Fair
value measurements do not include transaction costs. A fair value hierarchy is used to prioritize the quality and reliability
of the information used to determine fair values. Categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level
of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy is defined into the following three categories:  

Level
1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level
2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets
with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which all significant
inputs are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities.  

Level
3: Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities.  

To
the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination
of fair value requires more judgment. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of
the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair
value measurement is disclosed and is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  

The
carrying value of the Company s cash, accounts payable, short-term borrowings (including convertible notes payable), and
other current assets and liabilities approximate fair value because of their short-term maturity.  

The
Company recognizes its derivative liabilities as level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed below. While the
Company believes that its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that
the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in
a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values
using the methods discussed below are that of volatility and market price of the underlying common stock of the Company.  

Long-Lived
Assets -  We review the carrying amount of our long-lived assets for impairment whenever there are negative indicators of impairment.
An asset is considered impaired when estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset. In the event
the carrying amount of such asset is not considered recoverable, the asset is adjusted to its fair value. Fair value is generally
determined based on discounted future cash flows.  

Properties,
Plant and Equipment -  We record properties, plant and equipment at historical cost. We provide depreciation and amortization
in amounts sufficient to match the cost of depreciable assets to operations over their estimated service lives or productive value.
We capitalize expenditures for improvements that significantly extend the useful life of an asset. We charge expenditures for
maintenance and repairs to operations when incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful
lives as follows:  

Building  
         
      7
    to 15 years   
 
      Vehicles
    and equipment  
         
      3
    to 7 years   
 
      Processing
    and laboratory  
         
      5
    to 15 years   
 
      Furniture
    and fixtures  
         
      2
    to 3 years   

Reclamation
Liabilities and Asset Retirement Obligations -  Minimum standards for site reclamation and closure have been established for
us by various government agencies. Asset retirement obligations are recognized when incurred and recorded as liabilities at fair
value. The liability is accreted over time through periodic charges to earnings. In addition, the asset retirement cost is capitalized
and amortized over the life of the related asset. Reclamation costs are periodically adjusted to reflect changes in the estimated
present value resulting from the passage of time and revisions to the estimates of either the timing or amount of the reclamation
and abandonment costs. The Company reviews, on an annual basis, unless otherwise deemed necessary, the asset retirement obligation
at each mine site.  

Revenue
Recognition -  Revenue is recognized from sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the price is determinable,
the product has been delivered, the title has been transferred to the customer and collection of the sales price is reasonably
assured. Gold revenue is recorded at an agreed upon spot price and gold ounce measurement resulting in revenue and a receivable
at the time of sale. Gold revenue is recorded net of refining charges and discounts. Sales of by-products (such as silver) are
credited to costs applicable to mining revenue.  

All
accounts receivable amounts are due from a single customer. Substantially all mining revenues recorded in the current period also
related to the same customer. As gold can be sold through numerous gold market traders worldwide, the Company is not economically
dependent on a limited number of customers for the sale of its product.  

Stock
Issued For Goods and Services -  Common and preferred shares issued for goods and services are valued based upon the fair market
value of our common stock or the goods and services received, whichever is the most reliably measurable on the date of issue.  

Stock-Based
Compensation -  For stock-based transactions, compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is
generally the vesting period, based on the estimated fair value on the grant date of the award.  

Loss
per Common Share -  Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss, less the preferred stock dividends, by
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Dilutive loss per share includes any additional dilution from common
stock equivalents, such as stock options and warrants, and convertible instruments, if the impact is not antidilutive. Since the
Company incurred net losses for the periods presented, all equity-linked instruments are considered anti-dilutive.  Accordingly,
common share equivalents of 149,562,926 have been excluded from the loss per share calculation.  

Comprehensive
Loss -  Comprehensive loss is made up of the exchange differences arising on translating foreign operations and the net loss
for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.  

Derivative
Liabilities -  Derivatives liabilities are recorded at fair value when issued and the subsequent change in fair value each
period is recorded in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. We do not hold or issue any derivative
financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.  

Income
Taxes -  The Company s income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management s best assessment
of estimated future taxes to be paid. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income
tax expense.  

Deferred
income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. In evaluating
the Company s ability to recover its deferred tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence,
including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent
financial operations. In projecting future taxable income, the Company develops assumptions including the amount of future state
and federal pretax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax
planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income, and are consistent
with the plans and estimates that the Company is using to manage the underlying businesses. The Company provides a valuation allowance
for deferred tax assets for which the Company does not consider realization of such deferred tax assets to be more likely than
not.  

Changes
in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management is not aware of
any such changes that would have a material effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position.  

Business
Segments    The Company operates in one segment and therefore segment information is not presented.  

Use
of Estimates    In preparing financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, we are
required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenditures during the reported periods. Actual
results could differ materially from those estimates. Estimates may include those pertaining to valuation of inventories and mineralized
material on leach pads, the estimated useful lives and valuation of properties, plant and equipment, mineral rights and properties,
deferred tax assets, convertible preferred stock, derivative assets and liabilities, reclamation liabilities, stock-based compensation
and payments, and contingent liabilities.  

Non-Controlling Interest Policy   
Non-controlling interest (NCI) is the portion of equity ownership in a subsidiary not attributable to the parent company, who
has a controlling interest and consolidates the subsidiary's financial results with its own. The amount of equity relating to
the non-controlling interest is separately identified in the equity section of the balance sheet and the amount of the net income
(loss) relating to the non-controlling interest is separately identified on the statement of operations. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements    In July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued
Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory .
This ASU provides that an entity that measured inventory by using first-in, first-out or average cost should measure inventory
at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices of such inventory in the ordinary
course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged
for inventory measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within these fiscal years. Early application of this ASU is permitted as of
the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company elected early application of this ASU, which did not have
a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15. This ASU requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going
concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the
ASU (1) provides a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) requires an evaluation every reporting period including interim
periods, (3) provides principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, (4) requires certain disclosures
when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, (5) requires an express statement
and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) requires an assessment for a period of one year after
the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). This standard is effective for the fiscal years
ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 that introduces a new five-step revenue recognition model in which an entity should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU also requires disclosures sufficient to enable
users to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers,
including qualitative and quantitative disclosures about contracts with customers, significant judgments and changes in judgments,
and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance
to determine the impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which eliminates the current requirement
to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position.
Instead, entities will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent in a statement of financial
position. This standard is effective financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those annual periods. Early application is permitted. The Company is evaluating the timing of its adoption of this
ASU. The Company elected early application of this ASU, which did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.  

Reclassifications
-  Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period consolidated financial statements to conform to the current
period presentation.  

3.
Inventories, Stockpiles and Mineralized Materials on Leach Pads   

Inventories,
stockpiles and mineralized materials on leach pads at December 31, 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following:  

There
were no stockpiles at December 31, 2015 and 2014.  

During 2015, the Company evaluated the mineralized
material on the leach pad and determined that all ore placed on the pad prior to January 1, 2015 had dropped below the economically
viable level to recover materials. It was determined that the value of this mineralized material should be written to zero. The
Company recognized a write-down of this mineralized material on the leach pad in the amount of $1,518,497 from its inventory-in-process
amounts. 

4.
Derivative Financial Instruments   

The
Company adopted the provisions of ASC subtopic 825-10,  Financial Instruments  ( ASC 825-10 ) on January 1, 2008.
ASC 825-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets
and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market
in which it would transact and considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such
as inherent risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of nonperformance. ASC 825-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires
an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC
825-10 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:  

Level
1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level
2   Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in
markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which all significant
inputs are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities.  

Level
3   Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or
liabilities.  

To
the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination
of fair value requires more judgment. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of
the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair
value measurement is disclosed and is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  

The
carrying value of the Company s cash, accounts payable, short-term borrowings (including convertible notes payable), and
other current assets and liabilities approximate fair value because of their short-term maturity.  

As
of December 31, 2015 or December 31, 2014, the Company did not have any items that would be classified as level 1 or 2 disclosures.  

All
items required to be recorded or measured on a recurring basis are based upon level 3 inputs.  

The
derivative liability as of December 31, 2015, in the amount of $26,934,356 has a level 3 classification.  

The
following table provides a summary of changes in fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial liabilities as of December
31, 2015 and 2014:  

Debt
derivatives    As described in Note 4, the Company issued convertible promissory notes which are convertible into common
stock, at holders  option, at a discount to the market price of the Company s common stock. The Company has identified
the embedded derivatives related to these notes relating to certain anti-dilutive (reset) provisions. These embedded derivatives
included certain conversion features. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record
fair value of the derivatives as of the inception date of debenture and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date.  

At
December 31, 2015, the Company marked to market the fair value of the debt derivatives and determined a fair value of $26,814,501.
The Company recorded a gain from change in fair value of debt derivatives of $2,868,971 for the year ended December 31,
2015. The fair value of the embedded derivatives was determined using Binomial Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:
(1) dividend yield of 0%, (2) expected volatility of 213.00% to 309.45%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.14%
to 1.06% (4) expected life of 0.10 to 1.94 years, and (5) the quoted market price of the Company s common stock at each
valuation date.  

Based
upon ASC 840-15-25 (EITF Issue 00-19, paragraph 11) the Company has adopted a sequencing approach regarding the application of
ASC 815-40 to its outstanding convertible notes. Pursuant to the sequencing approach, the Company evaluates its contracts based
upon earliest issuance date.  

Warrant
liabilities    As described in Note 4, the Company issued warrants in conjunction with the issuance with the Typenex,
JMJ Financial and Firstfire Global Convertible Promissory Notes. These warrants contain certain reset provisions. The accounting
treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of the inception
date (issuance date) and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date.  

At
December 31, 2015, the Company marked to market the fair value of the warrant liability and determined a fair value of $119,855.
The Company recorded a loss from change in fair value of warrant liability of $13,051 for the year ended December 31, 2015.
The fair value of the warrant liability was determined using Binomial Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:
(1) dividend yield of 0%, (2) expected volatility of 339.39% to 377.99%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 1.31%
to 1.76% (4) expected life of 3.75 to 4.59 years, and (5) the quoted market price of the Company s common stock at each
valuation date.  

Liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized as follows:  

5.
Properties, Plant and Equipment, Net   

Properties,
plant and equipment at December 31, 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following:  

During
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recognized depreciation expense of $328,408 and $390,528, respectively.  

6. Mineral Rights and Properties  

On October 2, 2015, the Company consummated
a merger with Clavo Rico Ltd. Clavo Rico is a privately held Turks and Caicos company with principal operations in Honduras, Central
America. Clavo Rico operates the Clavo Rico mining concession through its subsidiary, Compa    a
Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A. de C.V. and holds other mining concessions. Its workings include several historical underground operations
dating back to the early Mayan and Spanish occupation. The Company s primary mine is located on the 200 hectare Clavo Rico
Concession, located in southern Honduras. This mine was originally explored and exploited in the 16th century by the Spanish,
and more recently has been operated by Compa    a Minera Cerros del Sur,
S.A. de C.V. as a small family business. In 2003, Clavo Rico s predecessor purchased a 20% interest and later increased
its ownership to 99.9%. The Company has released its claim on some of the concessions and wrote-off the remaining balance of the
mining rights for these concessions during the year ended December 31, 2015. The Company recognized an impairment of mining rights
of $135,450, 

7.
Mine Reclamation Liability   

The
Company is required to mitigate long-term environmental impacts by stabilizing, contouring, re-sloping, and re-vegetating various
portions of our site after mining and mineral processing operations are completed. These reclamation efforts are conducted in
accordance with plans reviewed and approved by the appropriate regulatory agencies.  

The fair value of the long-term liability
of $77,716 and $29,637 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, for our obligation to reclaim our mine facility is based
on our most recent reclamation plan, as revised, submitted and approved by the Honduran Institute of Geology and Mines (INHGEOMIN)
and Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment (SERNA). Such costs are based on management s current estimate of then
expected amounts for the remediation work, assuming the work is performed in accordance with current laws and regulations and
using a risk free rate of 3.74% and an inflation rate of 2%. It is reasonably possible that, due to uncertainties associated with
the application of laws and regulations by regulatory authorities and changes in reclamation or remediation technology, the ultimate
cost of reclamation and remediation could change in the future. We periodically review the accrued reclamation liability for information
indicating that our assumptions should change. 

The
increases in the reclamation liability in 2015 and 2014 were related to the expansion of the heap leach facility and related infrastructure.  

Changes to the asset retirement obligation
were as follows: 

8.
Accrued Liabilities   

Accrued
liabilities at December 31, 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following:  

9.
Notes Payable   

Pine
Valley Investments     On September 9, 2015, the Company issued
an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note ( Note ) to PineValley Investments in the principal amount of $250,000 (the
 Note ) due on September 28, 2015 and bears a 10% interest rate. The Company made a payment of $275,000 for the principal
and accrued interest balance of $25,000 on September 28, 2015. The note and accrued interest were paid in full. The Company recognized
$25,000 in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2015.   

On
November 11, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note ( Note ) to PineValley Investments in
the principal amount of $35,000 (the  Note ) due on November 18, 2015 and bears a 10% interest rate. The Company made
a payment of $35,350 for the principal and accrued interest balance of $350 on December 9, 2015. The note and accrued interest
were paid in full. The Company recognized $350 in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

On
November 18, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note ( Note ) to PineValley Investments in
the principal amount of $170,000 (the  Note ) due on December 5, 2015 and bears a 10% interest rate. The Company made
a payment of $187,000 for the principal and accrued interest balance of $17,000 on December 9, 2015. The note and accrued interest
were paid in full. The Company recognized $17,000 in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

On
December 10, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note ( Note ) to PineValley Investments in
the principal amount of $170,000 (the  Note ) due on January 9, 2016 and bears a 10% interest rate. The Company made
a payment of $100,000 towards the principal balance on December 22, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance of
the note was $70,000.  

10.
Convertible Notes Payable   

Convertible
notes payable were comprised of the following as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014:  

Dave Wavrek    On June 7, 2014,
the Company entered into an unsecured Note Purchase Agreement for the sale of a 20% convertible promissory note in which the Company
will receive the principal amount of $100,000. The note bears interest at the rate of 20% per annum and all interest and principal
must be repaid on December 31, 2015. The note is convertible, at the holder s option into shares of the Company s
common stock at $0.45 per share. A beneficial conversion feature on the new note was recorded for $100,000. For the year ended
December 31, 2015, the Company amortized $0 of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December
31, 2015 the gross balance of the note was $4,500 and accrued interest was $40,000. The note is currently in default. 

Firstfire
Global    On June 23, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured Convertible Promissory Note ( Note ) to Firstfire
Global in the principal amount of $115,000 (the  Note ) due on September 23, 2015 and bears 8% per annum interest,
due at maturity. The total net proceeds the Company received was $94,000 (less an original issue discount ( OID )
of $21,000). The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s option, at a price of $0.10 or a 55% discount to the
lowest bid prices of the common stock during the 10 trading day period prior to conversion. The Company has identified the embedded
derivatives related to the above described note. These embedded derivatives included certain conversion features. On September
23, 2015 the Company negotiated an extension of the note to October 20, 2015. As part of the agreement, the Company made payments
of $46,050 and issued 150,000 shares of common stock valued at $17,145. The Company recorded a gain on the extinguishment of debt
of $26,102 due to the derivative valuation and the shares of common stock issued. On October 13, 2015, the Company made a payment
of $25,000. On October 20, 2015, the Company negotiated another extension of the note to November 19, 2015. As part of the agreement,
the Company made payments of $20,000 and issued 100,000 shares of common stock valued at $30,000. The Company recorded a loss
on the extinguishment of debt of $30,581 due to the derivative valuation and the shares of common stock issued. The Company paid
the outstanding balance of the note and accrued interest on November 19, 2015. The Company also had to pay a prepayment penalty
of $28,750, which was recorded as interest expense. The total payments made were $55,529.  

In
connection with the issuance of the Note, the Company issued detachable warrants granting the holder the right to acquire an aggregate
of 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock at $1.25 per share. The warrants expire on June 23, 2020. The warrants contain
certain reset (anti-dilutive) provisions.  

The
Company has identified the embedded derivatives related to the above described note and detached warrants. These embedded derivatives
included certain conversion features and reset provisions. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires
that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent
reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company determined the fair value of $310,952 and $50,000 of embedded derivatives
related to the Note and warrants, respectively. The fair value of the embedded derivatives were determined using the Binominal
Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 38.05% and 788.08%
(3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.00% and 1.76%, (4) expected life of 0.02 and 5.01 years, and (5) the quoted
market price of the Company s common stock of $0.114 to $0.30 per share.  

The
determined fair value of the aggregate derivatives of $360,952 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note
with the remainder $266,952 charged to current period operations as non-cash interest expense. For the year ended December 31,
2015, the Company amortized $0 of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December
31, 2015 the gross balance of the note was $0 and accrued interest was $0.  

Iconic
Holdings    On November 17, 2015, the Company entered into an unsecured Note Purchase Agreement in which the Company
will receive the principal amount of $55,000 with an original issue discount of 10% of loaned funds. The Company has received
funds totaling $50,000 and recorded additional principal due to the original issue discount totaling $5,000. The note bears interest
at the rate of 10% per annum and all interest and principal must be repaid on June 1, 2016. The note is convertible into common
stock, at the holder s option, at the lower of $0.15 or 60% of the lowest three trading prices of the Company s common
stock during the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the date of conversion. The Company has identified the embedded derivatives
related to the note. The embedded derivatives relate to conversion features.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date, which at December 31, 2015 was $175,516.
At the inception of the notes, the Company determined the aggregate fair value of $222,296 of the embedded derivatives. The fair
value of the embedded derivatives were determined using the Binomial Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:
(1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 289.73% to 309.45%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.34%
to 0.49%, (4) expected lives of 0.42 to 0.54 years, and (5) estimated fair value of the Company s common stock from $0.20
to $0.28 per share based upon quoted market price. The initial fair value of the embedded debt derivatives of $222,296 were allocated
as a debt discount up to the proceeds of the notes ($55,000) with the remainder ($167,296) charged to current period operations
as interest expense. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company amortized $12,284 of debt discount to current period
operations as interest expense. As of December 31, 2015 the gross balance of the note was $55,000 and accrued interest was $663.  

JMJ
Financial Services    On December 9, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured Convertible Promissory Note ( Note )
to JMJ Financial Services ( JMJ ), in the principal amount of $55,000 (the  Note ) due on December 9,
2017 and bears 12% per annum interest, due at maturity. The total net proceeds the Company received was $50,000 (less an original
issue discount ( OID ) of $5,000). The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s option, at the lesser
of $0.25 or a 40% discount of the lowest trading price of the common stock during the 25 trading day period prior to conversion.
The Company has identified the embedded derivatives related to the note. The embedded derivatives relate to conversion features.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date, which at December 31, 2015 was $188,474.
At the inception of the notes, the Company determined the aggregate fair value of $138,644 of the embedded derivatives. The fair
value of the embedded derivatives were determined using the Binomial Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:
(1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 211.34% to 213.61%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.93%
to 1.06%, (4) expected lives of 1.94 to 2.00 years, and (5) estimated fair value of the Company s common stock from $0.20
to $0.25 per share based upon quoted market price. The initial fair value of the embedded debt derivatives of $138,644 were allocated
as a debt discount up to the proceeds of the notes ($55,000) with the remainder ($83,644) charged to current period operations
as interest expense. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company amortized $1,505 of debt discount to current period operations
as interest expense. As of December 31, 2015 the gross balance of the note was $55,000 and accrued interest was $403.  

Jonathan
Shane    On June 15, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured Convertible Promissory Note ( Note ) to Jonathan
Shane in the principal amount of $25,000 (the  Note ) due on June 14, 2016 and bears 12% per annum interest, due at
maturity. The total net proceeds the Company received was $25,000. The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s
option, at a price of $0.59 or a 40% discount to the average of the three lowest trading prices of the common stock during the
25 trading day period prior to conversion. The Company has identified the embedded derivatives related to the above described
note. These embedded derivatives included certain conversion features.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company
determined the fair value of $40,716 of embedded derivatives related to the Note. The fair value of the embedded derivatives were
determined using the Binominal Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%, (2) expected
volatility of 188.8% to 298.31%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.28% to 0.49%, (4) expected life of 0.45 to
1.00 year, and (5) the quoted market price of the Company s common stock of $0.12 to $0.20 per share. The determined fair
value of the aggregate derivatives of $40,716 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note with the remainder
$15,716 charged to current period operations as non-cash interest expense.  

On
July 7, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured Convertible Promissory Note ( Note ) to Jonathan Shane in the principal
amount of $30,000 (the  Note ) due on July 6, 2016 and bears 12% per annum interest, due at maturity. The total net
proceeds the Company received was $30,000. The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s option, at a price of
$0.59 or a 40% discount to the average of the three lowest trading prices of the common stock during the 25 trading day period
prior to conversion. The Company has identified the embedded derivatives related to the above described note. These embedded derivatives
included certain conversion features.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company
determined the fair value of $84,695 of embedded derivatives related to the Note. The fair value of the embedded derivatives were
determined using the Binominal Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected
volatility of 201.56% to 290.58%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.25% to 0.49%, (4) expected life of 0.52 to
1.00 year, and (5) the quoted market price of the Company s common stock of $0.13 to $0.205 per share. The determined fair
value of the aggregate derivatives of $84,695 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note with the remainder
$54,695 charged to current period operations as non-cash interest expense.  

For
the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company amortized $7,397 of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense.
As of December 31, 2015 the gross balance of the note was $55,000 and accrued interest was $2,538.  

Phil
Zobrist    On January 11, 2013, the Company issued an unsecured Promissory Note ( Note ) to Phil Zobrist
in the principal amount of $60,000 (the  Note ) due on demand and bearing 0% per annum interest. The total net proceeds
the Company received was $60,000. On October 2, 2015, the Company entered into a new convertible note with Phil Zobrist that matures
on December 31, 2016 and bears 18% per annum interest. The Company agreed to accrue interest from inception of these Notes in
the amount of $29,412 and charged this amount to interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2015. The Note is convertible
into common stock, at holder s option, at a price of $0.18 or a 50% discount to the average of the three lowest VWAP of
the common stock during the 20 trading day period prior to conversion. The Company has identified the embedded derivatives related
to the above described note. These embedded derivatives included certain conversion features.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company
determined the fair value of $284,799 of embedded derivatives related to the Note. The fair value of the embedded derivatives
were determined using the Binominal Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected
volatility of 214.29% to 261.78%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.25% to 0.65%, (4) expected life of 1.00 to
1.25 year, and (5) the quoted market price of the Company s common stock of $0.15 to $0.20 per share. The determined fair
value of the aggregate derivatives of $284,799 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note with
the remainder $224,799 charged to current period operations as non-cash interest expense. For the year ended December 31,
2015, the Company amortized $11,842 of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December 31,
2015 the gross balance of the note was $60,000 and accrued interest was $32,075.  

Typenex
   On July 7, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured Convertible Promissory Note ( Note ) to Typenex Co-Investment
LLC ( Typenex ), in the principal amount of $58,000 (the  Note ) due on February 7, 2016 and bears 10%
per annum interest, due at maturity. The total net proceeds the Company received was $50,000 (less an original issue discount
( OID ) of $5,000 and legal fees reimbursement of $3,000). The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s
option, at a 40% discount to the average of the three lowest bid prices of the common stock during the 20 trading day period prior
to conversion. However, should the average of the three lowest bid prices as described above fall below $0.60, then the applicable
discount increases to 45%. In addition, the conversion price is to subject to be reduced should the Company issue or grant common
stock or equivalents (as defined) at a lower issuance price (dilutive issuance).  

In
connection with the issuance of the Note, the Company issued detachable warrants granting the holder the right to acquire an aggregate
of 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock at $.25 per share. The warrants expire on June 30, 2020. The warrants contain
certain reset (anti-dilutive) provisions.  

The
Company has identified the embedded derivatives related to the above described note and detached warrants. These embedded derivatives
included certain conversion features and reset provisions. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires
that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent
reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company determined the fair value of $123,304 and $51,250 of embedded derivatives
related to the Note and warrants, respectively. The fair value of the embedded derivatives were determined using the Binominal
Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 168.78% to 704.06%
(3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.06% and 1.55%, (4) expected life of 0.10 and 5.01 years, and (5) the quoted
market price of the Company s common stock of $0.13 to $0.205 per share.  

The
determined fair value of the aggregate derivatives of $174,554 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note
with the remainder $124,554 charged to current period operations as non-cash interest expense. For the year ended December 31,
2015, the Company amortized $24,279 of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December 31, 2015
the gross balance of the note was $58,000 and accrued interest was $2,978.  

UP
and Burlington Development    On February 25, 2013, the Company, its majority shareholder, and its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Inception Development Inc. (the  Subsidiary ), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Inception Resources,
LLC, a Utah corporation, pursuant to which the Company purchased the U.P. and Burlington Gold Mine in consideration of 16,000,000
shares of common stock valued at $160 (valued at par value of $0.00001 because of the entities being under common control), the
assumption of promissory notes in the amount of $800,000 and $150,000 and the assignment of a 3% net royalty. The Asset Purchase
Agreement closed on February 25, 2013. On November 1, 2013, one of the notes was renegotiated with the note holder. The original
note was restructured and treated as an extinguishment and as such is now convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock at $0.45 per share. All the other points of the note remained the same. A beneficial conversion feature on the new note
was recorded for $630,000. On February 11, 2014, the Company converted $130,000 of principal into 288,889 shares of common stock.
On December 10, 2014, the note holder elected to convert $41,250 of the principle balance of the note into 91,666 shares of common
stock at $0.45 per share. On December 17, 2014, the note holder elected to convert $300,000 of the principle balance of the note
into 666,666 shares of common stock at $0.45 per share. On December 17, 2014, the note holder elected to forgive $148,750 of the
principle balance of the note. As of December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance on this note was $10,000.  

11.
Convertible Note Payable   Related Parties   

Claymore
Management    On March 18, 2011, the Company issued an unsecured Promissory Note ( Note ) to Claymore Management
in the principal amount of $185,000 (the  Note ) due on demand and bears 0% per annum interest. The total net proceeds
the Company received was $185,000. On October 2, 2015, the Company entered into a new convertible note with Claymore Management
that matures on December 31, 2016 and bears 18% per annum interest. The Company agreed to accrue interest from March 18, 2011
in the amount of $151,355 and charged this amount to interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2015. The Note is convertible
into common stock, at holder s option, at a price of $0.18 or a 50% discount to the average of the three lowest VWAP of
the common stock during the 20 trading day period prior to conversion. The Company has identified the embedded derivatives related
to the above described note. These embedded derivatives included certain conversion features.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company
determined the fair value of $1,071,380 of embedded derivatives related to the Note. The fair value of the embedded derivatives
were determined using the Binominal Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected
volatility of 214.29% (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.25%, (4) expected life of 1.25 year, and (5) the quoted
market price of the Company s common stock of $0.15 per share. The determined fair value of the aggregate derivatives of
$1,071,380 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note with the remainder $886,380 charged
to current period operations as non-cash interest expense. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company amortized $36,513
of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December 31, 2015 the gross balance of the note was $185,000
and accrued interest was $159,566.  

GAIA
Ltd.    Between December 2011 and October 2012, the Company issued seven unsecured Promissory Notes ( Notes )
to GAIA Ltd. for a total principal amount of $1,150,000 (the  Notes ) due on demand and bearing 0% per annum interest.
The total net proceeds the Company received was $1,150,000. On October 2, 2015, the Company entered into a new convertible note
with GAIA Ltd. that matures on December 31, 2016 and bears 18% per annum interest. The Company agreed to accrue interest from
inception of these Notes in the amount of $724,463 and charged this amount to interest expense during the year ended December
31, 2015. The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s option, at a price of $0.18 or a 50% discount to the average
of the three lowest VWAP of the common stock during the 20 trading day period prior to conversion. The Company has identified
the embedded derivatives related to the above described note. These embedded derivatives included certain conversion features.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company
determined the fair value of $5,970,658 of embedded derivatives related to the Note. The fair value of the embedded derivatives
were determined using the Binominal Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected
volatility of 214.29% (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.25%, (4) expected life of 1.25 year, and (5) the quoted
market price of the Company s common stock of $0.15 per share. The determined fair value of the aggregate derivatives of
$5,970,658 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note with the remainder $4,820,658 charged
to current period operations as non-cash interest expense. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company amortized $226,974
of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December 31, 2015 the gross balance of the note was $1,150,000
and accrued interest was $775,504.  

Legends
Capital Group    Between October 2011 and September 2012, the Company issued eleven unsecured Promissory Notes ( Notes )
to Legends Capital Group for a total principal amount of $765,000 (the  Notes ) due on demand and bearing 0% per annum
interest. The total net proceeds the Company received was $765,000. On October 2, 2015, the Company entered into a new convertible
note with Legends Capital Group that matures on December 31, 2016 and bears 18% per annum interest. The Company agreed to accrue
interest from inception of these Notes in the amount of $504,806 and charged this amount to interest expense during the year ended
December 31, 2015. The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s option, at a price of $0.18 or a 50% discount
to the average of the three lowest VWAP of the common stock during the 20 trading day period prior to conversion. The Company
has identified the embedded derivatives related to the above described note. These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company
determined the fair value of $4,044,667 of embedded derivatives related to the Note. The fair value of the embedded derivatives
were determined using the Binominal Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected
volatility of 214.29% to 261.78%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.25% to 0.65%, (4) expected life of 1.00 to
1.25 year, and (5) the quoted market price of the Company s common stock of $0.15 to $0.20 per share. The determined fair
value of the aggregate derivatives of $4,044,667 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note with
the remainder $3,279,667 charged to current period operations as non-cash interest expense. For the year ended December
31, 2015, the Company amortized $150,987 of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December 31,
2015 the gross balance of the note was $765,000 and accrued interest was $538,759.  

LW
Briggs Irrevocable Trust    Between December 2010 and January 2013, the Company issued eight unsecured Promissory Notes
( Notes ) to LW Briggs Irrevocable Trust for a total principal amount of $1,101,000 (the  Notes ) due
on demand and bearing 0% per annum interest. The total net proceeds the Company received was $1,101,000. On October 2, 2015, the
Company entered into a new convertible note with LW Briggs Irrevocable Trust that matures on December 31, 2016 and bears 18% per
annum interest. The Company agreed to accrue interest from inception of these Notes in the amount of $814,784 and charged this
amount to interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2015. The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s
option, at a price of $0.18 or a 50% discount to the average of the three lowest VWAP of the common stock during the 20 trading
day period prior to conversion. The Company has identified the embedded derivatives related to the above described note. These
embedded derivatives included certain conversion features.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company
determined the fair value of $6,102,276 of embedded derivatives related to the Note. The fair value of the embedded derivatives
were determined using the Binominal Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected
volatility of 214.29% to 261.78%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.25% to 0.65%, (4) expected life of 1.00 to
1.25 year, and (5) the quoted market price of the Company s common stock of $0.15 to $0.20 per share. The determined fair
value of the aggregate derivatives of $6,102,276 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note with
the remainder $5,001,276 charged to current period operations as non-cash interest expense. For the year ended December
31, 2015, the Company amortized $217,303 of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December 31,
2015 the gross balance of the note was $1,101,000 and accrued interest was $863,650.  

MDL
Ventures    The Company entered into an unsecured convertible note payable agreement with MDL Ventures, LLC, which is
100% owned by a Company officer, effective October 1, 2014, due on December 31, 2016 and bears 18% per annum interest, due at
maturity. Principal on the convertible note is convertible into common stock at the holder s option at a price of the lower
of $0.18 or 50% of the lowest three daily volume weighted average prices of the Company s common stock during the 20 consecutive
days prior to the date of conversion.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company
determined the fair value of $600,937 of embedded derivatives related to the Note. The fair value of the embedded derivatives
were determined using the Binominal Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected
volatility of 121.06% to 265.70%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.00% to 0.14%, (4) expected life of 0.17 to
1.00 year, and (5) the quoted market price of the Company s common stock of $0.11 to $0.88 per share. The determined fair
value of the aggregate derivatives of $600,937 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note with the remainder
$242,521 charged to current period operations as non-cash interest expense.  

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the
Company amortized $0 of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December 31, 2015 the gross balance
of the note was $774,635 and accrued interest was $0. 

Silverbrook
Corporation    Between March 2011 and February 2015, the Company issued 23 unsecured Promissory Notes ( Notes )
to Silverbrook Corporation for a total principal amount of $2,227,980 (the  Notes ) due on demand and bearing 0% per
annum interest. The total net proceeds the Company received was $2,227,980. On October 2, 2015, the Company entered into a new
convertible note with Silverbrook Corporation that matures on December 31, 2016 and bears 18% per annum interest. The Company
agreed to accrue interest from inception of these Notes in the amount of $1,209,606 and charged this amount to interest expense
during the year ended December 31, 2015. The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s option, at a price of $0.18
or a 50% discount to the average of the three lowest VWAP of the common stock during the 20 trading day period prior to conversion.
The Company has identified the embedded derivatives related to the above described note. These embedded derivatives included certain
conversion features.  

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of
the inception date of the Notes and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. At the inception of the Note, the Company
determined the fair value of $10,949,616 of embedded derivatives related to the Note. The fair value of the embedded derivatives
were determined using the Binominal Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected
volatility of 214.29% to 261.78%, (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 0.25% to 0.65%, (4) expected life of 1.00 to
1.25 year, and (5) the quoted market price of the Company s common stock of $0.15 to $0.20 per share. The determined fair
value of the aggregate derivatives of $10,949,616 were charged as a debt discount up to the net proceeds of the note
with the remainder $8,721,636 charged to current period operations as non-cash interest expense. For the year ended December
31, 2015, the Company amortized $439,733 of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December
31, 2015 the gross balance of the note was $2,227,980 and accrued interest was $1,308,492.  

12.
Stockholders  Deficit   

Common
Stock   

On October 2, 2015, the Company issued 14,757,683
shares of common stock in exchange for the issued and outstanding shares of Clavo Rico, Ltd. Clavo Rico, Ltd. Became a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company. Under this merger agreement, there was a change in control and it has been treated for accounting
purposes as a reverse recapitalization with Clavo Rico, Ltd. being the surviving entity. 

On
October 20, 2015, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock for negotiation of a note extension. The Company recorded
$30,000 ($0.30 per shares) as a loss on extinguishment of debt.  

On
October 20, 2015, a shareholder returned 150,000 shares of common stock to the Company for cancellation. There was no cost to
the Company for these shares.  

On
December 15, 2015, a shareholder returned 83,333 shares of common stock to the Company for cancellation. There was no cost to
the Company for these shares.  

On
December 17, 2015, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock for cash at $0.098 per share. The Company received cash proceeds
of $49,000.  

Warrants   

The
following tables summarize the warrant activity during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014:  

13.
Net Loss Per Common Share   

Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if stock
options, warrants, and convertible securities to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. The following
is a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the basic and diluted computation of net loss per share:  

The
following table includes the number of common stock equivalent shares that are not included in the computation of diluted loss
per share, because the Company has a net loss and the inclusion of such shares would be antidilutive.  

14.
Income Taxes   

The
Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 ( ASC 740-10-25 ). Under ASC 740-10-25,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax
rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.  

The
provision for income tax expense (recovery) is comprised the following amounts:  

The
components of deferred income tax in the accompanying balance sheets are as follows:  

As
of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes
of approximately $9,236,000 and $3,197,000 million, respectively. A portion of the federal amount, $1,710,000, is subject
to an annual limitation of approximately $17,000 as a result of a change in the Company s ownership through February 2013,
as defined by Federal Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and the related income tax regulations. As a result of the 20-year federal
carryforward period and the limitation, approximately, $1,400,000 of the net operating loss will expire unutilized. These net
operating loss carry-forwards will expire through the year ending 2035.  

The
valuation allowance was established to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that will more likely than not be realized.
This is necessary due to the Company s continued operating losses and the uncertainty of the Company s ability to
utilize all of the net operating loss carry-forwards before they will expire through the year 2035.  

The
net change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2015 was an approximate increase of $9,236,031.  

The
Company is subject to income tax in the U.S. federal jurisdiction. The Company has not been audited by the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service in connection with income taxes. The Company s tax years beginning with the year ended June 30, 2010 through December
31, 2015 generally remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service until its net operating loss carryforwards are utilized
and the applicable statutes of limitation have expired.  

15.
Related Party Transactions   

Acquisition
of Mining Rights    On February 25, 2013, the Company, its majority shareholder, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Inception
Development Inc. (the  Subsidiary ), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Inception Resources, LLC, a Utah
corporation, pursuant to which the Company purchased the U.P. and Burlington Gold Mine in consideration of 16,000,000 shares of
common stock valued at $160 (valued at par value of $0.00001 because of the entities being under common control), the assumption
of promissory notes in the amount of $800,000 and $150,000 and the assignment of a 3% net royalty (see Note 2). The Asset Purchase
Agreement closed on February 25, 2013. As of December 31, 2015, the outstanding balances on these notes were $10,000 and $0, respectively.
On November 1, 2013, one of the notes was renegotiated with the note holder. The original note was restructured and treated as
an extinguishment and as such is now convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at $0.45 per share. All the other
points of the note remained the same. A beneficial conversion feature on the new note was recorded for $630,000. During the year
ended December 31, 2014, $630,000 of the beneficial conversion feature was accreted as interest expense. During the year ended
December 31, 2015, the note holders agreed to forgive $161,750 of these notes resulting in the Company recognizing a gain on forgiveness
of debt in the amount of $161,750. As of July 31, 2015, the Company determined that it was too costly for the mine to produce
gold effectively and the mining claim should be impaired. The Company recognized a loss on impairment of the mining claim for
$950,160 for the year ended July 31, 2015.  

Consulting
Agreement    In February 2014, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a stockholder/director. The Company
agreed to pay $18,000 per month for twelve months. As of December 31, 2015, the Company owed $375,341 to the stockholder/director
in accrued consulting fees.  

Lease
   The Company leases office space from a related affiliate, MDL Ventures, LLC, which includes month to month terms.
Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2015 amounted to $1,588.  

Employment
Agreements    On February 25, 2013, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Michael Ahlin pursuant to which
he was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director of the Company. Under the terms
of his employment agreement, Mr. Ahlin will become eligible to receive an annual salary, bonus and stock option upon the Company
achieving positive earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ( EBITDA ) in two consecutive quarters
as reflected in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). On August 1, 2015, the Company amended
the previously entered into employment agreement with Michael Ahlin pursuant to which the eligibility requirements of the Company
achieving positive EBITDA in two consecutive quarters as reflected in its filings with the SEC were removed.  

On
February 25, 2013, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Whit Cluff pursuant to which he was appointed as the
Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company. Under the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Cluff will become eligible
to receive an annual salary, bonus and stock option upon the Company achieving positive EBITDA in two consecutive quarters as
reflected in its filings with the SEC. Mr. Cluff resigned as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company on November 3, 2015.  

16.
Commitments and Contingencies   

Litigation  

The
Company at times is subject to other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management,
as of December 31, 2015, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such matters, if any, is not likely to have a material
impact on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. However, as the outcome of litigation
and other claims is difficult to predict significant changes in the estimated exposures could exist.  

17.
Subsequent Events   

On
January 5, 2016, 100,000 shares of common stock were issued to Brunson Chandler   Jones PLLC as payment for legal services
performed for the Company. These shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder since, among
other things, the transactions did not involve a public offering.  

On
January 11, 2016, the Company issued 5,194,537 shares of common stock to The Panamera Trust pursuant to the exercise of a warrant.
These shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder since, among other things, the transactions
did not involve a public offering.  

On
January 11, 2016, the Company issued 5,925,192 shares of common stock to Cornerstone Holdings LTD pursuant to the exercise of
a warrant. These shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder since, among other things,
the transactions did not involve a public offering.  

On
December 15, 2015, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement with Brian Brewer through which he agreed to return up to 500,000
shares of common stock in the Company. Pursuant to the terms of that Settlement Agreement, 83,333 shares of the Company were returned
to the Company for cancellation on January 15, 2016, 83,333 shares of the Company were returned to the Company for cancellation
on February 17, 2016, 83,333 shares of the Company were returned to the Company for cancellation on March 15, 2015, and 83,333
shares of the Company were returned to the Company for cancellation on April 20, 2016.  

On
January 11, 2016, the Company authorized a 5.5:1 reverse stock split on its shares of common stock with a record date of January
11, 2016. The reverse split has not yet been approved and announced by FINRA.  

On
January 13, 2016, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of $27,577 to its legal counsel for previous
services rendered. The note may be converted at 90% of the volume weighted average price of such common stock (representing a
10% discount) during the three trading days immediately preceding the conversion.  

On January 25, 2016, the Company issued an
unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note ( Note ) to 3-2-1 Partners LLC in the principal amount of $75,000 (the  Note )
due on February 6, 2016 and bears a 10% interest rate. The Company made a payment of $82,500 for the principal and accrued interest
balance of $7,500 on January 27, 2016. The note and accrued interest were paid in full. 

On February 1, 2016, the Company issued an
unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note ( Note ) to 3-2-1 Partners LLC in the principal amount of $50,000 (the  Note )
due on February 16, 2016 and bears a 10% interest rate. The Company made a payment of $55,000 for the principal and accrued interest
balance of $5,000 on February 10, 2016. The note and accrued interest were paid in full. 

On March 7, 2016, the Company issued an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note ( Note )
to 3-2-1 Partners LLC in the principal amount of $25,000 (the  Note ) due on March 18, 2016 and bears a 10% interest
rate. The Company made a payment of $26,250 for the principal and accrued interest balance of $1,250 on March 15, 2016. The note
and accrued interest were paid in full. 

18.
Restatement   

The
Company has restated the 2015 financial statements as originally presented in its 10K filed on May 3, 2016. The changes and explanation
of such are as follows:  

Consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2015:  

Consolidated
Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the year ended December 31, 2015:  

The
adjustments above reflect restatement due to revised valuations of derivative liabilities on convertible notes payable and associated
debt discounts being recognized during the year, together with the change in the derivative liability and amortization of debt
discounts during the year.  

In
addition to the restatement of the 2015 financial statements, the Company has restated the financial statements presented in the
10-Q for periods of March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 because of the same revised valuations of derivative liabilities on convertible
notes payable and associated debt discounts. The changes are as follows:  

Condensed
consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2016:  

Condensed
consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three month period ended March 31, 2016:  

Condensed
consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2016:  

Condensed
consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the six month period ended June 30, 2016:  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1   

OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE   

   PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302   

I,
Michael Ahlin, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inception Mining Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      I
    am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
    and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
    the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      I
    have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 22, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
    Michael Ahlin    

Name:  
      Michael
    Ahlin   

Title:  
      Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2   

OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE   

   PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302   

I,
Trent D Ambrosio, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inception Mining Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      I
    am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
    and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
    the registrant and have:   

(e)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(f)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(g)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(h)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      I
    have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(c)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(d)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 22, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
    Trent D Ambrosio    

Name:  
      Trent
    D Ambrosio   

Title:  
      Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inception Mining Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended December
31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Ahlin,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:  

1.  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
    and   

2.  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Date:
    November 22, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
    Michael Ahlin    

Name:  
      Michael
    Ahlin   

Title:  
      Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inception Mining Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended December
31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Trent D Ambrosio,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:  

1.  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
    and   

2.  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Date:
    November 22, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
    Trent D Ambrosio    

Name:  
      Trent
    D Ambrosio   

Title:  
      Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

