<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1046327_0001046327-16-000118_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6214422</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>174639</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>313729</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2175112</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2542864</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>886079</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001046327-16-000118.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104114640
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001046327-16-000118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REALNETWORKS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001046327
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				911628146
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37745
		FILM NUMBER:		161974198

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1501 FIRST AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2066742700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1501 FIRST AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001046327-16-000118.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 q310q2016.htm
 10-Q Q3 2016

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

(Mark One) 

For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from              to              
  Commission file number 0-23137 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
                         Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No       
  The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of   October 31, 2016   was   36,971,291  .  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I. Financial Information  
    3 
       Item 1. Financial Statements  
    3 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    19 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    31 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    32 
       Part II. Other Information  
    33 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    33 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    33 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    41 
       Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities  
    41 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    41 
       Item 5. Other Information  
    41 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    41 
       Signature  
    43 
       Index to Exhibits  
    44 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 
      
  REALNETWORKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except per share data)   

  See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

REALNETWORKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

REALNETWORKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

REALNETWORKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  Quarters and Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015    
                 Note 1 
    Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Description of Business.   RealNetworks, Inc. and subsidiaries is a global provider of network-delivered digital media applications and services that make it easy to manage, play and share digital media. The Company also develops and markets software products and services that enable the creation, distribution and consumption of digital media, including audio and video. 
  Inherent in our business are various risks and uncertainties, including a limited history of certain of our product and service offerings. RealNetworks' success will depend on the acceptance of our technology, products and services and the ability to generate related revenue. 
  In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (10-Q or Report), RealNetworks, Inc. and Subsidiaries is referred to as  RealNetworks , the  Company ,  we ,  us , or  our .  "RealPlayer     " and other trademarks of ours appearing in this report are our property. 
  Basis of Presentation.   The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal, recurring adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations for the periods presented. Operating results for the   quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any subsequent period or for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . Certain information and disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
  These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the 10-K). 
  Use of Estimates.   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
    
  Reportable Segments.   In the first quarter of 2016, we reorganized the management of our businesses and as a result, we 
  changed our reportable segments. See   Note 18  ,   Segment Information  , for details.  The historical financial information presented has been recast to reflect the new segments and the new corporate expense presentation. 

Note 2 
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued a new standard, "Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern". This standard provides guidance around management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. The new guidance is effective for the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods thereafter. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, the adoption of this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued new revenue recognition guidance. The guidance will require an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The new guidance will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new guidance is effective for us on January 1, 2018; with early adoption permitted beginning January 1, 2017.  The guidance permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We are evaluating the effect that the guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We have not yet selected a transition method nor determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting.  
  
   6 

In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to the accounting for leases by lessees. A major change in the new guidance is that lessees will be required to present right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. The new guidance will be effective for us on January 1, 2019. We will be evaluating the effect that the guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
  In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance that is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for stock-based compensation, including the treatment of forfeitures, income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements. The new guidance will be effective for us on January 1, 2017; with early adoption permitted beginning January 1, 2016. We will be evaluating the effect that the guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  There have been no other recent accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting pronouncements to be implemented that are of significance or potential significance to RealNetworks. 

Note 3 
    Acquisitions   Disposals 

2015 Sale of Slingo and social casino business.   On July 24, 2015, we entered into an agreement to sell the Slingo and social casino portion of our games business, including substantially all of the related assets and liabilities, as well as the stock of Backstage Technologies Incorporated, to Gaming Realms plc. Of the total transaction price of    $18.0 million  ,   $10.0 million   was paid in cash at closing on August 10, 2015 and   $4.0 million   was paid in cash on August 10, 2016. The remaining   $4.0 million   will be payable either all in cash or a mix of cash and Gaming Realms plc stock, at our election, on August 10, 2017. We recognized the gain related to the 2016 payment in Gain (loss) on investments, net on the statement of operations. Based on several factors, including the timing of the receipt of the remaining   $4.0 million   consideration, we deferred the remaining gain of   $4.0 million   and will recognize that gain upon realization. 

Note 4 
    Stock-Based Compensation 

Total stock-based compensation expense recognized in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) includes amounts related to stock options, restricted stock, and employee stock purchase plans and was as follows (in thousands): 

The fair value of options granted determined using the Black-Scholes model used the following weighted-average assumptions: 

The total stock-based compensation amounts for   2016   and   2015   disclosed above are recorded in their respective line items within operating expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).  Included in the expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was stock compensation expense recorded in the first quarter of 2016 related to our 2015 incentive bonuses paid in fully vested restricted stock units which were authorized and granted in the first quarter of 2016.   

7 

As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $4.6 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to stock awards. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately   2   years. 
    
  Stock Option Exchange 
    
  As previously disclosed in our SEC filings, on September 19, 2016 our shareholders approved amendments to our stock plans to allow for an option exchange program. The program, which launched on November 3, 2016, offers eligible employees and certain other service providers an opportunity to exchange certain outstanding options, with a per share exercise price in excess of   $4.33  , for new awards.  We currently expect to incur additional stock based compensation due to this exchange beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, which will be determined based upon participation in the program.  

Note 5 
    Rhapsody Joint Venture 

As of   September 30, 2016   we owned approximately   42%   of the issued and outstanding stock of Rhapsody and account for our investment using the equity method of accounting.  
  Rhapsody was initially formed in 2007 as a joint venture between RealNetworks and MTV Networks, a division of Viacom International Inc. (MTVN), to own and operate a business-to-consumer digital audio music service known as Rhapsody.  
  Following certain restructuring transactions effective March 31, 2010, we began accounting for our investment in Rhapsody using the equity method of accounting.  As part of the 2010 restructuring transactions, RealNetworks contributed   $18.0 million   in cash, the Rhapsody brand and certain other assets, including content licenses, in exchange for shares of convertible preferred stock of Rhapsody, carrying a   $10.0 million   preference upon certain liquidation events. 
  We recorded our share of losses of Rhapsody of   $0.2 million   and   $0.6 million   for the   quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $0.7 million   and   $13.8 million   for the quarter and nine months ended September 30,   2015  .  Because of the   $10.0 million   liquidation preference on the preferred stock we hold in Rhapsody, under the equity method of accounting we did not record any share of Rhapsody losses that would reduce our carrying value of Rhapsody, which is impacted by Rhapsody equity transactions, below   $10.0 million  , until Rhapsody's book value was reduced below   $10.0 million  .  This occurred in the first quarter of 2015. As of   September 30, 2016  , the carrying value of our Rhapsody equity investment is   zero  , as we do not record any share of Rhapsody losses that would reduce our carrying value of Rhapsody below zero unless we commit to provide financial support for Rhapsody.  
  Summarized financial information for Rhapsody, which represents   100%   of their financial information, is as follows (in thousands):      

8 

Note 6 
    Fair Value Measurements 

Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  The following table presents information about our financial assets that have been measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs utilized to determine such fair value (in thousands). 

Restricted cash equivalents and investments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   relate to cash pledged as collateral against letters of credit in connection with lease agreements. 
  Realized gains or losses on sales of short-term investment securities for the   quarters and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were not significant. Gross unrealized gains and gross unrealized losses on short-term investment securities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were also not significant. 
  
   9 

Investments with remaining contractual maturities of five years or less are classified as short-term because the investments are marketable and highly liquid, and we have the ability to utilize them for current operations. Contractual maturities of short-term investments as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

Our equity investment in a publicly traded company as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of J-Stream Inc., a Japanese media services company.  This equity investment is accounted for as available for sale.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we sold a portion of J-Stream shares we held, resulting in cash proceeds of   $0.5 million   and a pre-tax gain of   $0.4 million  .   
  In October 2016, we completed the sale of the remaining investment in J-Stream, Inc, resulting in cash proceeds of   $3.3 million   and a realized pre-tax gain of   $3.0 million  . The impact of this transaction will be reflected in our fourth quarter financial statements.    
  In February 2015, Rhapsody issued warrants to purchase Rhapsody common shares to each of RealNetworks and Rhapsody's one other   43%   stockholder. The warrants were issued as compensation for past services provided by RealNetworks and the other 43% stockholder, and both warrants covered the same number of underlying shares. The exercise price of the warrants was equal to the fair value of the underlying shares on the issuance date, and we used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to calculate the fair value of the warrant, using an expected term of   5 years   and expected volatility of   55%  . On the date of issuance, we recognized and recorded the   $1.2 million   fair value of the warrant issued to RealNetworks within other assets in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, and as an expense reduction within General and administrative expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations.  The warrants are free-standing derivatives and as such their fair value is determined each quarter using updated inputs in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the decrease in the fair value of the warrants was insignificant. 
  Items Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis 
  Certain of our assets and liabilities are measured at estimated fair value on a non-recurring basis, using Level 3 inputs. These instruments are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we did not record any impairments on those assets required to be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 
    
  See   Note 12  ,   Lease Exit and Related Charges  , for a discussion of the losses related to reductions in the use of RealNetworks' office space, which were recorded at the estimated fair value of remaining lease obligations, less expected sub-lease income. 

10 

Note 7 
    Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable and Sales Returns 

Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable and sales returns (in thousands): 

One   customer accounted for   57%   and   one   other customer accounted for   14%   of trade accounts receivable as of   September 30, 2016  .  At   December 31, 2015  ,   one   customer accounted for   52%   and   one   other customer accounted for   12%   of trade accounts receivable.   
  One   customer accounted for   32%   or   $9.9 million   of consolidated revenue during the   quarter ended September 30, 2016   and   31%   or   $27.9 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , which is reflected in our Mobile Services segment.  
  One   customer accounted for   28%   of consolidated revenue or   $8.7 million   during the   quarter ended September 30, 2015   and for   25%   of consolidated revenue or   $24.2 million    during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which is reflected in our Mobile Services segment.  

Note 8 
    Other Intangible Assets 

Other intangible assets (in thousands): 

An asset purchase relating to our Games business was completed in the second quarter of 2016 and resulted in an intangible asset of   $0.2 million  . 
    
  In the third quarter of 2016 we recognized a gain of   $2.0 million  , net of transaction costs, to Gain (loss) on investments, net, as the result of a sale of a domain name to a third party.  
    
  No impairments of other intangible assets were recognized in either of the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 
  
   11 

Note 9 
    Goodwill 

Changes in goodwill (in thousands): 

Goodwill by segment (in thousands): 

No impairment of goodwill was recognized in either of the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   or in   2015  . 

Note 10 
    Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 

Accrued and other current liabilities (in thousands): 

Note 11 
    Restructuring Charges 

Restructuring and other charges in   2016   and   2015   consist of costs associated with the ongoing reorganization of our business operations and our ongoing expense re-alignment efforts.  The expense amounts in both years relate primarily to severance costs due to workforce reductions.   
  Restructuring charges are as follows (in thousands):   

12 

Changes to the accrued restructuring liability (which is included in Accrued and other current liabilities) for   2016   (in thousands) are as follows:   

Note 12 
    Lease Exit and Related Charges 

As a result of the reduction in use of RealNetworks' office space, lease exit and related charges have been recognized representing rent and contractual operating expenses over the remaining life of the leases, including estimates of sublease income expected to be received. In the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we recorded additional losses relating to a further reduction of office space at our corporate headquarters in Seattle, Washington. We continue to regularly evaluate the market for office space. If the market for such space changes further in future periods, we may have to revise our estimates which may result in future adjustments to expense for excess office facilities.  
  Changes to accrued lease exit and related charges (which is included in Accrued and other current liabilities) for   2016   (in thousands) are as follows: 

13 

Note 13 
    Shareholders  Equity 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    
  Changes in components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (in thousands):   

As of   September 30, 2016  , there have been   no   material changes to RealNetworks  uncertain tax positions disclosures as provided in Note 14 of the   2015   10-K.  We do not anticipate that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next twelve months.  
  We file numerous consolidated and separate income tax returns in the U.S. including federal, state and local, as well as foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for tax years before 2013 or state, local, or foreign income tax examinations for years before 1993. We are currently under audit by various states and foreign jurisdictions for certain tax years subsequent to 1993.  

14 

Note 15 
    Earnings (Loss) Per Share 

Basic net income (loss) per share (EPS) is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common and dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. Basic and diluted EPS (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

During the   quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   4.6 million   and   4.8 million   shares of common stock, respectively, of potentially issuable shares from stock awards were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because of their antidilutive effect. 
  During the   quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  ,   5.7 million   and   6.0 million   shares of common stock, respectively, of potentially issuable shares from stock awards were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because of their antidilutive effect. 

Note 16 
    Commitments and Contingencies 

We could in the future become subject to legal proceedings, governmental investigations and claims in the ordinary course of business, including employment claims, contract-related claims, and claims of alleged infringement of third-party patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Such claims, even if not meritorious, could force us to expend significant financial and managerial resources. In addition, given the broad distribution of some of our consumer products, any individual claim related to those products could give rise to liabilities that may be material to us. In the event of a determination adverse to us, we may incur substantial monetary liability, and/or be required to change our business practices. Either of these could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements.   

In the ordinary course of business, RealNetworks is subject to potential obligations for standard warranty and indemnification provisions that are contained within many of our customer license and service agreements.  Our warranty provisions are consistent with those prevalent in our industry, and we do not have a history of incurring losses on warranties; therefore, we do not maintain accruals for warranty-related obligations.  With regard to indemnification provisions, nearly all of our carrier contracts obligate us to indemnify our carrier customers for certain liabilities that may be incurred by them.  We have received in the past, and may receive in the future, claims for indemnification from some of our carrier customers.   
  In relation to certain patents and other technology assets we sold to Intel in the second quarter of 2012, we have specific obligations to indemnify Intel for breaches of the representations and warranties that we made and covenants that we agreed to in the asset purchase agreement for certain potential future intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against Intel. The amount of any potential liabilities related to our indemnification obligations to Intel will not be determined  
  
   15 

until a claim has been made, but we are obligated to indemnify Intel up to the amount of the gross purchase price that we received in the sale.     

Note 18 
    Segment Information 

In the first quarter of 2016, we reorganized the management of our businesses and as a result, we now report   three   segments: (1) Consumer Media, which includes our PC-based RealPlayer products, including RealPlayer Plus and related products and intellectual property licensing; (2) Mobile Services, which includes our SaaS services, our LISTEN      product, and our mobile RealTimes      product that is primarily sold through mobile carriers; and (3) Games, which includes all our games-related businesses, including sales of games licenses, online games subscription services, advertising on games sites and social network sites, microtransactions from online and social games, and sales of mobile games. 
  We allocate certain corporate expenses which are directly attributable to supporting our businesses, including but not limited to a portion of finance, legal, human resources and headquarters facilities, to our reportable segments. Remaining expenses, which are not directly attributable to supporting the business, are reported as corporate items.  Also reported in our corporate segment are restructuring charges, lease exit and related charges, as well as stock compensation charges. Concurrent with the first quarter of 2016 segment change described above, we also changed our corporate expense allocation methodology to increase accountability, resulting in an increase in costs allocated to the Consumer Media and Mobile Services businesses. 
  RealNetworks reports three reportable segments based on factors such as how we manage our operations and how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) reviews results. The CODM reviews financial information presented on both a consolidated basis and on a business segment basis. The accounting policies used to derive segment results are the same as those described in Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the 10-K. 
  The historical financial information presented has been recast to reflect the new segments and the new corporate expense presentation.  Segment results for the   quarters and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 
  Consumer Media 

Mobile Services 

16 

Games 

Corporate 

Our customers consist primarily of consumers and corporations located in the U.S., Europe, Republic of Korea and various foreign countries (Rest of the World). Revenue by geographic region (in thousands): 

Long-lived assets (which consist of equipment, software, leasehold improvements, other intangible assets, and goodwill) by geographic region (in thousands) are as follows: 

17 

Note 19 
    Related Party Transactions 

See   Note 5  ,   Rhapsody Joint Venture  , and   Note 6  ,   Fair Value Measurements  , for details on transactions involving Rhapsody.  

18 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements that have been made pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about RealNetworks  industry, products, management s beliefs, and certain assumptions made by management. Words such as  anticipates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks,   estimates,  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this report that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to: 

the expected benefits and other consequences of our growth plans, strategic initiatives, and restructurings; 
                
    our expected introduction, distribution and monetization, of new and enhanced products, services and technologies across our businesses; 
                
    future revenues, operating expenses, income and other taxes, tax benefits, net income (loss) per diluted share available to common shareholders, acquisition costs and related amortization, and other measures of results of operations; 
                
    the effects of our past acquisitions and expectations for future acquisitions and divestitures; 
                
    plans, strategies and expected opportunities for future growth, increased profitability and innovation; 
                
    the expected financial position, performance, growth and profitability of, and investment in, our businesses and the availability of resources; 
                
    the effects of legislation, regulations, administrative proceedings, court rulings, settlement negotiations and other factors that may impact our businesses; 
                
    the continuation and expected nature of certain customer relationships; 
                
    impacts of competition and certain customer relationships on the future financial performance and growth of our businesses; 
                
    our involvement in potential claims, legal proceedings and government investigations, and the potential outcomes and effects of such potential claims, legal proceedings and governmental investigations on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations; 
                
    the effects of U.S. and foreign income and other taxes on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations; and 
                
    the effect of economic and market conditions on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
     These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual actions or results may differ materially. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those noted in the documents incorporated herein by reference. Particular attention should also be paid to the cautionary language in Item 1A of Part II entitled  Risk Factors.  RealNetworks undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law. Readers should, however, carefully review the risk factors included in other reports or documents filed by RealNetworks from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and any Current Reports on Form 8-K. 
   
  Overview 
  RealNetworks creates innovative applications and services that make it easy to connect with and enjoy digital media.  Following a reorganization that took effect in the first quarter of 2016, we manage our business and report revenue and operating income (loss) in three segments: (1) Consumer Media, (2) Mobile Services, and (3) Games. See   Note 18     Segment Information  , to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Form 10-Q. 
  Within our Consumer Media segment, revenue is derived from the sales of our PC-based RealPlayer      products, including RealPlayer Plus and related products, and from the licensing of our intellectual property, primarily our codec technology, including our recently introduced RealMedia High Definition, or RMHD, technology.  Distribution of these products and services are delivered directly to consumers and through partners, such as OEMs and mobile device manufacturers.  
  Our Mobile Services business generates revenue primarily from the sale of our SaaS services, which include ringback tones, music on demand, intercarrier messaging and our LISTEN platform, which we recently launched with a new carrier partner in Brazil.  This business also includes revenue related to mobile RealTimes     , our recently introduced photo and video sharing application that is primarily sold through mobile carriers and related partners.    
  Our Games business, through the GameHouse and Zylom brands, derives revenue from sales of games licenses, online games subscription services, sales of mobile games and advertising on games sites and social networks.   
  
   19 

We allocate certain corporate expenses which are directly attributable to supporting our businesses, including but not limited to a portion of finance, legal, human resources and headquarters facilities, to our reportable segments. Remaining expenses, which are not directly attributable to supporting the business, are reported as corporate items.  These corporate items include restructuring charges, lease exit and related charges, as well as stock compensation expense. Concurrent with the first quarter 2016 segment change described above, we also changed our expense allocation methodology to increase accountability, resulting in an increase in corporate costs allocated to the Consumer Media and Mobile Services businesses.  The historical financial information presented below has been recast to reflect the new corporate expense allocation. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $80.7 million   in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, compared to   $99.1 million   as of   December 31, 2015  .  The   2016   decrease of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments was due primarily to cash used in operating activities during the nine months of   $22.3 million  .   
    
  Condensed consolidated results of operations were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

In the   third   quarter of   2016  , our total consolidated revenue was flat as compared with the year-earlier period. Stable revenue resulted from an increase of   $1.2 million   in Mobile Services due to increased, low-margin music on demand revenue in Korea, offset in part by a decrease of    $1.0 million   in Games, due primarily to the sale of the Slingo and social casino games business in the third quarter of 2015. Although revenue was flat compared with the prior-year period, gross margin increased from   41%   to   46%   during the   quarter ended September 30, 2016   driven mainly from an increase in gross margins due to efficiencies in our Consumer Media segment. 
  Cost of revenues decreased by   $1.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , due primarily from savings of $1.1 million from lower bandwidth costs in our Consumer Media business, as well as savings of $0.4 million realized following the sale of the Slingo and the social casino games business.  
  Operating expenses decreased by   $12.0 million   in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the prior year due, in part, to savings of  $1.9 million realized from the sale of the Slingo and the social casino games business. Other factors contributing to the decrease in operating expenses were significant reductions in salaries and related personnel costs, professional service fees, marketing expenses and restructuring costs totaling $10.1 million, as described more fully below. 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our total consolidated revenue declined by   $6.4 million  , compared with the year-earlier period. Revenue decreased by   $3.2 million   in our Consumer Media business due to lower intellectual property licensing and subscriptions revenue. Additionally, Games revenue decreased by   $5.1 million  , primarily due to the $4.9 million decrease from the sale of the Slingo and social casino games business in the third quarter of 2015. The revenue from our continuing games business did not significantly fluctuate from the prior year. Revenues increased in our Mobile Services segment by   $1.9 million  , mainly due to increases in our low-margin music on demand businesses in Korea and the signing of new distribution agreements for our RealTimes mobile services which were partially offset by decreases in our ringback tones products. Overall gross margin increased to   47%   from   43%   for the year-earlier period driven by increased margin in our Consumer Media and Mobile Services segments as described in Segment Operating Results below.  
  Cost of revenues decreased by   $6.9 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , due to lower bandwidth costs and lower licensing royalties in Consumer Media of $4.7 million, as well as savings of $2.0 million realized following the sale of the Slingo and the social casino games business.  
  Operating expenses decreased by   $30.4 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the prior year due to our cost reduction efforts and to savings of $11.1 million realized from the sale of the Slingo and social casino games business.  Other factors contributing to this decrease were reductions in personnel and related costs of $6.2 million, marketing expenses of $6.4 million and professional services costs of $2.1 million. These reductions were offset in part by the benefit recognized in the first quarter of 2015 relating to warrants received from Rhapsody, and higher stock compensation  
  
   20 

expense in 2016 resulting from the first quarter 2016 authorization and grant of fully vested equity awards as payment for 2015 incentive bonuses. 
   
  Segment Operating Results 
  Consumer Media  
   Consumer Media segment results of operations were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Total Consumer Media revenue for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was flat as compared to the same quarter of fiscal 2015. Total Consumer Media revenue for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   declined   $3.2 million   when compared with the year-earlier period.  Intellectual property licensing revenue declined by $2.2 million for the nine month period due primarily to the timing of contracts and contract renewals, of which $1.7 million occurred  in the first quarter.  Continuing declines in our subscription products of $1.1 million also contributed to the decline in Consumer Media revenue.  
  Cost of revenue decreased by   $1.6 million   during the   quarter ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the year-earlier period resulting in an increase in gross margin of 25 percentage points. The decrease in cost of revenue was primarily due to lower bandwidth costs of $1.1 million directly resulting from our ongoing efforts to optimize functionality and increase efficiencies.  
  Cost of revenue decreased by   $4.7 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the year-earlier period resulting in an increase in gross margin of 18 percentage points.  The decrease in cost of revenue was driven mainly by lower bandwidth costs of $2.8 million, as well as lower licensing royalties and support service costs.  
  Operating expenses decreased by   $2.2 million   in the   quarter ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the year-earlier period.  The decrease was primarily due to reductions in salaries and related personnel costs of $0.9 million, marketing costs of $0.8 million, and professional services costs of $0.3 million.  
  Operating expenses decreased by   $5.9 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the year-earlier period.  The decrease was primarily due to reductions in salaries and related personnel costs of $3.8 million, marketing costs of $1.8 million, and professional services costs of $1.1 million.  These declines were offset, in part, by an acceleration of depreciation expense in the first quarter related to the obsolescence of e-commerce assets as we moved the platform to a third party cloud service.  
    
  Mobile Services 
  Mobile Services segment results of operations were as follows (dollars in thousands):    

21 

Total Mobile Services revenue increased by   $1.2 million   in the   quarter ended September 30, 2016   compared with the prior-year period.  This increase was driven by  increases of $1.2 million in our low-margin music on demand business in Korea, as well as an increase of $0.4 million from sales of system integration services. These increases were offset in part by a decline of $0.7 million from our ringback tones services.  
  Total Mobile Services revenue increased by   $1.9 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the prior-year period.  This increase was driven by increases of $3.7 million in our low-margin music on demand business in Korea, as well as an increase of $1.5 million from system implementations for our carrier partners.  These increases were offset in part by decreases in revenue from our ringback tones business of $2.1 million and $0.7 million from our Helix product, which we no longer sell.   
  Cost of revenue increased by   $0.5 million   in the   quarter ended September 30, 2016   compared with the prior-year period. Higher costs of $1.1 million due to higher sales from our music on demand business were offset by savings from our other SaaS service offerings. 
  Cost of revenue decreased by   $0.5 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the prior-year period, primarily from savings related to our SaaS service offerings, such as professional services, ringback tones and from our RealTimes mobile services.  These declines were offset in part by an increase in music on demand service costs directly related to the higher revenue during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
           Operating expenses decreased by   $3.0 million   and   $8.5 million   for the   quarter and nine months ended      September 30, 2016    compared with the year-earlier periods.  These decreases were primarily due to reductions in salaries and related personnel costs of $1.5 million and $4.3 million, as well as lower marketing expense of $1.3 million and $3.8 million for the   quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively.   
  Games 
  Games segment results of operations were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Total Games revenue decreased by   $1.0 million   in the   quarter ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the year-earlier period primarily due to the sale of our Slingo and social casino games business in the third quarter of 2015.  Revenue from this business was $1.0 million in the third quarter of 2015. The revenue from our continuing casual games business was flat as compared to the prior-year period, as a $0.5 million increase to our mobile games revenue was offset by a decrease in our other games revenue. 
  Total Games revenue decreased by   $5.1 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the prior-year period primarily due to the sale of our Slingo and social casino games business in the third quarter of 2015.  Revenue from this business was $4.9 million in the first nine months of 2015.  The revenue from our casual games business did not significantly fluctuate. Our mobile games revenue increased by $2.0 million which was offset by a decrease in our other games revenue. 
  Cost of revenue decreased by   $0.3 million   and   $1.7 million   in the   quarter and nine months ended      September 30, 2016   compared with the prior-year periods. Decreases of $0.4 million and $2.0 million were primarily due to savings realized following the sale of the Slingo and social casino games business offset, in part, by an increase in app store fees related to our mobile revenue growth in the casual games business.  
  Operating expenses declined by   $1.8 million   and   $9.2 million   in the   quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the prior-year period.  The decreases in expense were due to savings of $1.9 million and $11.1 million in the quarter and nine month periods from the 2015 sale of our Slingo and social casino games business.  These decreases were  
  
   22 

partially offset by increases in research and development salaries and related personnel costs from our continuing casual games business. 
  Corporate 
    
  Corporate segment results of operations were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Operating expenses decreased by   $5.0 million   in the   quarter ended September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period. The decrease was primarily due to $3.5 million lower restructuring charges in 2016 compared to 2015 and reductions in salary, benefit and professional service expenses of $0.6 million as well as lower expenses for facilities and support services as a result of our reduction of office space at our corporate headquarters and ongoing cost reduction efforts. 
  Operating expenses decreased by   $6.8 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period. The decrease from the prior-year period was due to a decrease of $4.3 million relating to restructuring charges, as well as a reduction of $1.6 million in salary, benefit and professional service expenses and lower expenses for facilities and support services as a result of our reduction of office space at our corporate headquarters and ongoing cost reduction efforts.  These decreases were offset in part by the benefit of $1.2 million relating to the warrants received from Rhapsody in the first quarter of 2015 and an increase in stock compensation expense of $0.8 million in 2016 due in part to the authorization and granting of fully vested equity awards for our 2015 incentive bonuses in the first quarter of 2016.  

Consolidated Operating Expenses 
  Our operating expenses consist primarily of salaries and related personnel costs including stock based compensation, consulting fees associated with product development, sales commissions, amortization of certain intangible assets capitalized in our acquisitions, professional service fees, advertising costs, restructuring charges and lease exit costs. Operating expenses were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Research and development expenses decreased by   $3.8 million   in the   quarter ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the year-earlier period. The decrease was primarily due to $1.5 million from an overall reduction in salaries and benefits costs and professional service fees, a $0.8 million reduction from the sale of our Slingo and social casino games business, and lower expenses for facilities and support services as a result of our reduction of office space at our corporate headquarters and ongoing cost reduction efforts.  
  Research and development expenses decreased by   $11.5 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period. The decrease was primarily due to a $5.0 million reduction from the sale of our Slingo and social casino games business and $4.3 million from a reduction in salaries and benefits costs and professional service fees.  
  
   23 

Sales and marketing expenses decreased by   $4.8 million   in the   quarter ended September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period. The decrease was due to a $2.5 million reduction in marketing expense, a $0.9 million reduction from the sale of our Slingo and social casino games business, as well as an overall decrease of $0.7 million in salaries, benefits, and professional service fees. 
  Sales and marketing expenses decreased by   $14.7 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period. The decrease was primarily due to a $4.9 million reduction from the sale of our Slingo and social casino games business, $2.3 million of decreases in salaries and benefits costs and professional service fees and a decrease in marketing expenses of $6.2 million. These decreases were offset in part by an increase in stock compensation expenses for the fully vested equity awards authorized and granted for our 2015 incentive bonuses in the first quarter of 2016. 
  General and administrative expenses were flat for the   quarter ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the year-earlier period, primarily due to the sale of our Slingo and social casino games business in 2015 and an overall decrease in salaries, benefits and professional  fees, offset by accelerated depreciation expense in the quarter, due in part to a reduction in space at our corporate headquarters. 
  General and administrative expenses were also flat for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period. In the current year, we recognized savings from the sale of our Slingo and social casino games business, as well as savings due to decreased salaries, benefits and professional services fees. These decreased costs were offset by the benefit recognized in 2015 relating to warrants received from Rhapsody and accelerated depreciation expense in 2016 due in part to a reduction in space at our corporate headquarters.  
  Restructuring and other charges and Lease exit and related charges consist of costs associated with the ongoing reorganization of our business operations and expense re-alignment efforts. Restructuring expense primarily relates to severance costs due to workforce reductions. For additional details on these charges see   Note 11  ,   Restructuring Charges   and   Note 12  ,   Lease Exit and Related Charges  , to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this 10-Q. 
   
  Other Income (Expenses) 
  Other income (expenses), net was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Gain (loss) on investments, net, increased $6.6 million and $6.2 million for the three- and nine-months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  The increases were due to the collection and recognition of the first anniversary payment of $4.0 million from our 2015 sale of Slingo and social casino business and to the receipt of proceeds of $2.0 million, net of transaction costs, from the sale of a domain name, both in the third quarter of 2016.    
  We account for our investment in Rhapsody under the equity method of accounting, as described in   Note 5  ,   Rhapsody Joint Venture  , to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Form 10-Q. The net carrying value of our investment in Rhapsody is not necessarily indicative of the underlying fair value of our investment. 
    
  Other income (expense), net, for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   reflected an expense of   $0.2 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively, compared with income reflected in the same periods of 2015.  The expense in the current year periods was due primarily to the release in the current period of a $0.3 million cumulative foreign exchange translation loss out of other comprehensive income related to the liquidation of an investment in one of our foreign entities. In the the third quarter of 2015, we recognized a net gain of $0.2 million due to liquidation of investments in foreign entities.  
   
  Income Taxes 
  
   24 

During the   quarters ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recognized an income tax expense of   $0.3 million   and an income tax benefit of   $1.7 million  , respectively, related to U.S. and foreign income taxes. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, we recognized income tax expense of $0.9 million, and an income tax benefit of $1.1 million, respectively, related to U.S. and foreign income taxes. The change in income tax expense during the quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was largely the result of an income tax benefit related to the sale of the Slingo and social casino games business recognized in the quarter ending September 30, 2015 and changes in our jurisdictional income. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there have been no material changes to RealNetworks  uncertain tax positions disclosures as provided in Note 14 of the   2015   10-K. We do not anticipate that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next twelve months.  
  The majority of our tax expense is due to income in our foreign jurisdictions and we have not benefitted from losses in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions in the   third   quarter of   2016  . We generate income in a number of foreign jurisdictions, some of which have higher or lower tax rates relative to the U.S. federal statutory rate. Our tax expense could fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis to the extent income is less than anticipated in countries with lower statutory tax rates and more than anticipated in countries with higher statutory tax rates. For the   quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , decreases in tax expense from income generated in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates in comparison to the U.S. federal statutory rate was offset by increases in tax expense from income generated in foreign jurisdictions having comparable, or higher tax rates in comparison to the U.S. federal statutory rate. The effect of differences in foreign tax rates on the Company's tax expense for the   third   quarter of   2016   is minimal. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have not provided for U.S. federal and state income taxes on certain undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, since such earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. or may be remitted tax-free to the U.S. If these amounts were distributed to the U.S., in the future in the form of dividends or otherwise, we could be subject to additional U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes. It is not practicable to determine the foreign withholding and U.S. income tax liability or benefit on such earnings due to the timing of such future distributions, the availability of foreign tax credits, and the complexity of the computation if such earnings were not deemed to be permanently reinvested. If future events, including material changes in estimates of cash, working capital, and long-term investment requirements necessitate that these earnings be distributed, an additional provision for U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes may be necessary. 
  We file numerous consolidated and separate income tax returns in the U.S., including federal, state and local returns, as well as in foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to United States federal income tax examinations for tax years prior to 2013 or state, local or foreign income tax examinations for years prior to 1993. We are currently under audit by various states and foreign jurisdictions for certain tax years subsequent to 1993.  
   
  Geographic Revenue 
  Revenue by geographic region was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Revenue in the United States declined by   $0.8 million   in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period. The decline was primarily due to the sale of our Slingo and social casino business in the third quarter of 2015.  
  Revenue in the United States declined by   $4.7 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period. The decline was primarily due to the sale of our Slingo and social casino business in the third quarter of 2015. In addition, we had a decrease of $1.5 million from our Consumer Media business offset by increases in both our Mobile Services and continuing Games businesses.    
  Revenue in Europe declined by   $0.4 million   and   $1.6 million   in the quarter and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared with the year-earlier periods. The decreases were due to similar declines in both our Games revenue and  and our Mobile Services revenue in each of the periods. 
  
   25 

Revenue in Korea increased by   $1.0 million   in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period.  Of this increase, $1.1 million was generated from our Mobile Services business from our low-margin music on demand services. 
  Revenue in Korea increased by   $2.0 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period.  The increase, which was in our Mobile Services business, was due primarily to a $3.8 million increase in low-margin music on demand revenue offset in part by a $1.2 million decrease from our Consumer Media business. 
  Revenue in the rest of world increased by   $0.4 million   in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period.  The increase was due to higher revenue in our Consumer Media business. 
  Revenue in the rest of world decreased by   $2.0 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the year-earlier period.  The decrease was primarily due to lower Mobile Services revenue of $1.4 million and lower revenue in our Consumer Media business of $0.3 million. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  See   Note 2  ,   Recent Accounting Pronouncements  , to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this 10-Q. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  The following summarizes working capital, cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash (in thousands): 

The   2016   decrease of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments from December 31,   2015   was due primarily to our ongoing negative cash flows used in operating activities, which totaled   $22.3 million   in the first   nine   months of 2016. 
    
  The following summarizes cash flow activity (in thousands): 

Cash used in operating activities consisted of net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization, and the effect of changes in certain operating assets and liabilities. 
  Cash used in operating activities was   $33.7 million   less in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  .  Cash used in operations was less due primarily to a lower operating loss in 2016 than the same period in the prior year, driven mainly by our ongoing cost reduction efforts, as previously discussed.   
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , cash provided by investing activities of   $13.5 million   was due to sales and maturities, net of purchases, of short-term investments, which totaled   $9.3 million  , the receipt of proceeds of $4.0 million from the first anniversary payment relating to the 2015 sale of the Slingo and social casino games business, and the receipt of $2.1 million relating to the sale of a domain name, both of which occurred in the third quarter of 2016.  These increases were partially offset by purchases of equipment, software and leasehold improvements of   $2.0 million  .  
  
   26 

For the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , cash provided by investing activities of $17.2 million was primarily due to sales and maturities, net of purchases, of short-term investments of $8.0 million and the $10 million cash received from the 2015 sale of the Slingo and social casino games business,  partially offset by purchases of equipment, software and leasehold improvements of $1.1 million. 
  Cash used in financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $0.7 million  .  This cash outflow was due mainly to tax payments on shares withheld upon vesting of restricted stock. 
  Financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   provided cash totaling $0.2 million primarily from the issuance of common stock during the period. 
  While we currently have no planned significant capital expenditures for the remainder of   2016   other than those in the ordinary course of business, we do have contractual commitments for future payments related to office leases.    
  We believe that our current unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. 
  In the future, we may seek to raise additional funds through public or private equity financing, or through other sources such as credit facilities. Such sources of funding may or may not be available to us at commercially reasonable terms. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our shareholders. In addition, in the future, we may enter into cash or stock acquisition transactions or other strategic transactions that could reduce cash available to fund our operations or result in dilution to shareholders. 
   Our cash equivalents and short-term investments consist of investment grade securities, as specified in our investment policy guidelines. The policy limits the amount of credit exposure to any one non-U.S. Government or non-U.S. Agency issue or issuer to a maximum of 5% of the total portfolio. These securities are subject to interest rate risk and will decrease in value if interest rates increase. Because we have historically had the ability to hold our fixed income investments until maturity, we do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be significantly affected by a sudden change in market interest rates in our securities portfolio. 
  We conduct our operations primarily in five functional currencies: the U.S. dollar, the Korean won, the Japanese yen, the British pound and the euro. We currently do not hedge the majority of our foreign currency exposures and are therefore subject to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. We are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as the financial results of foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars in consolidation. Our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations also arises from intercompany payables and receivables to and from our foreign subsidiaries. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $16.4 million   of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds are needed for our operations in the U.S., we may be required to accrue and pay U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes to repatriate these funds. However, our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the U.S. and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our U.S. operations. Additionally, the Company currently has significant net operating losses and other tax attributes that could be used to offset potential U.S. income tax that could result if these amounts were distributed to the U.S. We utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. We do not expect restrictions or potential taxes on repatriation of amounts held outside of the U.S to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We have operating lease obligations for office facility leases with future cash commitments that are not required to be recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. Accordingly, these operating lease obligations constitute off-balance sheet arrangements. In addition, since we do not maintain accruals associated with certain guarantees, as discussed in   Note 17  ,   Guarantees  , to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this 10-Q, those guarantee obligations also constitute off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the  
  
   27 

reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. Our critical accounting policies and estimates are as follows: 
             
    Revenue recognition; 
                
    Estimating music publishing rights and music royalty accruals; 
                
    Estimating recoverability of deferred costs; 
                
    Estimating allowances for doubtful accounts and sales returns; 
                
    Estimating losses on excess office facilities; 
                
    Valuation of equity method investments; 
                
    Valuation of definite-lived assets; 
                
    Valuation of goodwill; 
                
    Stock-based compensation; and 
                
    Accounting for income taxes. 
     Revenue Recognition.   We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collection is probable. Physical products are considered delivered to the customer once they have been shipped and title and risk of loss have been transferred. For online sales, the products or services are considered delivered at the time the product or services are made available, digitally, to the end user. 
  We recognize revenue on a gross or net basis.  In most arrangements, we contract directly with end user customers, and are the primary obligor.  In such arrangements, we recognize revenue on a gross basis. In some cases, we utilize third-party distributors who are the primary obligor to sell products or services directly to end user customers.  In such instances, we recognize revenue on a net basis. 
  In our direct to consumer operations, we derive revenue primarily through (1) subscriptions sold by our Games segment and subscriptions of SuperPass within our Consumer Media segment, (2) sales of content downloads, software and licenses offered by our Consumer Media, Mobile Services, and Games segments and (3) the sale of advertising and the distribution of third-party products on our websites and in our games. 
  Consumer subscription products are paid in advance, typically for monthly, quarterly or annual duration. Subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the related subscription time period. Revenue from sales of content downloads, software and licenses is recognized at the time the product is made available, digitally, to the end user. Revenue generated from advertising on our websites and from advertising and the distribution of third-party products included in our products is recognized as revenue at the time of delivery. 
  We also generate revenue through business-to-business channels by providing services within our Mobile Services segment enabling mobile carriers to deliver audio and video content to their customers and by selling software licenses and products and related support and other services. Revenue generated from services provided to mobile carriers that enable the delivery of audio and video content to their customers is recognized as the services are provided. Setup fees to build these services are recognized ratably upon launch of the service over the remaining expected term of the service. 
  Non-software revenue arrangements containing multiple elements are divided into separate units of accounting, after being evaluated for specific criteria. If the criteria for separation are met, revenue is allocated to the individual units using the relative price method. If the criteria are not met, the elements are treated as one unit of accounting and revenue recognition is delayed until all elements have been delivered. In the case of revenue arrangements containing software, elements are divided into separate units of accounting only when vendor-specific objective evidence has been established. In cases where vendor-specific objective evidence has not been established, undelivered elements are combined into one unit of accounting and are not recognized in revenue until all elements have been delivered. 
  Estimating Music Publishing Rights and Music Royalty Accruals.   We have made estimates of amounts that may be owed related to music royalties for our historical domestic and international music services. Material differences may impact the amount and timing of our expense for any period if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates. Under copyright law, we may be required to pay licensing fees for digital sound recordings and compositions we have delivered. Copyright law generally does not specify the rate and terms of the licenses, which are determined by voluntary negotiations among the parties or, for certain compulsory licenses where voluntary negotiations are unsuccessful, by arbitration. Our estimates are based on contracted or statutory rates, when established, or management s best estimates based on facts and circumstances regarding the specific music services and agreements in similar geographies or with similar agencies. While we have based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
  Estimating Recoverability of Deferred Costs.   We defer costs on projects for service revenue and system sales. Deferred costs consist primarily of direct and incremental costs to customize and install systems, as defined in individual customer contracts, including costs to acquire hardware and software from third parties and payroll costs for our employees and other  
  
   28 

third parties. We recognize such costs as a component of cost of revenue, the timing of which is dependent upon the revenue recognition policy by contract. For revenue recognized under the completed contract method, costs are deferred until the products are delivered, or upon completion of services or, where applicable, customer acceptance. For revenue recognized under the percentage of completion method, costs are recognized as products are delivered or services are provided in accordance with the percentage of completion calculation. For revenue recognized ratably over the term of the contract, costs are recognized ratably over the term of the contract, commencing on the date of revenue recognition. At each balance sheet date, we review deferred costs to ensure they are ultimately recoverable. Any anticipated losses on uncompleted contracts are recognized when evidence indicates the estimated total cost of a contract exceeds its estimated total revenue. 
  Assessing the recoverability of deferred project costs is based on significant assumptions and estimates, including future revenue and cost of sales. Significant or sustained decreases in revenue or increases in cost of sales in future periods could result in impairments of deferred project costs. We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any such impairments. Should the value of deferred project costs become impaired, we would record the appropriate charge, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
  Estimating Allowances for Doubtful Accounts and Sales Returns.   We make estimates of the uncollectible portion of our accounts receivable. We specifically analyze the age of accounts receivable and historical bad debts, customer credit-worthiness and current economic trends when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. Similarly, we make estimates of potential future product returns related to current period revenue. We analyze historical returns, current economic trends, and changes in customer demand and acceptance of our products when evaluating the adequacy of the sales returns allowance. Significant judgments and estimates are made and used in connection with establishing allowances for doubtful accounts and sales returns. Material differences may result in the amount and timing of our revenue for any period if we were to make different judgments or utilize different estimates or actual future experience was different from the judgments and estimates. 
  Estimating losses on excess office facilities.   We make significant estimates in determining the appropriate amount of accrued loss on excess office facilities, including estimates of sublease income expected to be received.  If we make different estimates, our loss on excess office facilities could be significantly different from that recorded, which could have a material impact on our operating results. 
  Valuation of Equity Method Investments.   We use the equity method of accounting for investments in circumstances where we have the ability to exert significant influence, but not control, over an investee or joint venture. We record our percentage interest in the investee's recorded income or loss and changes in the investee's capital under this method, which will increase or decrease the reported value of our investment. See   Note 5  ,   Rhapsody Joint Venture  , to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this 10-Q, for additional information. We initially record our investment based on a fair value analysis of the investment.  
  We evaluate impairment of an investment valued under the equity method if events and circumstances warrant. An impairment charge would be recorded if a decline in value of an equity investment below its carrying amount were determined to be other than temporary. In determining if a decline is other than temporary, we consider factors such as the length of time and extent to which the fair value of the investment has been less than the carrying amount of the investee or joint venture, the near-term and longer-term operating and financial prospects of the investee or joint venture and our intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery. 
  Valuation of Definite-Lived Assets.   Definite-lived assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, as well as amortizable intangible assets acquired in business combinations. Definite-lived assets are amortized on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives. We review definite-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparison of their carrying amount to future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If definite-lived assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds their fair market value.  
  The impairment analysis of definite-lived assets is based upon estimates and assumptions relating to our future revenue, cash flows, operating expenses, costs of capital and capital purchases. These estimates and assumptions are complex and subject to a significant degree of judgment with respect to certain factors including, but not limited to, the cash flows of our long-term operating plans, market and interest rate risk, and risk-commensurate discount rates and cost of capital. Significant or sustained declines in future revenue or cash flows, or adverse changes in our business climate, among other factors, and their resulting impact on the estimates and assumptions relating to the value of our definite-lived assets could result in the need to perform an impairment analysis in future periods which could result in a significant impairment. While we believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, due to their complexity and subjectivity, these estimates and assumptions could vary from period to period. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the estimate of future undiscounted  
  
   29 

cash flows and related fair market values of these assets and result in significant impairments, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. For further discussion, please see the risk factor entitled, "Any impairment to our goodwill, and definite-lived assets could result in a significant charge to our earnings" under Item 1A Risk Factors. 
  Valuation of Goodwill.      We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, in our fourth quarter, or more frequently if circumstances indicate reporting unit carrying values may exceed their fair values. Circumstances that may indicate a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value include, but are not limited to: poor economic performance relative to historical or projected future operating results; significant negative industry, economic or company specific trends; changes in the manner of our use of the assets or the plans for our business; and loss of key personnel.  
  When evaluating goodwill for impairment, based upon our annual test or due to changes in circumstances described above, we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine if the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not less than the reporting unit's carrying amount including goodwill. If this assessment indicates it is more likely than not, we then compare the carrying value of the reporting unit to the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value, we then calculate the implied estimated fair value of goodwill for the reporting unit and compare it to the carrying amount of goodwill for the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied estimated fair value, an impairment charge to current operations is recorded to reduce the carrying value to implied estimated value.  
  Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the reporting units and assessing the fair value of the reporting units.  These estimates and assumptions are complex and subject to a significant degree of judgment with respect to certain factors including, but not limited to, the cash flows of long-term operating plans, market and interest rate risk, and risk-commensurate discount rates and cost of capital. 
  Stock-Based Compensation.   Stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award s fair value  and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period. For stock options, the fair value is calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model or other appropriate valuation models such as Monte Carlo simulation. The valuation models require various highly judgmental assumptions including volatility in our common stock price and expected option life. If any of the assumptions used in the valuation models change significantly, stock-based compensation expense for new awards may differ materially in the future from the amounts recorded in our consolidated statement of operations. For all awards, we are required to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise those estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. We use historical data to estimate pre-vesting forfeitures. 
  Accounting for Income Taxes.   We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. In addition, deferred income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are expected to be recovered or settled. We must make assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine the current and deferred provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance to be recorded against deferred tax assets. Our judgments, assumptions, and estimates relative to the current provision for income tax take into account current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax laws and possible outcomes of future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities. Changes in tax law or our interpretation of tax laws and future tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. 
  Each reporting period we must periodically assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future sources of taxable income, and to the extent that recovery is not more likely than not, a valuation allowance must be established. The establishment of a valuation allowance and increases to such an allowance result in either increases to income tax expense or reduction of income tax benefit in the statement of operations and comprehensive income. In certain instances, changes in the valuation allowance may be allocated directly to the related components of shareholders' equity on the consolidated balance sheet. Factors we consider in making such an assessment include, but are not limited to, past performance and our expectation of future taxable income, macroeconomic conditions and issues facing our industry, existing contracts, our ability to project future results and any appreciation of our investments and other assets. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $16.4 million   of the   $80.7 million   of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have not provided for U.S. federal and state income taxes on certain undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, since such earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. or may be remitted tax-free to the U.S.  If these amounts were distributed to the U.S., in the form of dividends or otherwise, RealNetworks could be  
  
   30 

subject to additional U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes. It is not practicable to determine the foreign withholding and U.S. federal income tax liability or benefit on such earnings due to the timing of such future distributions, the availability of foreign tax credits, and the complexity of the computation if such earnings were not deemed to be permanently reinvested. If future events, including material changes in estimates of cash, working capital, and long-term investment requirements necessitate that these earnings be distributed, an additional provision for U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes may be necessary. 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     The following discussion about our market risk involves forward-looking statements. All statements that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. 
  Interest Rate Risk.   Our exposure to interest rate risk from changes in market interest rates relates primarily to our short-term investment portfolio.  Our short-term investments consist of investment grade debt securities as specified in our investment policy. Investments in both fixed and floating rate instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. The fair value of fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Additionally, a declining rate environment creates reinvestment risk because as securities mature the proceeds are reinvested at a lower rate, generating less interest income. See   Note 6  ,   Fair Value Measurements  , to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Form 10-Q, for additional information. Due in part to these factors, our future interest income may be adversely impacted due to changes in interest rates. In addition, we may incur losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates. Because we have historically had the ability to hold our short-term investments until maturity, we would not expect our operating results or cash flows to be significantly impacted by a sudden change in market interest rates. There have been no material changes in our investment methodology regarding our cash equivalents and short-term investments during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . Based on our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash equivalents as of   September 30, 2016  , a hypothetical 10% increase/decrease in interest rates would not increase/decrease our annual interest income or cash flows by more than a nominal amount. 
  Investment Risk.   As of   September 30, 2016  , we had investments in voting capital stock of both publicly traded and privately held technology companies for business and strategic purposes. See   Note 1  ,   Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   -   Valuation of Equity Method Investments,   and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   (  Valuation of equity method investments  ) in our Form 10-K for details on our accounting treatment for these investments, including the analysis of other-than-temporary impairments.  
  Foreign Currency Risk.   We conduct business internationally in several currencies and thus are exposed to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. 
  Our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations arise in part from: (1) translation of the financial results of foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in consolidation; (2) the remeasurement of non-functional currency assets, liabilities and intercompany balances into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes; and (3) non-U.S. dollar denominated sales to foreign customers.  We manage a portion of these risks through the use of financial derivatives, but fluctuations could impact our results of operations and financial position. 
  Where appropriate, we manage foreign currency risk for certain material short-term intercompany balances through the use of foreign currency forward contracts. These contracts require us to exchange currencies at rates agreed upon at the contract s inception. Because the impact of movements in currency exchange rates on forward contracts offsets the related impact on the short-term intercompany balances, these financial instruments help alleviate the risk that might otherwise result from certain changes in currency exchange rates. We do not designate our foreign exchange forward contracts related to short-term intercompany accounts as hedges and, accordingly, we adjust these instruments to fair value through results of operations. However, we may periodically hedge a portion of our foreign exchange exposures associated with material firmly committed transactions, long-term investments, highly predictable anticipated exposures and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. To the extent we continue to experience adverse economic conditions, our unhedged exposures are impacted by movements in currency exchange rates and we may record losses related to such unhedged exposures in future periods that may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
  Our foreign currency risk management program reduces, but does not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency exchange rate movements. 
  
   31 

We have cash balances denominated in foreign currencies which are subject to foreign currency fluctuation risk. The majority of our foreign currency denominated cash is held in Korean won and euros. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in the Korean won and euro relative to the U.S. dollar as of   September 30, 2016   would not result in a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
           Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
  Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
  Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  
  (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the   third   quarter of   2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
  
   32 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     See   Note 16  ,   Commitments and Contingencies  , to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors  
     You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this  Form 10-Q. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results, and the trading price of our common stock, could be materially harmed.    
    
  Our business and financial results will be materially adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully implement our growth plans, strategic initiatives, and restructuring efforts. 
  Beginning in mid-2012, we developed a major new growth plan that continues to evolve. We have also embarked upon strategic initiatives intended to simplify and accelerate our operations, and restructuring efforts intended to streamline costs and bring more focus to our businesses.  The simultaneous execution of all of these measures is ambitious and we have not attempted to pursue this level of transition in our history.  We can provide no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our growth plans, strategic initiatives, and restructuring efforts, either in a timely manner or at all, and our failure to do so would have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. Moreover, the implementation of our growth plans, strategic initiatives and restructuring efforts has required significant cash outlays, and we cannot guarantee that these expenditures will have the desired return or that our cash reserves will be sufficient for a successful transition. 
    
  We need to successfully monetize our products and services in order to sustain and grow our businesses. 
  In order to sustain our current level of operations and to implement our growth plans, we must successfully monetize our products and services. The process of developing and distributing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain, and is subject to a number of risks. Providing products and services that are attractive and useful to subscribers and consumers is in part subject to unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control, including end-user preferences, competing products and services, and a limited number of dominant distribution partners. Any failure by us to timely respond to or accurately anticipate consumers  changing needs, emerging technological trends or important changes in the market or competition for products and services that we introduce, or that we have launched, could increase the current rate of decline in our market share or result in the loss of market opportunities. In addition, we must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property and commit significant resources before knowing whether the products and services that we are developing or have introduced will meet the needs of a large enough group of consumers, which may result in no return or a loss on our investments.  Moreover, if we are unsuccessful in securing profitable distribution channels with new partners, including mobile carriers, strengthening channels with existing partners, and monetizing our products and services, our revenue will continue to decline and our business will suffer. 
  Over the past four years, we have invested heavily in the development of new products and enhanced features for such products, and we expect to continue to invest both in further development and in sales and marketing efforts aimed at monetizing certain of these products and services.  If we are unable to generate sustained interest in these products and services, and therefore drive revenue growth, our financial results and cash position will continue to be materially negatively impacted. 
  Furthermore, new products and services may be subject to legal challenge. Responding to any such claims may require us to enter into royalty and licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, require us to stop distributing or selling, or to redesign our products or services, or to pay damages, any of which could materially harm our operating results and our ability to grow our businesses. 

33 

Our historically core products and services face new and continuing challenges, causing our revenues to materially decline. 
  Our products and services that have historically been core to the company were primarily distributed through desktop computers and feature phones. Consumer behavior and tastes continue to change and the market for such products and services has been moving to smartphones and tablets.  Although we have developed newer products and services for these emerging platforms there is no guarantee that we will be successful.  In addition, as new operating systems are introduced or updated for these platforms, we are likely to continue to face difficulties reaching our traditional customer base and other unknown distribution challenges. 
    
  Our restructuring efforts may not yield the anticipated benefits to our shareholders. 
  Since 2012, we have taken steps to restructure and simplify our business and operations. In September 2012, we announced plans to divisionalize our business, which we implemented during the first quarter of 2013, and to significantly reduce operating expenses, in part through a reduction in our workforce that was substantially concluded by the end of the second quarter of 2013. In August 2014, we announced a further reduction in our workforce and related cost reductions, and during the second and third quarters of 2015, we recorded $2.0 million and $3.1 million, respectively, in severance and restructuring charges relating to additional workforce reductions. We continue to assess opportunities to further streamline our operations and make our businesses more efficient.  There can be no assurance, however, that our past or future restructuring efforts will be successful. Our business and operations may be harmed to the extent there is customer or employee uncertainty surrounding the future direction of our product and service offerings and strategy for our businesses. Our restructuring activities have included implementing cost-cutting initiatives, which may not lead to future profitability and which could materially impact our ability to compete in future periods. If we are unable to effectively re-align the cost structure of our businesses or streamline and simplify our operations, our stock price may continue to be adversely affected, and we and our shareholders will not realize the anticipated financial, operational and other benefits from such initiatives. 
    
  Our businesses face substantial competitive challenges that may prevent us from being successful in those businesses, and may negatively impact future growth in those businesses. 
  Many of our current and potential competitors in our businesses have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, more employees and significantly greater resources than we do. To effectively compete in the markets for our products and services, we may experience the following consequences, any of which would adversely affect our operating results and the trading price of our stock: 
             
    reduced prices or margins, 
                
    loss of current and potential customers, or partners and potential partners who distribute our products and services or who provide content that we distribute to our customers, 
                
    changes to our products, services, technologies, licenses or business practices or strategies, 
                
    lengthened sales cycles, 
                
    industry-wide changes in content distribution to customers or in trends in consumer consumption of digital media products and services, 
                
    pressure to prematurely release products or product enhancements, or 
                
    degradation in our stature or reputation in the market. 
     The market for our Mobile Services business, including our ringback tones and music on demand solutions, is highly competitive and evolving rapidly. Increased use of smartphones has resulted in a proliferation of applications and services that compete with our SaaS services and, in many cases, are not dependent upon our mobile partners to make them available to subscribers. Increased competition has in the past resulted in pricing pressure, forcing us to lower the selling price of our services.  We expect this pricing pressure to continue to materially harm our operating results and financial condition. 
  Our RealTimes product faces strong competition from other technology companies and cloud service providers, including some that are firmly established in the marketplace and have access to extensive resources, as well as video and photo sharing services.  In addition, as we continue to develop this product and expand its reach, we have seen and expect to continue to see growing competition from companies offering innovative features for engaging with users' video content, some of which are offered for free.  To be competitive, our RealTimes product must provide sufficiently engaging and compelling features for users' digital content, enticing consumers directly to the application and creating an appealing value proposition for our distribution partners.  
  Our RealPlayer software services compete with alternative streaming media playback technologies and audio and video formats which have obtained broad market penetration.  Similarly, our codec technology faces strong competition, with  
  
   34 

successful adoption of newer versions uncertain.  If we are unable to compete successfully, our Consumer Media business could continue to decline. 
  The branded services in our Games business compete with other online aggregators and distributors of online, downloadable and social casual PC games. Some of these competitors have high volume distribution channels and greater financial resources than we do. Our Games business also competes with many other smaller companies that may be able to adjust to market conditions, including responding effectively to the growing popularity of casual games on social networks, faster than us. We also face significant price competition in the casual games market, and some of our competitors may be able to offer games for free, or reduce prices more aggressively than us. We expect competition to continue to intensify in this market from these and other competitors. Our games development studios compete primarily with other developers of online, downloadable, mobile and social casual PC games and must continue to develop popular and high-quality game titles. Our Games business must also continue to execute on opportunities to expand the play of our games on a variety of non-PC platforms, including social networks, in order to maintain our competitive position and to grow the business. If we are unable to achieve future growth in our revenue, our Games business will continue to suffer.  
    
  Contracts with mobile customers subject us to significant risks that could negatively impact our revenue or otherwise harm our operating results. 
  We derive a material portion of our revenue from the SaaS offerings we provide to mobile carriers, and we have begun to leverage our carrier relationships for the distribution of our photo and video sharing solution. Many of our contracts with carriers provide for revenue sharing arrangements, but we have limited control over the pricing decisions of our carrier customers. Furthermore, most of these contracts do not provide for guaranteed minimum payments or usage levels. Because most of our carrier customer contracts are nonexclusive, it is possible that our mobile carrier customers could purchase similar services from third parties and cease to use our services in the future. As a result, our revenue derived under these agreements could be substantially reduced depending on the pricing and usage decisions of our carrier customers. In addition, some of our contracts require us to incur significant set-up costs prior to the launch of services with a carrier customer.   We may be required to record impairments or other charges in future periods related to our carrier customer contracts, which would negatively impact our results of operations. 
  In addition, none of our SaaS contracts with carriers obligate our carrier customers to market or distribute any of our SaaS offerings. Despite the lack of marketing commitments, revenue related to our SaaS offerings is, to a large extent, dependent upon the marketing and promotion activities of our carrier customers. In addition, many of our carrier contracts are short term and allow for early termination by the carrier with or without cause. These contracts are therefore subject to renegotiation of pricing or other key terms that could be adverse to our interests and leave us vulnerable to non-renewal by the carriers. The loss of carrier customers, a reduction in marketing or promotion of our SaaS offerings, or the termination, non-renewal or renegotiation of contract terms that are less favorable to us would result in the loss of future revenues from our SaaS offerings. 
  Finally, nearly all of our carrier contracts obligate us to indemnify the carrier customer for certain liabilities and losses incurred by them, including liabilities resulting from third party claims for damages that arise out of the use of our technology. These indemnification terms provide us with certain procedural safeguards, including the right to control the defense of the indemnified party. Pursuant to these indemnifications obligations, we have in the past agreed to control the defense on behalf of certain of our carrier customers related to patent infringement proceedings.  In 2013, we settled two such litigation matters.   Future claims against which we may be obligated to defend our carrier customers could result in payments that could materially harm our business and financial results.  
    
  A majority of the revenue that we generate in our Mobile Services segment is dependent upon our relationships with a few customers, and any deterioration of these relationships could materially harm our revenue. 
  We generate a significant portion of our revenue from sales within our Mobile Services business to a few of our mobile customers and their affiliates. In the near term, we expect that we will continue to generate a significant portion of our total revenue from these customers. If these customers fail to market or distribute our services or terminate or fail to renew their business contracts with us, or if our relationships with these customers deteriorate in any significant way, we may be unable to replace the affected business arrangements with acceptable alternatives. Failure to maintain our relationships with these customers could have a material negative impact on our revenue and financial results. 
    
  We may not be successful in maintaining and growing our distribution of digital media products. 
  Maintaining and growing the distribution of digital media products through our websites and our other distribution channels has historically been important to our business, including growth through the introduction of new products and  
  
   35 

services distributed through these channels. Consumers are not downloading and using our digital media products consistent with past usage, so our ability to generate revenue from those products has been, and we expect will continue to be, reduced, leading to lower than expected adoption of newly introduced products and services. Our inability to maintain continued high volume distribution of our digital media products could also continue to hold back the growth and development of related revenue streams from these market segments, including the distribution of third-party products and sales of our subscription services, and therefore harm our business and our prospects. Our revenue from the distribution of third-party products will also continue to be negatively impacted if those products are not more widely downloaded and used by consumers, including due to the relative market saturation of such products. Most of our revenue from the distribution of third-party products has historically been derived from a single customer, and the terms of this relationship have significantly changed since the third quarter of 2014.  Our distribution revenue has been, and may continue to be, materially negatively impacted by these factors, and we cannot guarantee that future revenue will rebound to historical levels. 
    
  Our operating results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate, which may contribute to continued weakness in our stock price. 
  The trading price for our common stock has a history of volatility. Our recent stock price history shows a downward trend, with a closing price of $4.55 on October 25, 2016, and a range from $3.04 to $5.10 per share during the 52-week period ended   September 30, 2016  . As a result of the rapidly changing markets in which we compete, our operating results may fluctuate or continue to decline from period to period, which may contribute to volatility or continued weakness of our stock price.  
  In past periods, our operating results have been affected by personnel reductions and related restructuring charges, lease exit and related charges, and impairment charges for certain of our equity investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets. In addition to these factors, the general difficulty in forecasting our operating results and metrics could result in actual results that differ significantly from expected results, causing volatility and continued weakness in our stock price. 
  Certain of our product and service investment decisions (for example, research and development and sales and marketing efforts) are based on predictions regarding business and the markets in which we compete. Fluctuations in our operating results, particularly when experienced beyond what we expected, could cause the trading price of our stock to fluctuate.  Weakness in our operating performance is likely to cause continued weakness in our stock price. 
    
  Any impairment to our goodwill and definite-lived assets could result in a significant charge to our earnings. 
  In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we are required to test goodwill for possible impairment on an annual basis based upon a fair value approach, or more frequently in the event of certain indications of possible impairment.  We review definite-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in a reporting unit s market value, changes in our operating plans and forecasts, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of our business, a significant sustained decline in our market capitalization and other factors.  If we were to determine that an impairment had occurred, we would be required to record an impairment charge, which could have a significant negative, and unpredicted, impact on our financial results. The total carrying value of our goodwill and definite-lived assets as of   September 30, 2016   was   $20.1 million  . 
    
  Continued loss of revenue from our subscription services may continue to harm our operating results. 
  Our operating results have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by the loss of subscription revenue related to our more traditional products and services. Subscribers may cancel their subscriptions to our services for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the services sufficiently or that the service does not provide enough value, a lack of attractive or exclusive content generally or as compared with competitive service offerings, or because customer service issues are not satisfactorily resolved. Revenue from our SuperPass subscription service, for example, has declined in recent periods due to changes in consumer preferences and changes on our part to focus on other products and services we offer, and we expect these trends to continue. 
    
  Government regulation of the Internet is evolving, and unfavorable developments could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
  
   36 

We are subject to regulations and laws specific to the marketing, sale and delivery of goods and services over the Internet. These laws and regulations, which continue to evolve, cover taxation, user privacy, data collection and protection, copyrights, electronic contracts, sales procedures, automatic subscription renewals, credit card processing procedures, consumer protections, digital games distribution, broadband Internet access and content restrictions. We cannot guarantee that we have been or will be fully compliant in every jurisdiction, as it is not entirely clear how existing laws and regulations governing issues such as privacy, taxation and consumer protection apply or will be enforced with respect to the products and services we sell through the Internet. Moreover, as Internet commerce continues to evolve, increasing regulation and/or enforcement efforts by federal, state and foreign agencies and the prospects for private litigation claims related to our data collection, privacy policies or other e-commerce practices become more likely. In addition, the adoption of any laws or regulations or the imposition of other legal requirements that adversely affect our ability to market, sell, and deliver our products and services could decrease our ability to offer or customer demand for our service offerings, resulting in lower revenue. Future regulations, or changes in laws and regulations or their existing interpretations or applications, could also require us to change our business practices, raise compliance costs or other costs of doing business and result in additional historical or future liabilities for us, resulting in adverse impacts on our business and our operating results.  
  As a consumer-facing business, we receive complaints from our customers regarding our consumer marketing efforts and our customer service practices. Some of these customers may also complain to government agencies, and from time to time, those agencies have made inquiries to us about these practices.  In addition, we may receive complaints or inquiries directly from governmental agencies that have not been prompted by consumers.  In May of 2012, we resolved an investigation and complaint filed against us by the Washington State Office of the Attorney General, or Washington AG, relating to our consumer marketing practices through the entry of a consent decree filed in King County, Washington Superior Court. While we resolved that matter, we cannot provide assurance that the Washington AG or other governmental agencies will not bring future claims regarding our marketing, or consumer services or other practices.  
    
  Global and national economic conditions have in the past and could in the future have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Our business and operations depend significantly on global and national economic conditions.  Because consumers may consider the purchase of our digital entertainment products and services to be a discretionary expenditure, their decision whether to purchase our products and services may be influenced by macroeconomic factors that affect consumer spending such as unemployment, access to credit, negative financial news, and declines in income. In addition, our carrier customers and business partners may reduce their business or advertising spending with us in the face of adverse macroeconomic conditions, such as financial market volatility, government austerity programs, tight credit, and declines in asset values. We have in the past recorded material asset impairment charges due in part to weakness in the global economy, and we may need to record additional impairments to our assets in future periods in the event of renewed weakness and uncertainty in the global or national economy. Accordingly, any significant weakness in the national and/or global economy could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations in a negative manner. 
  Rhapsody could continue to recognize losses, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
  On March 31, 2010, we completed the restructuring of our digital audio music service joint venture, Rhapsody America LLC. As a result of the restructuring, we no longer have operational control over Rhapsody and Rhapsody s operating performance is no longer consolidated with our consolidated financial statements. Rhapsody has generated accounting losses since its inception and we have recognized losses on our investment in the convertible preferred stock of Rhapsody since the restructuring.  If Rhapsody continues to incur losses, if it otherwise experiences a significant decline in its business or financial condition, or if we provide financial support to or increase our investment in Rhapsody, we could incur further losses on our investment, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See   Note 5  ,   Rhapsody Joint Venture  , to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this 10-Q, for further discussion.  
  Additionally, given the current proportion of the outstanding equity of Rhapsody that we hold, we need to receive Rhapsody s unaudited quarterly financial statements and related information in order to timely prepare our quarterly consolidated financial statements and also to report certain of Rhapsody s financial results, as may be required, in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In addition, we may be required to include Rhapsody s annual audited financial statements in our annual report on Form 10-K in future periods. As we no longer exert operational control over Rhapsody, we cannot guarantee that Rhapsody will deliver its financial statements and related information to us in a timely manner, or at all, or that the unaudited financial statement information provided by Rhapsody will not contain inaccuracies that are material to our reported results. Any failure to timely obtain Rhapsody s quarterly financial statements or to include its audited financial statements in our future annual reports on Form 10-K, if required, could cause our reports to be filed in an untimely manner, which would preclude us from utilizing certain registration statements and could negatively impact our stock price. 
  
   37 

The continued loss of key personnel, or difficulty recruiting and retaining them, could significantly harm our business or jeopardize our ability to meet our growth objectives. 
  Our success depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of certain key executives and employees. We have experienced a significant amount of executive-level turnover in the past several years, which has had and could continue to have a negative impact on our ability to retain key employees.  Rob Glaser, our founder, Chairman and initial chief executive officer, resigned as chief executive officer in 2010, was appointed as interim chief executive officer in July 2012, and was named permanent chief executive officer in July 2014. In addition, each member of our executive team was either hired or promoted to his or her executive position within the past four years.  We cannot provide assurance that we will effectively manage these executive-level transitions, which may impact our ability to retain key executives and employees and which could harm our business and operations to the extent there is customer or employee uncertainty arising from such transitions. 
  Our success is also substantially dependent upon our ability to identify, attract and retain highly skilled management, technical and sales personnel. Qualified individuals are in high demand and competition for such qualified personnel in our industry, particularly engineering talent, is extremely intense, and we may incur significant costs to attract or retain them. Our ability to attract and retain personnel has been and may continue to be made more difficult by the uncertainty created by our executive-level turnover and by our continued restructuring efforts, which have involved reductions in our workforce. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain the key personnel necessary to sustain our business or support future growth. 
    
  Acquisitions and divestitures involve costs and risks that could harm our business and impair our ability to realize potential benefits from these transactions. 
  As part of our business strategy, we have acquired and sold technologies and businesses in the past and expect that we will continue to do so in the future.  For example, most recently, in August 2015 we completed the sale of our Slingo and social casino games business.  The failure to adequately manage transaction costs and address the financial, legal and operational risks raised by acquisitions and divestitures of technology and businesses could harm our business and prevent us from realizing the benefits of these transactions. In addition, we may identify and acquire target companies, but those companies may not be complementary to our current operations and may not leverage our existing infrastructure or operational experience, which may increase the risks associated with completing acquisitions. 
  Transaction-related costs and financial risks related to completed and potential future purchase or sale transactions may harm our financial position, reported operating results, or stock price. Previous acquisitions have resulted in significant expenses, including amortization of purchased technology, amortization of acquired identifiable intangible assets and the incurrence of charges for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, which are reflected in our operating expenses. New acquisitions and any potential additional future impairment of the value of purchased assets, including goodwill, could have a significant negative impact on our future operating results.  For example, in 2013 we acquired Slingo, Inc. pursuant to which we recorded $8.0 million of intangible assets and $9.9 million in goodwill, and Muzicall Limited pursuant to which we recorded $5.4 million of intangible assets and $1.3 million in goodwill.  In compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we evaluate these assets for impairment at least annually.  Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating that our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets or definite-lived assets may not be recoverable, include reduced future revenue and cash flow estimates due to changes in our forecasts, and unfavorable changes to valuation multiples and discount rates due to changes in the market.  If we were to conclude that any of these assets were impaired, we would have to recognize an impairment charge that could significantly impact our financial results. 
  Purchase and sale transactions also involve operational risks that could harm our existing operations or prevent realization of anticipated benefits from a transaction. These operational risks include: 
             
    difficulties and expenses in assimilating the operations, products, technology, information systems, and/or personnel of the acquired company; 
                
    retaining key management or employees of the acquired company; 
                
    entrance into unfamiliar markets, industry segments, or types of businesses; 
                
    operating, managing and integrating acquired businesses in remote locations or in countries in which we have little or no prior experience; 
                
    diversion of management time and other resources from existing operations; 
                
    impairment of relationships with employees, affiliates, advertisers or content providers of our business or acquired business; and 
                
    assumption of known and unknown liabilities of the acquired company, including intellectual property claims. 
     
   38 

We may be unable to adequately protect our proprietary rights or leverage our technology assets, and may face risks associated with third-party claims relating to intellectual property rights associated with our products and services. 
  Our ability to compete across our businesses partly depends on the superiority, uniqueness and value of our technology, including both internally developed technology and technology licensed from third parties. To protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties, and protective contractual provisions. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights may not assure our ownership rights in our intellectual property, protect or enhance the competitive position of our products and services or effectively prevent misappropriation of our technology. We also routinely receive challenges to our trademarks and other proprietary intellectual property that we are using in our business activities in China. Disputes regarding the validity and scope of patents or the ownership of technologies and rights associated with streaming media, digital distribution, and online businesses are common and likely to arise in the future. While we sold to Intel Corporation in 2012 most of our patents, including patents that covered streaming media, we agreed to indemnify Intel for certain third-party infringement claims against these patents up to the purchase price we received in the sale. We may also be forced to litigate, to enforce, or defend our patents and other intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of other parties  proprietary rights, enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms or redesign our product features and services. Any such dispute would likely be costly and distract our management, and the outcome of any such dispute could fail to improve our business prospects or otherwise harm our business. 
  From time to time we receive claims and inquiries from third parties alleging that our technology may infringe the third parties  proprietary rights, especially patents. Third parties have also asserted and most likely will continue to assert claims against us alleging contract breaches, infringement of copyrights, trademark rights, trade secret rights or other proprietary rights, or alleging unfair competition or violations of privacy rights. These claims, even if not meritorious, could force us to spend significant financial and managerial resources. Given the broad distribution of some of our consumer products, any individual claim related to those products could give rise to liabilities that may be material to us. For example, in July 2012, VoiceAge Corporation brought a lawsuit against us alleging breach of our obligation to pay them licensing fees under our patent license agreement with VoiceAge and seeking a material amount in damages. While we settled the dispute with VoiceAge in the fourth quarter of 2013, similar future lawsuits could result in significant legal expenses, monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us that could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. In addition, in 2012 we sold substantially all of our patent assets to Intel. We believe that our patent portfolio may have in the past discouraged third parties from bringing infringement or other claims against us relating to the use of our technologies in our business. Accordingly, we cannot predict whether the sale of these patent assets to Intel will result in additional infringement or other claims against us from third parties. 
    
  Our business and operating results will suffer if our systems or networks fail, become unavailable, unsecured or perform poorly so that current or potential users do not have adequate access to our products, services and websites. 
  Our ability to provide our products and services to our customers and operate our business depends on the continued operation and security of our information systems and networks. A significant or repeated reduction in the performance, reliability, security or availability of our information systems and network infrastructure could harm our ability to conduct our business, and harm our reputation and ability to attract and retain users, customers, advertisers and content providers. We have on occasion experienced system errors and failures that caused interruption in availability of products or content or an increase in response time. Problems with our systems and networks, or the third party systems and networks that we utilize, could result from our failure to adequately maintain and enhance these systems and networks, natural disasters and similar events, power failures, HVAC failures, intentional actions to disrupt our systems and networks and many other causes. The vulnerability of a large portion of our computer and communications infrastructure is enhanced due to its geographic concentration in Seattle, Washington, an area that is at heightened risk of earthquake, flood, and volcanic events. Many of our services do not currently have fully redundant systems or a formal disaster recovery plan, and we may not have adequate business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur from a system outage. 
    
  The growth of our business is dependent in part on successfully managing our international operations. 
  Our international operations involve risks inherent in doing business globally, including difficulties in managing operations due to distance, language, and cultural differences, local economic conditions, different or conflicting laws and regulations, taxes, and exchange rate fluctuations. The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the local currency of the country in which each subsidiary operates. We translate our subsidiaries  revenues into U.S. dollars in our financial statements, and continued volatility in foreign exchange rates, particularly if the U.S. dollar strengthens against the euro or the Korean won, may result in lower reported revenue or net assets in future periods. If we do not effectively manage any of the risks inherent in running our international businesses, our operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
  
   39 

We may be subject to market risk and legal liability in connection with our data collection and data security capabilities. 
  Many of our products are interactive Internet applications that by their very nature require communication between a client and server to operate. For example, to provide better consumer experiences and to operate effectively, our products send information, including personally identifiable information, to our servers or servers hosted by third parties. In addition, we sell many of our products and services through online sales transactions directly with consumers, through which we collect and store credit card information. In connection with our direct sales to consumers, we may be the victim of fraudulent transactions, including credit card fraud, which presents a risk to our revenue and potentially disrupts service to our consumers. While we take measures to protect our consumer data, we have experienced unauthorized access to our consumer data in the past, and it is possible that our security controls over consumer data may not prevent future improper access or disclosure of credit card information or personally identifiable information. We have an extensive privacy policy concerning the collection, use and disclosure of user data involved in interactions between our client and server products. A security breach that leads to disclosure of consumer account information (including personally identifiable information) or any failure by us to comply with our posted privacy policy or existing or new legislation regarding privacy issues could harm our reputation, impact the market for our products and services, subject us to litigation, and require us to expend significant resources to mitigate the breach of security, comply with breach notification laws or address related matters.  
    
  Changes in regulations applicable to the Internet and e-commerce that increase the taxes on the services we provide could materially harm our business and operating results. 
  As Internet commerce continues to evolve, increasing taxation by state, local or foreign tax authorities becomes more likely. For example, taxation of electronically delivered products and services or other charges imposed by government agencies may also be imposed. We believe we collect transactional taxes and are compliant and current in all jurisdictions where we believe we have a collection obligation for transaction taxes. Any regulation imposing greater taxes or other fees for products and services could result in a decline in the sale of products and services and the viability of those products and services, harming our business and operating results. A successful assertion by one or more states or foreign tax authorities that we should collect and remit sales or other taxes on the sale of our products or services could result in substantial liability for past sales. 
  In those countries where we have a tax obligation, we collect and remit value added tax, or VAT, on sales of  electronically supplied services  provided to European Union residents. The collection and remittance of VAT subjects us to additional currency fluctuation risks. 
    
  We may be subject to additional income tax assessments and changes in applicable tax regulations could adversely affect our financial results. 
  We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes, income taxes payable, and net deferred tax assets. In the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different than that which is reflected in our historical financial statements. An audit or litigation can result in significant additional income taxes payable in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
  The U.S. is considering corporate tax reform that may significantly change the corporate tax rate and U.S. international tax rules. Additionally, longstanding international tax norms that determine each country's jurisdiction to tax cross-border international trade are evolving. Given the unpredictability of these possible changes and their potential interdependency, it is very difficult to assess whether the overall effect of such potential tax changes would be cumulatively positive or negative for our earnings and cash flow, but such changes could adversely impact our financial results. 
    
  Our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer beneficially owns approximately 37% of our stock, which gives him significant control over certain major decisions on which our shareholders may vote or may discourage an acquisition of us. 
  Robert Glaser, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, beneficially owns approximately 37% of our common stock. As a result, Mr. Glaser and his affiliates will have significant influence to: 
             
    elect or defeat the election of our directors; 
                
    amend or prevent amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; 
                
    effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and 
     
   40 

control the outcome of any other matter submitted to the shareholders for vote. 
     The stock ownership of Mr. Glaser and his affiliates may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of RealNetworks, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 
    
  Provisions of our charter documents, shareholder rights plan, and Washington law could discourage our acquisition by a third party. 
  Our articles of incorporation provide for a strategic transactions committee of the board of directors. Without the prior approval of this committee, and subject to certain limited exceptions, the board of directors does not have the authority to: 
             
    adopt a plan of merger; 
                
    authorize the sale, lease, exchange or mortgage of assets representing more than 50% of the book value of our assets prior to the transaction or on which our long-term business strategy is substantially dependent; 
                
    authorize our voluntary dissolution; or 
                
    take any action that has the effect of any of the above. 
     Mr. Glaser has special rights under our articles of incorporation to appoint or remove members of a strategic transactions committee at his discretion that could make it more difficult for RealNetworks to be sold or to complete another change of control transaction without Mr. Glaser s consent. RealNetworks has also entered into an agreement providing Mr. Glaser with certain contractual rights relating to the enforcement of our charter documents and Mr. Glaser s roles and authority within RealNetworks. These rights and his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors, together with Mr. Glaser s significant beneficial ownership, create unique potential for concentrated influence of Mr. Glaser over potentially material transactions involving RealNetworks and decisions regarding the future strategy and leadership of RealNetworks. 
  We have adopted a shareholder rights plan, which was amended and restated in December 2008, and amended in April 2016, which provides that shares of our common stock have associated preferred stock purchase rights. The exercise of these rights would make the acquisition of RealNetworks by a third party more expensive to that party and has the effect of discouraging third parties from acquiring RealNetworks without the approval of our board of directors, which has the power to redeem these rights and prevent their exercise. 
  Washington law imposes restrictions on some transactions between a corporation and certain significant shareholders. The foregoing provisions of our charter documents, shareholder rights plan, our agreement with Mr. Glaser, and Washington law, as well as our charter provisions that provide for a classified board of directors and the availability of  blank check  preferred stock, could have the effect of making it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, control of us. These provisions may therefore have the effect of limiting the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock. 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     (a) Not applicable 
  (b) Not applicable 
  (c) Not applicable 
   
           Item 3. 
    Default Upon Senior Securities 
     None    
   
           Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     Not applicable 
   
           Item 5. 
    Other Information 
     None. 
   
           Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
     
   41 

See Index to Exhibits below. 

42 

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Form 10-Q Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

REALNETWORKS, INC. 

By: 
      
    /s/    Marjorie Thomas 

Marjorie Thomas 
        
    Title: 
      
    Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Dated:   November 4, 2016    
  
   43 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
    
                 Exhibit 
  Number 
    Description 

10.1 
    Offer letter dated September 13, 2016 between RealNetworks, Inc. and William Patrizio 

31.1 
    Certification of Robert Glaser, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of RealNetworks, Inc., pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
    Certification of Marjorie Thomas, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
  of RealNetworks, Inc., pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
    Certification of Robert Glaser, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of RealNetworks, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
    Certification of Marjorie Thomas, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
  of RealNetworks, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

44 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101-billpatriziooff.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1 - WILLIAM PATRIZIO OFFER LETTER

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

September 13, 2016                                 
    
      William Patrizio  
  Via e-mail 
    
  Dear Bill: 
    
  I am extremely pleased to offer you employment at RealNetworks, Inc. ( Real ,  RealNetworks  or  Company ) as President of the Consumer Media division at RealNetworks reporting directly to me  .   Your start date will be September 19, 2016. Subsequent to your start date, I will determine the reporting structure of the Consumer Media division to assist with an orderly transition of responsibilities. 
    
    This offer is for a full-time, regular, exempt position with RealNetworks at our headquarters location in Seattle. Your responsibilities will be as directed by RealNetworks and commensurate with your title. You will be paid a salary, which is equivalent on an annualized basis to   $400,000   (subject to normal withholdings), payable semi-monthly in accordance with our normal payroll procedures. 
    
  You are eligible to participate in the Executive MBO Plan with an annual target equivalent to   75%   of your base salary or   $300,000   for an annualized total compensation target of   $700,000  . You will have an opportunity to earn more than your target bonus (at least 100% of base salary) if you over-attain the targets set forth in your Executive MBO Plan. Specific targets will be established by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors annually.     For the 2016 plan year, your eligibility in the Executive MBO Plan will be pro-rated based on each full month s eligibility. Eligible employees hired after the first of the month will not begin pro-ration of their bonus target until the first day of the next month. For the remainder of the 2016 plan year (in this instance, Q4 2016), you will receive a minimum Executive MBO bonus payout of $75,000.  Please note that in accordance with the 2016 Executive MBO plan, 50% of the bonus payout will be paid in cash and the other 50% will be paid in fully-vested RSUs. 
    
  You will also earn equity in RealNetworks under the terms of RealNetworks  2005 Stock Incentive Plan. Subject to and effective upon the commencement of your employment, you will receive a grant of stock options for the purchase of   350,000   shares of RealNetworks Common Stock, which will begin vesting on the first day of your employment, and will be subject to all other provisions contained in the Plan. These stock options will fully vest after four years of continuous employment.   These stock options will fully vest after four years of continuous employment in accordance with Real s standard vesting practices for new employees (i.e. vesting of 25% after the first 12 months of employment and vesting of 12.5% at the expiration of each successive six months of employment).   Your stock options will be granted by the Compensation Committee no later than 10 business days after your employment start date (the  Grant Date ).   The exercise price of the stock options granted to you shall be equal to the fair market value of RealNetworks Common Stock on the Grant Date. Fair market value shall equal the last sale price for shares of RealNetworks Common Stock on the Grant Date as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market. Please be aware that unvested stock options are forfeited upon termination of employment. 
    
  RealNetworks offers a comprehensive array of employee benefits programs. You will receive paid vacation, holiday, and sick leave time off under our PTO program (including the R R week in late December), as well as standard corporate holidays. Upon satisfaction of any eligibility or waiting requirements, you may participate in our health and welfare medical/dental/vision insurance programs coverage, 401K plan participation, disability and life insurance coverage, employee stock purchase plan participation and other benefits ("Benefits") as described in the RealNetworks Employee Handbook, Benefit Plan descriptions, and  
  
   1 

Exhibit 10.1 

RealNetworks policies, as they may be amended from time to time. All of these Benefits are subject to change with or without notice from RealNetworks. 
    
  You will receive a sign-on bonus of   $100,000   no later than 30 days from your start date. If your employment with RealNetworks is terminated before the first annual anniversary of your start date, and your termination is on account of either (a) your voluntary resignation for a reason other than Good Reason (see definition below), or (b) your termination for Cause (also defined below), you must return to RealNetworks the entire payment (  $100,000  ). 
    
  At the commencement of your employment, you will receive a grant of   20,000   restricted stock units (RSUs). Upon award, 50% of the RSUs (totaling 10,000) will be deemed fully-vested. The remaining 50% of the RSUs will be fully-vested on the one-year anniversary of the grant date subject to continued employment. Please be aware that unvested stock is forfeited upon termination of employment. 
    
  Please be aware that you will be regarded as a key employee under certain federal regulations governing family and medical leave. This status will require that you work closely with us in planning should you develop a need for family or medical leave.  
    
  In the event that RealNetworks terminates your employment without  cause  (as defined in Exhibit A) or you resign for  Good Reason  (as defined in the CIC Agreement (defined below), but without regard to whether or not there has been a change in control) at any time before the 3   rd    anniversary of your start date, and in consideration for your signing (and not revoking) a customary separation and release agreement to be provided by RealNetworks at the time of termination, RealNetworks will provide you, at its option, with either (a) a lump sum payment equal to eighteen (18) months of your then current base salary, plus pro-rated bonus (as described below), on the payment terms set forth in this letter, or (b) 18 monthly payments of your then current base salary plus pro-rated bonus (as described below).  Real will also cover your COBRA costs for up to 12 months (until you have another employer covering your health care costs).  Finally, you shall also receive 1 year accelerated vesting of any unvested, non-performance based stock options. 
    
  In the event that RealNetworks terminates your employment without  cause  (as defined in Exhibit A) or you resign for Good Reason at any time after the 3   rd    anniversary of your start date, and in consideration for your signing (and not revoking) a customary separation and release agreement to be provided by RealNetworks at the time of termination, RealNetworks will provide you, at its option, with either (a) a lump sum payment equal to twelve (12) months of your then current base salary, plus pro-rated bonus (as described below), on the payment terms set forth in this letter, or (b) 12 monthly payments of your then current base salary plus pro-rated bonus (as described below).  Real will also cover your COBRA costs for up to 12 months (until you have another employer covering your health care costs).  Finally, you shall also receive 1 year accelerated vesting of any unvested, non-performance based stock options. 
     
  With respect to the pro-rated bonus referenced in the preceding paragraph, it shall be deemed that your bonus for the year in question will be the greater of 37.5% of base salary or what you have actually earned under the bonus plan, in both cases, pro-rated based on the number of days in the year through your termination date. In addition, you will be paid your full bonus for the year prior to termination even if the termination occurs before the payment date(s) for such bonus.    
    
  You agree that in the event you wish to terminate your employment at RealNetworks other than for  good reason,  you will provide us with 90 days written notice and will continue to work fulltime for RealNetworks during that 90 day period unless RealNetworks determines that it does not need your services.  You will be paid for any time actually worked. 
    
  In addition to the severance benefits offered above, in the event of a  Change in Control  ( CIC ), the Company agrees to provide you certain benefits as set forth in its Change of Control and Severance Agreement to be effective as of your start date, which agreement will be provided under separate cover (the  CIC Agreement ).   
  
   2 

Exhibit 10.1 

It is our policy that employees may not use or disclose non-RealNetworks confidential information or trade secrets obtained from any source or obtained as a result of their prior employment. RealNetworks requires employees to abide by all contractual and legal obligations they may have to prior employers or others, such as limits on disclosure of information or competition. Prior to signing this letter, you must inform us if you are subject to any such obligations. Violation of this requirement may result in termination of your employment with RealNetworks. By signing this letter, you further agree that you will not bring any confidential documents of another or disclose any confidential information of another and that you will comply fully with these requirements. 
    
  Our employment relationship will be terminable at will, which means that either you or RealNetworks may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason or no reason, subject only to our respective obligations set forth in this letter agreement.  Your right to receive payments described herein are subject to and conditioned upon your signing a valid general and complete release of all claims (except those relating to RealNetworks compensation obligations described under this letter agreement) against RealNetworks (and its related entities and persons) in a form provided by RealNetworks.  Notwithstanding anything in the preceding sentence or elsewhere in this letter agreement to the contrary, the release will preserve and not release (1) your rights to indemnification from RealNetworks or its insurers with respect to any claims against you and (2) your rights pursuant to the CIC Agreement in the event it is later determined that your termination occurred during a Change in Control Period (as defined in the CIC Agreement). 
    
  You represent that the execution of this letter agreement, your employment with RealNetworks, and the performance of your proposed duties to RealNetworks will not violate any agreements or obligations you may have to any former employer or third party and you are not subject to any restrictions that would prevent or limit you from carrying out your duties for RealNetworks.    
    
  This offer is contingent on (i) your providing evidence of employability as required by federal law (which includes providing RealNetworks within 3 days after your employment commences with acceptable evidence of your identity and US employment eligibility) and (ii) you signing RealNetworks' Development, Confidentiality and Noncompetition Agreement, attached hereto.     You   understand and agree to complete a criminal, employment, and educational background check administered by RealNetworks preferred vendor in a timely manner. Further, you understand that any false information, omissions or misrepresentations of facts called for in your application or the completion of a background check may result in discharge at any time during your employment. 
    
  RealNetworks provides equal opportunity in employment and will administer its policies with regard to recruitment, training, promotion, transfer, demotion, layoff, termination, compensation and benefits without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability or status as a disabled veteran or veteran of the Vietnam era or any other characteristic or status protected by applicable law. 
    
  This letter, the Development, Confidentiality, and Noncompetition Agreement, the RealNetworks, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, your Stock Option Agreement and the Change of Control and Severance Agreement contain the entire agreement between you and RealNetworks regarding your offer of employment, and supersede all prior oral and written discussions, agreements, and understandings. This letter may not be modified except in writing, which writing is signed by both you and RealNetworks. Any disputes regarding this letter or your employment with RealNetworks shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington. If any provision of this letter is deemed to be invalid or unenforceable, at RealNetworks option, the remaining terms shall continue in full force and effect. You agree to keep the terms of this offer letter strictly confidential and to not disclose them to anyone other than your spouse or partner, tax advisors, and attorneys, provided you first obtain their agreement to keep the terms confidential. 

3 

Exhibit 10.1 

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me or Michael Parham. He can be reached at 206.892.6529. 
    
  This offer is valid until September 14, 2016 and is subject to final approval of Real s Compensation Committee. 
    
    We are very excited about the prospect of you joining the RealNetworks team and look forward to working with you.  
    
    Sincerely,  

/s/ Rob Glaser 
  Rob Glaser 
  CEO 
  RealNetworks, Inc. 

I have read and agree to the terms of employment contained in this offer letter and the attached Development, Confidentiality, and Noncompetition Agreement, which represent a full, complete, and fair statement of the offer of employment made to me by RealNetworks, Inc. on this date. 

William Patrizio:     /s/ William Patrizio                        Date: Sept. 13, 2016 

4 

Exhibit 10.1 

Exhibit A 
    
  Definition of  Cause  
    
  For purposes of this letter,  cause  will mean the occurrence of any of the following: 1) your conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony involving moral turpitude (including under Federal securities laws), resulting in material harm to RealNetworks; (2) your willful, substantial and continuing failure after written notice thereof to render services to RealNetworks in accordance with the terms or requirements of your employment for reasons other than illness or incapacity; (3) your willful misconduct, gross negligence, fraud, embezzlement, theft, misrepresentation or dishonesty involving RealNetworks or any of its subsidiaries, resulting in any case in material harm to RealNetworks; or (4) your violation of any confidentiality or non-competition agreements with RealNetworks or its subsidiaries, resulting in material harm to RealNetworks. 
    
  Definition of  Good Reason  
  For purposes of this Agreement,        good reason    means your resignation within thirty (30) days following the expiration of any Company cure period following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without your written consent:  
           (1) 
    A material reduction in your duties, authorities or responsibilities relative to your duties, authorities or responsibilities (provided that the Company ceasing to be a publicly held corporation shall not alone be considered a material reduction); and, for the avoidance of doubt, the sale, spin-off or other divestiture of the Company s Mobile Services, Consumer Media, RealPlayer, ICM, casual games and/or Rhapsody businesses, will not be considered to be a material reduction in your duties, authorities or responsibilities provided that, in the case of a sale of all or a substantial portion of the business in which you were principally engaged, the Company shall offer you a senior executive position within its reasonable judgment consistent with your experience and abilities and without a diminution in your compensation;  
              (2) 
    A material reduction in your annual base compensation, provided that one or more reductions totaling ten percent (10%) or less in any two-year period will not constitute a material reduction under this clause (2), and provided further that one or more reductions totaling more than ten percent (10%) in any two-year period, will constitute a material reduction under this clause (ii);  
              (3) 
    A material reduction in your annual target bonus opportunity, provided that one or more reductions totaling twenty five percent (25%) or less in any two-year period, will not constitute a material reduction under this clause (3), and provided further that one or more reductions totaling more than twenty five percent (25%) in any two-year period will constitute a material reduction under this clause (3); and  
              (4) 
    A material change in the geographic location at which you must perform services; provided, however, that any requirement of the Company that you be based anywhere within fifty (50) miles from your primary office location as of the date of this Agreement or within fifty (50) miles from your principal residence will not constitute a material change under this clause (4). 
       
  You will not resign for  good reason  without first providing the Company with written notice within ninety (90) days of the event that you believe constitutes  good reason  specifically identifying the acts or omissions  
  
   5 

Exhibit 10.1 

constituting the grounds for  good reason  and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30) days following the date of such notice. 
  
   6 

Exhibit 10.1 

Release and Section 409A 
    
  The receipt of any severance benefits pursuant to this letter will be subject to your signing and not revoking a release of any and all claims, in a form prescribed by RealNetworks l (the    Release   ) and provided that such Release becomes effective and irrevocable no later than sixty (60) days following the termination date (such deadline, the    Release Deadline   ). If you do not execute the Release on or prior to the date set forth in the Release for you to consider it, you will forfeit any rights to severance benefits under this letter. No severance benefits will be paid or provided until the Release becomes effective and irrevocable. Upon the Release becoming effective, any payments delayed from the date you terminate employment through the effective date of the Release will be payable in a lump sum without interest on the first payroll date after the Release becomes effective and irrevocable.  
    
  It is the intent of this letter that all payment and benefits hereunder comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder and any applicable state law requirements (   Section 409A   ) so that none of the payments and benefits to be provided under this letter will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be exempt or so comply. Each payment and benefit payable under this letter is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. You and RealNetworks agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this letter and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to you under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this letter, no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to you, if any, pursuant to this letter that, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits, are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together,    Deferred Compensation   ) or otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9) will be paid or otherwise provided until you have a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A. However, unless a later date is required by the next sentence, any severance payments or benefits under this letter that would be considered Deferred Compensation will be paid on, or, in the case of installments, will not commence until, the sixtieth (60   th   ) day following your separation from service and any installment payments that would have been made to you during the sixty (60) day period immediately following your separation from service but for this sentence will be paid to you on the sixtieth (60   th   ) day following your separation from service and the remaining payments shall be made as provided in this letter. Further, if at the time of your termination of employment, you are a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A, payment of such Deferred Compensation will be delayed to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, which generally means that you will receive payment on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day following your termination of employment, or your death, if earlier. 

7 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311-10q2016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Robert Glaser, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of RealNetworks, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Date:  
    November 4, 2016 
        
      /s/ Robert Glaser 
      Robert Glaser 
      Title: 
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312-10q2016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Marjorie Thomas, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of RealNetworks, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
          
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
         
                     Date:  
    November 4, 2016 
        
      /s/ Marjorie Thomas 
      Marjorie Thomas 
      Title: 
    Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
        
    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321-10q2016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
  I, Robert Glaser, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of RealNetworks, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of RealNetworks, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of RealNetworks, Inc. 
    
                     Date:  
    November 4, 2016 

By: 
    /s/ Robert Glaser 
        
    Name: 
    Robert Glaser 
        
    Title: 
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to RealNetworks, Inc. and will be retained by RealNetworks, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit322-10q2016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
  I, Marjorie Thomas, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of RealNetworks, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of RealNetworks, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of RealNetworks, Inc. 
    
                     Date:  
    November 4, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ Marjorie Thomas 
        
    Name: 
    Marjorie Thomas 
        
    Title: 
    Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to RealNetworks, Inc. and will be retained by RealNetworks, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 rnwk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rnwk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 rnwk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rnwk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rnwk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rnwk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

