<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-Q_edgar_data_823768_0001193125-16-747491_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8514428</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>150411</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>398402</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2209158</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3833739</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1636064</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-747491.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161026112818
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-747491
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WASTE MANAGEMENT INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000823768
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		IRS NUMBER:				731309529
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12154
		FILM NUMBER:		161951877

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 FANNIN STREET
		STREET 2:		STE 4000
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7135126200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 FANNIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4000
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	USA WASTE SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-747491.txt : 20161026

10-Q
 1
 d230847d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549        Form 10-Q       (Mark One)   
   
     Commission file number 1-12154    
   Waste Management, Inc.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

Delaware   
     
   73-1309529    
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of   
     
   (I.R.S. Employer    
 
   incorporation or organization)   
     
   Identification No.)    
     1001 Fannin Street        Houston, Texas 77002        (Address of principal executive offices)
       (713) 512-6200        (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes         No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files).    Yes         No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   
  Large accelerated filer           Accelerated 
filer            Non-accelerated filer         
   Smaller reporting company       
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes         No        
  The number of shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value, of the registrant outstanding at October 17, 2016 was 442,003,086
(excluding treasury shares of 188,279,375).           

PART I.    

Item 1.   
      Financial Statements.              WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
       (In Millions, Except Share and Par Value Amounts)    
   
    See notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
         2   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS        (In Millions, Except per Share Amounts)        (Unaudited)    
   
    See notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
         3   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS        (In Millions)        (Unaudited)    
   
            See notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
         4   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY        (In Millions, Except Shares in Thousands)        (Unaudited)    

See notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
         5   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        (Unaudited)        

1.   
   Basis of Presentation         The financial statements presented in this report represent the consolidation of Waste Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Waste Management s wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries.
Waste Management is a holding company and all operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. When the terms  the Company,   we,   us  or  our  are used in this document, those terms refer to Waste Management,
Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. When we use the term  WM,  we are referring only to Waste Management, Inc., the parent holding company.      We are North America s leading provider of comprehensive waste management environmental services. We partner with our residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers and the communities
we serve to manage and reduce waste at each stage from collection to disposal, while recovering valuable resources and creating clean, renewable energy. Our  Solid Waste  business is operated and managed locally by our subsidiaries that
focus on distinct geographic areas and provides collection, transfer, recycling and resource recovery, and disposal services. Through our subsidiaries, we are also a leading developer, operator and owner of landfill gas-to-energy facilities in the
United States.      We evaluate, oversee and manage the financial performance of our Solid Waste business
subsidiaries through our 17 geographic Areas. We also provide additional services that are not managed through our Solid Waste business, which are presented in this report as  Other.  Additional information related to our segments is
included in Note 8.      The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited. In the opinion of management, these financial statements include all adjustments, which, unless otherwise disclosed, are of a normal recurring nature, necessary for a fair
presentation of the financial position, results of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity for the periods presented. The results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year. The
financial statements presented herein should be read in connection with the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   
  In preparing our financial statements, we make numerous estimates and assumptions that affect the accounting for and
recognition and disclosure of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses. We must make these estimates and assumptions because certain information that we use is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with precision from available
data or simply cannot be calculated. In some cases, these estimates are difficult to determine, and we must exercise significant judgment. In preparing our financial statements, the most difficult, subjective and complex estimates and the
assumptions that present the greatest amount of uncertainty relate to our accounting for landfills, environmental remediation liabilities, asset impairments, deferred income taxes and reserves associated with our insured and self-insured claims.
Actual results could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use in the preparation of our financial statements.        Adoption of New Accounting Standards         Debt
Issuance Costs      In April 2015, and as subsequently amended, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued amended authoritative guidance associated with debt issuance costs which were previously
presented as assets related to recognized debt liabilities. The amended guidance requires that debt issuance costs, other than those costs related to line of credit arrangements, be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
related debt liability, which is similar to the presentation for debt discounts and premiums. This guidance was effective for the Company on January 1, 2016. The Company s adoption of this guidance was applied retrospectively and resulted in a
reclassification of $52 million of such costs in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2015.   
         6   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
    Consolidation      In February 2015, the FASB
issued amended authoritative guidance associated with consolidation. The amended guidance makes changes to existing consolidation requirements associated with the analysis a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should
consolidate certain types of legal entities, including limited partnerships and variable interest entities. The guidance was effective for the Company on January 1, 2016. The Company s adoption of this guidance did not impact our consolidated
financial statements.        Reclassifications     
  When necessary, reclassifications have been made to our prior period consolidated financial information in order to
conform to the current year presentation.       

2.   
   Landfill and Environmental Remediation Liabilities         Liabilities for landfill and environmental remediation costs are presented in the table below (in millions):       
    The changes to landfill and environmental remediation liabilities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 are reflected in the table below (in millions):       

(a)  
    The amount reported for our landfill liabilities includes an increase of $13 million due to acceleration of timing of closure and post-closure
activities due to a loss of expected volumes for a landfill. See Note 10 for further discussion.      

(b)  
    The amount reported for our environmental remediation liabilities includes the impact of a decrease in the risk-free discount rate used to measure
our liabilities from 2.25% at December 31, 2015 to 1.50% at September 30, 2016, resulting in an increase of $9 million to our environmental remediation liabilities and a corresponding increase to  Operating  expenses. Additionally, we
increased our cost estimates associated with the environmental remediation liability of a subsidiary related to a closed site in Harris County, Texas by $42 million. See Notes 7 and 10 for further discussion.      
  At several of our landfills, we provide financial assurance by depositing cash into restricted trust funds or escrow
accounts for purposes of settling final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation obligations. Generally, these trust funds are established to comply with statutory requirements and operating agreements. See Note 14 for additional
information related to these trusts.   
         7   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

The
following table summarizes the major components of debt at each balance sheet date (in millions) and provides the maturities and interest rate ranges of each major category as of September 30, 2016:   
   
      Debt Classification     
  As of September 30, 2016, the current portion of our debt balance of $432 million includes (i) $295 million of short-term
borrowings under the long-term U.S. revolving credit facility ( $2.25 billion revolving credit facility ) and (ii) $137 million of other debt with scheduled maturities within the next 12 months, including $83 million of tax-exempt bonds.
     As of September 30, 2016, we also have $503 million of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that
expire within the next 12 months and an additional $491 million of variable-rate tax-exempt bonds that are supported by letters of credit. The interest rates on our variable-rate tax-exempt bonds are generally reset on either a daily or weekly basis
through a remarketing process. All recent tax-exempt bond remarketings have successfully placed Company bonds with investors at market-driven rates and we currently expect future remarketings to be successful. However, if the remarketing agent
is unable to remarket our bonds, the remarketing agent can put the bonds to us. In the event of a failed remarketing, we have the intent and ability to use availability under our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility to fund the debt obligations
until they can be remarketed successfully. Accordingly, we classified these borrowings as long-term in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016.        Access to and Utilization of Credit Facilities     
   $2.25 Billion Revolving Credit Facility and Other Letter of Credit
Facilities          As of September 30, 2016, we had an aggregate committed capacity of $2.4 billion for letters of credit under various U.S. credit facilities. Our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility expires in
July 2020 and is our primary source of letter of credit capacity. Our remaining committed letter of credit capacity is provided under facilities with terms extending through December 2018. As of September 30, 2016, we had an aggregate of $967
million of letters of credit outstanding under committed credit facilities. As of September 30, 2016, we had $295 million of outstanding   
         8   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

borrowings under our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility and $817 million of letters of credit issued and supported by the facility, leaving $1,138 million of unused and available capacity.
      Canadian Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility          In March 2016,
we amended and restated our Canadian credit agreement (which includes a term loan and revolving credit facility), decreasing the revolving credit capacity, increasing the amount of term credit, and extending the term through March 2019. Waste
Management of Canada Corporation and WM Quebec Inc., wholly-owned subsidiaries of WM, are borrowers under the agreement. The amended and restated credit agreement provides the Company (i) C$50 million of revolving credit capacity, which can be used
for borrowings or letters of credit, and (ii) C$460 million of non-revolving term credit that is prepayable without penalty. Prior to closing, there was a balance of C$90 million remaining on the prior C$500 million term loan. Upon closing, the term
loan was fully drawn to repay the indebtedness owed under the prior Canadian credit agreement and to repay C$370 million of intercompany debt. At no time during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 did we have borrowings or letters of credit
outstanding under the Canadian revolving credit agreement.        Debt Borrowings and Repayments     
   $2.25 Billion Revolving Credit Facility      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we
had net borrowings of $275 million under our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility. These net borrowings included funds to support our acquisition of certain operations and business assets of Southern Waste Systems/Sun Recycling ( SWS )
in Southern Florida. Refer to Note 9 for additional information related to this acquisition.       Canadian
Term Loan      During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we repaid C$27 million, or $20 million, of advances under our prior Canadian term loan reducing the balance to C$90 million at the time of the amendment and
restatement of the credit agreement. Upon closing the new Canadian credit agreement, we borrowed C$460 million, or $347 million, to repay the prior term loan and to allow our Canadian subsidiaries to repay C$370 million, or $280 million, of
intercompany debt. From April 1, 2016, through September 30, 2016, we repaid C$94 million, or $72 million, of advances under our Canadian term loan.       Senior Notes      In May 2016, we issued $500 million of 2.4% senior notes due May 2023. We utilized the net proceeds of $496 million in the repayment of $500 million of 2.6%
senior notes that matured in September 2016.      Tax-Exempt
Bonds          During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repaid $103 million of tax-exempt bonds with available cash. In May 2016, we elected to refund and reissue $143 million of tax-exempt bonds in
order to reduce the interest costs associated with this debt. The  Loss on early extinguishment of debt  reflected in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes $3 million of
charges related to these refundings.        Senior Notes Refinancing     
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized a pre-tax loss of $552 million associated with the early
extinguishment of almost $2 billion of our high-coupon senior notes through make-whole redemption and cash tender offers. We replaced substantially all of the debt extinguished with new senior notes at significantly lower coupon interest rates
and extended the weighted average duration of these debt obligations.      

4.   
   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities          Foreign Currency Derivatives      As of December 31, 2015, we had cross currency swaps outstanding for all of the anticipated cash flows associated with C$370 million of
intercompany debt between WM Holdings and its wholly-owned Canadian subsidiaries. As discussed in Note 3, in March 2016, our Canadian subsidiaries repaid the intercompany debt with proceeds from our Canadian term loan. Concurrent with the
repayment of the intercompany debt, we terminated the cross currency swaps and received $67 million in cash. The cash received   
         9   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

from our termination of the swaps has been classified as a change in  Other current assets  and  Other assets  within  Net cash provided by operating activities  in
the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. In addition, we recognized $8 million of expense associated with the termination of these swaps which was included in  Other, net  in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Operations.     These cross currency swaps had been designated as cash flow hedges and as of December 31, 2015, the
carrying value of the hedge position was reflected in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as $15 million of current other assets and $63 million of long-term other assets. Through March 2016, when the intercompany loans and the related hedges
were terminated, gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement of the underlying non-functional currency intercompany loans were recognized in current earnings in the same financial statement line item as the offsetting gains or losses on the
related cross currency swaps. There was no significant ineffectiveness associated with our cash flow hedges during the reported periods.       Forward-Starting Interest Rate Swaps      At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)  included $38 million and $43
million, respectively, of after-tax deferred losses related to terminated cash flow swaps, which are being amortized as an increase to interest expense using the effective interest method over the ten-year terms of the related senior notes, which
extend through 2024. As of September 30, 2016, $10 million of the pre-tax deferred losses for these previously terminated swaps is scheduled to be reclassified as an increase to interest expense over the next 12 months.   
  Refer to Note 11 for information regarding the impacts of our cash flow derivatives on our comprehensive income and
results of operations.       

5.   
   Income Taxes         Our effective income tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 33.7% and 35.5%, respectively, compared with 32.3% and 27.8%, respectively, for the comparable prior year periods.
We evaluate our effective income tax rate at each interim period and adjust it as facts and circumstances warrant. The difference between federal income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate and reported income taxes for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the favorable impact of federal tax credits and adjustments to our accruals and related deferred taxes due to the filing of our 2015 income tax returns offset, in part, by the unfavorable impact of state
and local income taxes and nondeductible impairments and capital losses. The difference between federal income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate and reported income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
primarily due to the unfavorable impact of state and local income taxes and nondeductible impairments and capital losses offset, in part, by the favorable impact of federal tax credits, adjustments to our accruals and related deferred taxes due to
the filing of our 2015 income tax returns, and tax audit settlements.     The difference between federal income
taxes computed at the federal statutory rate and reported income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to the favorable impact of federal tax credits, adjustments to our accruals and related deferred
taxes due to the filing of our 2014 income tax returns and tax audit settlements offset, in part, by the unfavorable impact of state and local income taxes. The nine months ended September 30, 2015 was also favorably impacted by the revaluation of
our deferred taxes and utilization of state net operating losses resulting from changes in state law and nontaxable post-closing adjustments related to the divestiture of our Wheelabrator business. In addition, the loss on early extinguishment of
debt included in our pre-tax income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 contributed to a lower effective tax rate.       Investments Qualifying for Federal Tax Credits      We have significant financial interests in entities established to invest in and manage low-income housing properties and a
refined coal facility. We support the operations of these entities in exchange for a pro-rata share of the tax credits they generate. The low-income housing investments and the coal facility s refinement processes qualify for federal tax
credits that we expect to realize through 2020 under Section 42 and through 2019 under Section 45, respectively, of the Internal Revenue Code.   
         10   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
   We account for our investments in these entities using the equity method
of accounting, recognizing our share of each entity s results of operations and other reductions in the value of our investments in  Equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities,  within our Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $7 million and $22 million of net losses and a reduction in our tax provision of $15 million and $40 million, respectively, primarily as a result of tax
credits realized from these investments. In addition, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized interest expense of less than $1 million and $2 million, respectively, associated with the low-income housing investments.
During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized $7 million and $21 million of net losses and a reduction in our tax provision of $17 million and $41 million, respectively, primarily as a result of tax credits realized from
these investments. In addition, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized interest expense of $1 million and $3 million, respectively, associated with the low-income housing investments.   
  See Note 14 for additional information related to these unconsolidated variable interest entities.   

6.   
   Earnings Per Share         Basic and diluted earnings per share were computed using the following common share data (shares in millions):       

7.   
   Commitments and Contingencies          Financial Instruments      We have obtained letters of credit, surety bonds and insurance policies and have established trust funds and issued financial guarantees to support
tax-exempt bonds, contracts, performance of landfill final capping, closure and post-closure requirements, environmental remediation, and other obligations. Letters of credit generally are supported by our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility and
other credit facilities established for that purpose. These facilities are discussed further in Note 3. Surety bonds and insurance policies are supported by (i) a diverse group of third-party surety and insurance companies; (ii) an entity in which
we have a noncontrolling financial interest or (iii) wholly-owned insurance companies, the sole business of which is to issue surety bonds and/or insurance policies on our behalf.   
  Management does not expect that any claims against or draws on these instruments would have a material adverse effect on
our consolidated financial statements. We have not experienced any unmanageable difficulty in obtaining the required financial assurance instruments for our current operations. In an ongoing effort to mitigate risks of future cost increases and
reductions in available capacity, we continue to evaluate various options to access cost-effective sources of financial assurance.   
         11   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
    Insurance      We carry insurance coverage for
protection of our assets and operations from certain risks including automobile liability, general liability, real and personal property, workers  compensation, directors  and officers  liability, pollution legal liability and other
coverages we believe are customary to the industry. Our exposure to loss for insurance claims is generally limited to the per incident deductible under the related insurance policy. Our exposure, however, could increase if our insurers are unable to
meet their commitments on a timely basis.      We have retained a significant portion of the risks related to our
automobile, general liability and workers  compensation claims programs.  General liability  refers to the self-insured portion of specific third-party claims made against us that may be covered under our commercial General Liability
Insurance Policy. For our self-insured retentions, the exposure for unpaid claims and associated expenses, including incurred but not reported losses, is based on an actuarial valuation and internal estimates. The accruals for these liabilities
could be revised if future occurrences or loss development significantly differ from our assumptions used. We do not expect the impact of any known casualty, property, environmental or other contingency to have a material impact on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows.       Guarantees      In the ordinary
course of our business, WM and WM Holdings enter into guarantee agreements associated with their subsidiaries  operations. Additionally, WM and WM Holdings have each guaranteed all of the senior debt of the other entity. No additional
liabilities have been recorded for these intercompany guarantees because all of the underlying obligations are reflected in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.   
  We also have guaranteed the obligations and certain performance requirements of, and provided indemnification to, third
parties in connection with both consolidated and unconsolidated entities. Guarantee agreements outstanding as of September 30, 2016 (excluding those related to Wheelabrator obligations that are discussed below) include agreements guaranteeing
certain market value losses for approximately 875 homeowners  properties adjacent to or near 22 of our landfills. Our indemnification obligations generally arise from divestitures and provide that we will be responsible for liabilities
associated with our operations for events that occurred prior to the sale of the operations. Additionally, under certain of our acquisition agreements, we have provided for additional consideration to be paid to the sellers if established financial
targets or other market conditions are achieved post-closing and we have recognized liabilities for these contingent obligations based on an estimate of the fair value of these contingencies at the time of acquisition. We do not currently believe
that contingent obligations to provide indemnification or pay additional post-closing consideration in connection with our divestitures or acquisitions will have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows.      In December 2014, we sold our Wheelabrator business, which provides
waste-to-energy services and manages waste-to-energy facilities and independent power production plants. Before the divestiture of our Wheelabrator business, WM had guaranteed certain operational and financial performance obligations of Wheelabrator
and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. In conjunction with the divestiture, certain WM guarantees of Wheelabrator obligations were terminated, but others continued and are now guarantees of third-party
obligations. Wheelabrator is working with the various third-party beneficiaries to release WM from these guarantees, but until they are successful, WM has agreed to retain the guarantees and, in exchange, receive a credit support fee. The most
significant of these guarantees specifically define WM s maximum financial obligation over the course of the relevant agreements. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, WM s maximum future payments under these guarantees
were $106 million. WM s exposure under certain of the performance guarantees is variable and a maximum exposure is not defined. We have recorded the fair value of the operational and financial performance guarantees, some of which could extend
through 2038 if not terminated, in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The estimated fair value of WM s potential obligation associated with guarantees of Wheelabrator obligations (net of credit support fee) at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 was $12 million and $13 million, respectively. We currently do not expect the financial impact of such operational and financial performance guarantees to materially exceed the recorded fair value.   
         12   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
    Environmental Matters      A significant
portion of our operating costs and capital expenditures could be characterized as costs of environmental protection. The nature of our operations, particularly with respect to the construction, operation and maintenance of our landfills, subjects us
to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. Under current laws and regulations, we may have liabilities for environmental damage caused by our operations, or for damage caused by conditions that existed before
we acquired a site. In addition to remediation activity required by state or local authorities, such liabilities include potentially responsible party, or PRP, investigations. The costs associated with these liabilities can include settlements,
certain legal and consultant fees, as well as incremental internal and external costs directly associated with site investigation and clean-up.      Estimating our degree of responsibility for remediation is inherently difficult. We recognize and accrue for an estimated remediation liability when we determine that such liability is both probable and
reasonably estimable. Determining the method and ultimate cost of remediation requires that a number of assumptions be made. There can sometimes be a range of reasonable estimates of the costs associated with the likely site remediation alternatives
identified in the investigation of the extent of environmental impact. In these cases, we use the amount within the range that constitutes our best estimate. If no amount within a range appears to be a better estimate than any other, we use the
amount that is the low end of such range. If we used the high ends of such ranges, our aggregate potential liability would be approximately $143 million higher than the $253 million recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of
September 30, 2016. Our ultimate responsibility may differ materially from current estimates. It is possible that technological, regulatory or enforcement developments, the results of environmental studies, the inability to identify other PRPs,
the inability of other PRPs to contribute to the settlements of such liabilities, or other factors could require us to record additional liabilities. Our ongoing review of our remediation liabilities, in light of relevant internal and external facts
and circumstances, could result in revisions to our accruals that could cause upward or downward adjustments to income from operations. These adjustments could be material in any given period.   
  As of September 30, 2016, we had been notified by the government that we are a PRP in connection with 75 locations
listed on the EPA s Superfund National Priorities List, or NPL. Of the 75 sites at which claims have been made against us, 15 are sites we own. Each of the NPL sites we own was initially developed by others as a landfill disposal facility. At
each of these facilities, we are working in conjunction with the government to evaluate or remediate identified site problems, and we have either agreed with other legally liable parties on an arrangement for sharing the costs of remediation or are
working toward a cost-sharing agreement. We generally expect to receive any amounts due from other participating parties at or near the time that we make the remedial expenditures. The other 60 NPL sites, which we do not own, are at various
procedural stages under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, known as CERCLA or Superfund.      The majority of proceedings involving NPL sites that we do not own are based on allegations that certain of our subsidiaries (or their predecessors) transported hazardous substances to the sites, often
prior to our acquisition of these subsidiaries. CERCLA generally provides for liability for those parties owning, operating, transporting to or disposing at the sites. Proceedings arising under Superfund typically involve numerous waste generators
and other waste transportation and disposal companies and seek to allocate or recover costs associated with site investigation and remediation, which costs could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
statements. At some of the sites at which we have been identified as a PRP, our liability is well defined as a consequence of a governmental decision and an agreement among liable parties as to the share each will pay for implementing that remedy.
At other sites, where no remedy has been selected or the liable parties have been unable to agree on an appropriate allocation, our future costs are uncertain.      On September 28, 2016, the EPA announced a proposed remediation plan for the San Jacinto waste pits in Harris County, Texas, naming McGinnes Industrial Maintenance Corporation
( MIMC ), a subsidiary of WM, as a PRP. MIMC operated the waste pits from 1965 to 1966. In 1998, WM acquired the stock of the parent entity of   
         13   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

MIMC. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we increased our environmental remediation liability reserve by $42 million to record MIMC s estimated share of the
EPA s proposed remedy. The remedy and remedial design plan for the site are not yet final and are currently in a notice and comment period. MIMC disagrees with the proposed remedy put forth by the EPA and is continuing to focus on a
solution that it believes best protects the environment and public health. MIMC s ultimate liability could be materially different from current estimates. We remain an active participant in the EPA s process established to
evaluate and determine the appropriate remedy and remedial design plan for this site. As this site was never owned by the Company and never operated by MIMC while under the Company s ownership, the increase in this liability was recorded in
 Expense from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items  instead of  Operating  expenses in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. See Note 10 for further discussion.   
  Item 103 of the SEC s Regulation S-K requires disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental
authority is a party to the proceedings, or such proceedings are known to be contemplated, unless we reasonably believe that the matter will result in no monetary sanctions, or in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, of less than
$100,000. The following matter is disclosed in accordance with that requirement.      Waste
Management of Hawaii, Inc. ( WMHI ) may face civil claims from the Hawaii Department of Health and/or the EPA based upon water discharges at the Waimanalo Gulch Sanitary Landfill, which WMHI operates for the city and county of Honolulu,
following three major rainstorms in December 2010 and January 2011. We do not anticipate such claims could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.   
   Litigation      On March 26, 2015, the Company acquired Deffenbaugh Disposal, Inc.
( Deffenbaugh ). In May 2012 and December 2013, Deffenbaugh was named as a defendant in purported class actions filed in the United States District Court for the District of Kansas. These cases pertained to fuel, environmental and
base rate charges included on invoices, generally alleging that such charges were not properly disclosed, were unfair or were contrary to the customer service contracts. We have agreed on settlement terms for both cases. We have received preliminary
court approval and are anticipating final court approval in the fourth quarter of 2016. The settlements will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.   
  From time to time, we are also named as defendants in personal injury and property damage lawsuits, including purported
class actions, on the basis of having owned, operated or transported waste to a disposal facility that is alleged to have contaminated the environment or, in certain cases, on the basis of having conducted environmental remediation activities at
sites. Some of the lawsuits may seek to have us pay the costs of monitoring of allegedly affected sites and health care examinations of allegedly affected persons for a substantial period of time even where no actual damage is proven. While we
believe we have meritorious defenses to these lawsuits, the ultimate resolution is often substantially uncertain due to the difficulty of determining the cause, extent and impact of alleged contamination (which may have occurred over a long period
of time), the potential for successive groups of complainants to emerge, the diversity of the individual plaintiffs  circumstances, and the potential contribution or indemnification obligations of co-defendants or other third parties, among
other factors. Additionally, we often enter into agreements with landowners imposing obligations on us to meet certain regulatory or contractual conditions upon site closure or upon termination of the agreements. Compliance with these agreements
inherently involves subjective determinations and may result in disputes, including litigation.      As a large
company with operations across the United States and Canada, we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Many of these actions raise complex factual and legal issues and are
subject to uncertainties. Actions filed against us include commercial, customer, and employment-related claims, including purported class action lawsuits related to our sales and marketing practices and our customer service agreements and purported
class actions involving federal and state wage and hour and other laws. The plaintiffs in some actions seek unspecified damages or injunctive   
         14   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

relief, or both. These actions are in various procedural stages, and some are covered, in part, by insurance. We currently do not believe that the eventual outcome of any such actions could have
a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.      WM s charter and bylaws provide that WM shall indemnify against all liabilities and expenses, and upon request shall advance expenses to any person, who is subject to a pending or threatened
proceeding because such person is or was a director or officer of the Company. Such indemnification is required to the maximum extent permitted under Delaware law. Accordingly, the director or officer must execute an undertaking to reimburse the
Company for any fees advanced if it is later determined that the director or officer was not entitled to have such fees advanced under Delaware law. Additionally, the Company has direct contractual obligations to provide indemnification to each of
the members of WM s Board of Directors and each of our executive officers and senior vice presidents. The Company may incur substantial expenses in connection with the fulfillment of its advancement of costs and indemnification obligations in
connection with actions or proceedings that may be brought against its former or current officers, directors and employees.       Multiemployer Defined Benefit Pension Plans      About 20% of our workforce is covered by collective bargaining agreements with various local unions across the United States and
Canada. As a result of some of these agreements, certain of our subsidiaries are participating employers in a number of trustee-managed multiemployer defined benefit pension plans for the covered employees. In connection with our ongoing
renegotiation of various collective bargaining agreements, we may discuss and negotiate for the complete or partial withdrawal from one or more of these pension plans. A complete or partial withdrawal from a multiemployer defined benefit pension
plan may also occur if employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement vote to decertify a union from continuing to represent them. Any other circumstance resulting in a decline in Company contributions to a multiemployer defined benefit
pension plan through a reduction in the labor force, whether through attrition over time or through a business event (such as the discontinuation or nonrenewal of a customer contract, the decertification of a union, or relocation, reduction or
discontinuance of certain operations) may also trigger a complete or partial withdrawal from one or more of these pension plans.      We do not believe that any future liability for withdrawals from the multiemployer defined benefit pension plans to which we contribute will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or liquidity. However, liability for future withdrawals could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows for a particular reporting period, depending on the number of employees withdrawn and the financial
condition of the multiemployer defined benefit pension plan(s) at the time of such withdrawal(s).      In the
second quarter of 2015, we recognized a $55 million charge to  Operating  expenses associated with the withdrawal from the Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Plan and the Teamsters Employers Local 945 Pension Fund.
      Tax Matters      We participate in the IRS s Compliance Assurance Process,
which means we work with the IRS throughout the year in order to resolve any material issues prior to the filing of our annual tax return. We are currently in the examination phase of IRS audits for the tax years 2014, 2015 and 2016 and expect these
audits to be completed within the next nine, 12 and 21 months, respectively. We are also currently undergoing audits by various state and local jurisdictions for tax years that date back to 2009, with the exception of affirmative claims in a limited
number of jurisdictions that date back to 2000. We maintain a liability for uncertain tax positions, the balance of which management believes is adequate. Results of audit assessments by taxing authorities are not currently expected to have a
material adverse impact on our results of operations or cash flows.       

8.   
   Segment and Related Information         We evaluate, oversee and manage the financial performance of our Solid Waste subsidiaries through our 17 Areas. The 17 Areas constitute our operating segments and none of the Areas individually meet the
quantitative criteria to be a separate reportable segment. We have evaluated the aggregation criteria and concluded that, based on the similarities between our Areas, including the fact that our Solid Waste business is homogenous across
  
         15   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

geography with the same services offered across the Areas, aggregation of our Areas is appropriate for purposes of presenting our reportable segments. Accordingly, we have aggregated our 17 Areas
into three tiers that we believe have similar economic characteristics and future prospects based in large part on a review of the Areas  income from operations margins. The economic variations experienced by our Areas are attributable to a
variety of factors, including regulatory environment of the Area; economic environment of the Area, including level of commercial and industrial activity; population density; service offering mix and disposal logistics, with no one factor being
singularly determinative of an Area s current or future economic performance.      Annually, we analyze the
Areas  income from operations margins for purposes of segment reporting and in the fourth quarter of 2015, we realigned our Solid Waste tiers to reflect changes in their relative economic characteristics and prospects. These changes are the
results of various factors including acquisitions, divestments, business mix and the economic climate of various geographies. Reclassifications have been made to our prior period consolidated financial information in order to conform to the current
year presentation.      Tier 1 is now comprised of our operations across the Southern United States, with the
exception of Southern California and the Florida peninsula and also includes the New England states, the tri-state area of Michigan, Indiana and Ohio and Western Canada. Tier 2 includes Southern California, Eastern Canada, Wisconsin, Minnesota and a
portion of the lower Mid-Atlantic region of the United States. Tier 3 encompasses all the remaining operations including the Pacific Northwest and Northern California, the majority of the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States, the Florida
peninsula, Illinois and Missouri.      The operating segments not evaluated and overseen through the 17 Areas are
presented herein as  Other  as these operating segments do not meet the criteria to be aggregated with other operating segments and do not meet the quantitative criteria to be separately reported.   
         16   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
   Summarized financial information concerning our reportable segments is
shown in the following table (in millions):       
 
         17   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

Fluctuations in our operating results may be caused by many factors, including
period-to-period changes in the relative contribution of revenue by each line of business, changes in commodity prices and by general economic conditions. In addition, our revenues and income from operations typically reflect seasonal patterns. Our
operating revenues tend to be somewhat higher in summer months, primarily due to the higher volume of construction and demolition waste. The volumes of industrial and residential waste in certain regions where we operate also tend to increase during
the summer months. Our second and third quarter revenues and results of operations typically reflect these seasonal trends.      Service disruptions caused by severe storms, extended periods of inclement weather or climate extremes can significantly affect the operating results of the affected Areas. On the other hand, certain
destructive weather conditions that tend to occur during the second half of the year, such as the hurricanes that most often impact our operations in the Southern and Eastern United States, can actually increase our revenues in the areas affected.
While weather-related and other  one-time  occurrences can boost revenues through additional work for a limited time, as a result of significant start-up costs and other factors, such revenue can generate earnings at comparatively lower
margins.       

9.   
   Acquisitions          Southern Waste Systems/Sun Recycling ( SWS )    On January 8, 2016, Waste Management Inc. of Florida, a wholly-owned subsidiary of WM, acquired certain operations and
business assets of SWS in Southern   
         18   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

Florida for total consideration of $525 million. The acquired business assets include residential, commercial, and industrial solid waste collection, processing/recycling and transfer operations,
equipment, vehicles, real estate and customer agreements. The acquisition was funded primarily with borrowings under our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility.     We recorded $93 million of property and equipment, $182 million of other intangible assets and $250 million of goodwill. The acquisition accounting for this transaction was finalized in the third quarter
of 2016. There were no significant measurement period adjustments recorded in 2016. The goodwill allocation was calculated as the excess of the consideration paid over the net assets recognized and represents the future economic benefits expected to
arise from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. Goodwill has been assigned to our Florida Area as it is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Goodwill related to this
acquisition is deductible for income tax purposes.      The following table presents the final allocation of the
purchase price for SWS to other intangible assets (amounts in millions, except for amortization periods):       
    For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the acquired operations of SWS
contributed revenues of $36 million and $112 million, respectively, which are included in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The acquired operations have not materially affected our  Consolidated net income  for the
reported periods.       Deffenbaugh Disposal, Inc.      On March 26, 2015, we
acquired Deffenbaugh, one of the largest privately owned collection and disposal firms in the Midwest, for total consideration, net of cash acquired, of $400 million. Deffenbaugh s assets include collection operations, transfer stations,
recycling facilities and landfills. The acquisition accounting for this transaction was finalized in the first quarter of 2016. There were no significant measurement period adjustments recorded in 2016.   
  The following pro forma consolidated results of operations have been prepared as if the acquisitions of Deffenbaugh and
SWS occurred at January 1, 2015 (in millions, except per share amounts):       
 
         19   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

10.   
   Asset Impairments and Unusual Items           Expense from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items        During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized net charges of $107 million primarily related to (i) a $43 million charge to impair a landfill in Western Pennsylvania due to a loss of
expected volumes; (ii) a $42 million charge to adjust our subsidiary s estimated environmental remediation liability for a closed site in Harris County, Texas, as further discussed in Note 7; (iii) a $10 million goodwill impairment charge
associated with our LampTracker      reporting unit and (iv) an $8 million loss on the sale of a majority-owned
organics company.      During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized net charges of $17 million,
including $18 million of charges to write down or divest of certain assets in our recycling operations and a $5 million impairment charge related to a landfill in our Western Canada Area. Partially offsetting these charges was a $6 million gain on
the sale of an oil and gas producing property.        Other income (expense)     
  During the second quarter of 2016, we recognized $41 million of impairments to write down minority-owned investments in
waste diversion technology companies to their fair value. These charges are recorded in  Other, net  in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations.       

11.   
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)         The changes in the balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, which is included as a component of Waste Management, Inc. stockholders  equity, are as
follows (in millions, with amounts in parentheses representing decreases to accumulated other comprehensive income):       
    The amounts of other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications associated with
the effective portion of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are as follows (in millions):       
 
         20   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
   The significant amounts reclassified out of each component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with our cash flow hedges are as follows (in millions, with amounts in parentheses representing debits to the statement of operations classification):   

12.   
   Common Stock Repurchase Program         Our share repurchases have been authorized by our Board of Directors. The Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase ( ASR ) agreement in December 2015 to repurchase $150 million of
our common stock in early 2016. In January 2016, we delivered $150 million in cash and received 2.0 million shares based on a stock price of $53.37. The ASR agreement completed in February 2016, at which time we received 0.9 million additional
shares based on a final weighted average per share purchase price during the repurchase period of $53.15.     In
March 2016, the Company entered into an ASR agreement to repurchase $100 million of our common stock. At the beginning of the ASR repurchase period, we delivered $100 million in cash and received 1.2 million shares based on a stock price of
$56.95. The ASR agreement completed in April 2016, at which time we received 0.5 million additional shares based on a final weighted average per share purchase price during the repurchase period of $58.33.   
  In May 2016, the Company entered into an ASR agreement to repurchase $250 million of our common stock. At the beginning of
the ASR repurchase period, we delivered $250 million in cash and received 3.3 million shares based on a stock price of $60.49. The ASR agreement completed in August 2016, at which time we received 0.5 million additional shares based on a final
weighted average per share price during the repurchase period of $64.67.      After completion of these ASRs, the
Company has Board authorization remaining for $650 million of future share repurchases. Any future share repurchases pursuant to such authorization will be made at the discretion of management.   
  Each ASR agreement was accounted for as two separate transactions: (i) as shares of reacquired common stock for the shares
delivered to us upon effectiveness of the ASR agreements and (ii) as a forward contract indexed to our own common stock for the undelivered shares. The initial delivery of shares is included in treasury stock at cost, and resulted in an immediate
reduction of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share. The forward contracts indexed to our own stock met the criteria for equity classification, and these
amounts are initially recorded in additional paid-in capital and reclassified to treasury stock upon completion of the ASR agreement.   
         21   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

13.   
   Fair Value Measurements      
    Assets and Liabilities Accounted for at Fair Value     
  Our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis include the following (in millions):

(a)  
    When available, Level 3 investments have been measured based on third-party investors  recent or pending transactions in these securities,
which are considered the best evidence of fair value. When this evidence is not available, we use other valuation techniques as appropriate and available. These valuation methodologies may include transactions in similar instruments, discounted cash
flow analysis, third-party appraisals or industry multiples and public comparables. There has not been any significant change in the fair value of the redeemable preferred stock since our assessment at December 31, 2015.

(b)  
    In March 2016, we terminated our foreign currency derivatives. Refer to Note 4 for additional information.      
    Fair Value of Debt        At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying value of our debt was approximately $9.3 billion and $8.9 billion, respectively.   
  The estimated fair value of our debt was approximately $10.1 billion and $9.2 billion at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. The fair value of our fixed-rate debt is estimated using discounted cash   
         22   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

flow analysis, based on current market rates for similar types of instruments. The carrying value of our variable-rate debt approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of the interest
rates. The increase in the fair value of our debt when comparing September 30, 2016 with December 31, 2015 is primarily related to $326 million of net borrowings during 2016, as well as recent decreases in long-term interest rates.
     Although we have determined the estimated fair value amounts using available market information and commonly
accepted valuation methodologies, considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, our estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that we, or holders of the instruments,
could realize in a current market exchange. The use of different assumptions and/or estimation methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair values. The fair value estimates are based on Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy
available as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. These amounts have not been revalued since those dates, and current estimates of fair value could differ significantly from the amounts presented.   

14.   
   Variable Interest Entities         Following is a description of our financial interests in variable interest entities that we consider significant, including (i) those that represent a significant interest in an unconsolidated entity and
(ii) trusts for final capping, closure, post-closure or environmental remediation obligations.        Significant
Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities        We have significant financial interests in entities
established to invest in and manage low-income housing properties and a refined coal facility. We support the operations of these entities in exchange for a pro-rata share of the tax credits they generate. We have determined we are not the
primary beneficiary of these entities as we do not have the power to individually direct the activities of these entities. Accordingly, we account for these investments under the equity method of accounting and do not consolidate them. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our aggregate investment balance in these two entities was $90 million and $110 million, respectively. The debt balance related to our investment in low-income housing properties was $63 million and
$80 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Additional information related to these investments is discussed in Note 5.        Trusts for Final Capping, Closure, Post-Closure or Environmental Remediation Obligations        We have significant financial interests in trust funds that were created to settle certain of our final capping, closure, post-closure or environmental remediation obligations. Generally, we are the sole
beneficiary of these restricted balances; however, certain of the funds have been established for the benefit of both the Company and the host community in which we operate. We have determined that these trust funds are variable interest entities;
however, we are not the primary beneficiary of certain of these entities because either (i) we do not have the power to direct the significant activities of the trusts or (ii) power over the trusts  significant activities is shared.   
  We account for the trusts for which we are the sole beneficiary as long-term  Other assets  in our Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets. We reflect our interests in the unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities held by these trusts as a component of  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  These trusts had a fair value
of $96 million and $94 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Our interests in the trusts that have been established for the benefit of both the Company and the host community in which we operate are accounted for as
investments in unconsolidated entities and receivables. These amounts are recorded in  Other receivables,   Investments in unconsolidated entities  and long-term  Other assets  in our Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets, as appropriate. Our investments and receivables related to these trusts had an aggregate carrying value of $96 million and $93 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   
         23   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
   As the party with primary responsibility to fund the related final
capping, closure, post-closure or environmental remediation activities, we are exposed to risk of loss as a result of potential changes in the fair value of the assets of the trust. Although we are exposed to changes in the fair value of the trust
assets, we currently expect the trust funds to continue to meet the statutory requirements for which they were established.   
         24   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

15.   
   Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements         WM Holdings has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of WM s senior indebtedness. WM has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of WM Holdings  senior indebtedness. None of WM s other
subsidiaries have guaranteed any of WM s or WM Holdings  debt. As a result of these guarantee arrangements, we are required to present the following condensed consolidating financial information (in millions):   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS        September 30, 2016        (Unaudited)    

(a)  
    In conjunction with the preparation of our June 30, 2016 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet, we identified and corrected the presentation of $126
million of tax-exempt bonds previously reported in Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries  rather than WM s  Long-term debt, less current portion,  which had corresponding impacts on  Advances to affiliates  and  Due to
affiliates.  This immaterial correction has been reflected in our current year Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements.      
         25   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)    
   December 31, 2015        

(b)  
    In conjunction with the preparation of our September 30, 2016 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet, we identified $5.9 billion of intercompany
loans between WM and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries previously included in  Due to affiliates  and  Advances to affiliates  that based on intent are not expected to be collected, and as such are being presented as part of
 Equity  in WM s and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries  balance sheet. Accordingly, the 2015 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet included herein has been revised to reflect this presentation.      
         26   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016        (Unaudited)        
     Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
   (Unaudited)        
 
         27   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)    
   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016        (Unaudited)        
 
         28   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    
   (Unaudited)        
 
         29   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    
   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016        (Unaudited)        

(c)  
    Cash receipts and payments of WM and WM Holdings are transacted by Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries.      
         30   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)    
   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015        (Unaudited)        

(d)  
    Cash receipts and payments of WM and WM Holdings are transacted by Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. We have revised the prior year presentation to
reflect all relevant cash flow activities in the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries column.      
         31   

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.    
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    

16.   
   New Accounting Standards Pending Adoption          Statement of Cash Flows          In August 2016, the FASB issued amended authoritative guidance associated with the classification of certain cash receipts and cash
payments on the statement of cash flows. The amended guidance addresses specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice. The amended guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, with early
adoption permitted. We do not currently expect that the adoption of this amended guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.       Financial Instrument Credit Losses          In June 2016, the FASB issued amended authoritative guidance associated with the measurement of credit losses on financial
instruments. The amended guidance replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) of recognizing credit losses when a loss is probable, with a methodology that
reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to assess credit loss estimates. The amended guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2020, with early adoption
permitted beginning January 1, 2019. We are assessing the provisions of the amended guidance and evaluating the timing and impact on our consolidated financial statements.   
   Stock Compensation          In March 2016, the FASB issued amended authoritative
guidance associated with stock-based employee compensation as part of its simplification initiative to reduce the cost and complexity of compliance with GAAP while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided. The amended
guidance changes both the accounting and financial reporting for certain income tax impacts of stock-based employee compensation. All excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies will be required to be recognized as an income tax benefit or expense
rather than as a component of equity. The guidance also provides for changes in the calculation of forfeitures related to the expense of stock-based employee compensation. The amended guidance is effective for the Company on January 1,
2017. We do not currently expect that the adoption of this amended guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.       Leases      In February 2016, the FASB issued amended authoritative guidance associated with lease accounting. The amended guidance requires the recognition of lease assets
and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases with terms in excess of 12 months and currently classified as operating leases. The disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements will also be required. The amended
guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are in the process of assessing the provisions of the amended guidance and evaluating the timing and impact on our consolidated financial statements and
disclosures.       Financial Instruments      In January 2016, the FASB issued amended
authoritative guidance associated with the recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities. The amended guidance will require certain equity investments that are not consolidated to be measured at fair value with changes in fair
value recognized in net income rather than as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amended guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We do not currently expect that the
adoption of this amended guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.   
   Revenue Recognition      In May 2014, the FASB issued amended authoritative guidance associated
with revenue recognition. The amended guidance requires companies to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in
exchange for those goods or services. Additionally, the amendments will require enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding customer contracts. The amended guidance associated with revenue recognition is effective for the Company on
January 1, 2018. The amended guidance may be applied retrospectively for all periods presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the amended guidance recognized at the date of initial adoption. We have formed an
implementation work team and completed training on the new standard. We are in the process of reviewing our contractual arrangements. We have not determined whether the adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
  
         32   

Item 2.   
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.         
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes
thereto included under Item 1 and our Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015.      In an effort to keep our stockholders and the public informed about our
business, we may make  forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues, earnings, cash flows or other aspects of our operations or operating results. Forward-looking
statements are often identified by the words,  will,   may,   should,   continue,   anticipate,   believe,   expect,   plan,   forecast,   project, 
 estimate,   intend,  and words of a similar nature and generally include statements containing:       

projections about accounting and finances;          

plans and objectives for the future;          

projections or estimates about assumptions relating to our performance; or      

our opinions, views or beliefs about the effects of current or future events, circumstances or performance.      
  You should view these statements with caution. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, circumstances or
events. They are based on facts and circumstances known to us as of the date the statements are made. All aspects of our business are subject to uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which we do not control. Any of these factors, either
alone or taken together, could have a material adverse effect on us and could change whether any forward-looking statement ultimately turns out to be true. Additionally, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of
future events, circumstances or developments.      Some of the risks that we believe could affect our business and
financial statements for 2016 and beyond and that could cause actual results to be materially different from those that may be set forth in forward-looking statements made by the Company include the following:   

competition may negatively affect our profitability or cash flows, our pricing strategy may have negative effects on volumes, and inability to
execute our pricing strategy while retaining and attracting customers may negatively affect our average yield on collection and disposal business;          

we may fail in implementing or maintaining our cost saving, optimization and growth initiatives and overall business strategy, which could adversely
impact our financial performance and growth, and implementation of our initiatives and strategy may have associated negative consequences, such as fragmentation of efforts, increased indebtedness, asset impairments, business disruption, employee
distraction, and regulatory issues;          

a key element of our strategy is yield management through focus on price leadership, which has presented challenges to keep existing business and
win new business at reasonable returns; the loss of volumes as a result of price increases and our unwillingness to pursue lower margin volumes may negatively affect our cash flows or results of operations;      

we may be unable to identify desirable acquisition targets, negotiate advantageous transactions or realize the benefits expected from such
transactions, which could adversely impact our growth strategy, earnings and cash flow;          

compliance with existing or future regulations may impact our business by, among other things, restricting our operations, increasing costs of
operations or requiring additional capital expenditures;          

possible changes in our estimates of costs for site remediation requirements, final capping, closure and post-closure obligations, compliance and
regulatory developments may increase our expenses and future cash outflows;          

certain materials processed by our recycling operations are subject to significant commodity price fluctuations, as are methane gas, electricity and
other energy-related products marketed and sold by our      
         33   

landfill gas recovery operations; fluctuations in commodity prices may have negative effects on our operating results;      

changes in oil and gas prices and drilling activity, and changes in applicable regulations, could adversely affect our Energy Services business;

increasing customer preference for alternatives to traditional disposal, government mandates supporting diversion of waste and recycling and
prohibiting disposal of certain types of waste, and overall reduction of waste generated could continue to have a negative effect on volumes of waste going to our landfills;      

developments in technology could trigger a fundamental change in the waste management industry, as waste streams are increasingly viewed as a
resource, which may adversely impact volumes at our landfills and our profitability;          

our existing and proposed service offerings to customers may require that we develop or license, and protect, new technologies; and our inability to
obtain or protect new technologies could impact our services to customers and development of new revenue sources;          

we are investing in emerging technologies to provide disposal alternatives; such emerging technologies may not perform as intended or may experience
other difficulties or delays that prevent us from realizing a return on our investment;          

adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities by our operations, employees or agents could tarnish our reputation and reduce
the value of our brand;          

there is a risk of incurring significant environmental liabilities in the use, treatment, storage, transfer and disposal of waste materials; any
substantial liability for environmental damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and cash flows;          

weak economic conditions may negatively affect the volumes of waste generated and demand for post-consumer fiber and metals processed by our
recycling operations;          

some of our customers, including governmental entities, have suffered financial difficulties that could affect our business and operating results,
due to their credit risk and the impact of the municipal debt market on remarketing of our tax-exempt bonds;          

if we are unable to obtain and maintain permits needed to open, operate, and/or expand our facilities, our results of operations will be negatively
impacted;          

diesel fuel price increases or diesel fuel supply shortages may increase our expenses and restrict our ability to operate;

we are increasingly dependent on the availability of natural gas and fueling infrastructure and vulnerable to natural gas prices; difficulty
obtaining natural gas and increases in natural gas prices could increase our operating costs;          

problems with the operation of current information technology or the development and deployment of new information systems could decrease our
efficiencies and increase our costs;          

a cybersecurity incident could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers;      

efforts by labor unions to organize our employees may increase operating expenses and we may be unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining
agreements with those who have chosen to be represented by unions, which could lead to labor disruptions, including strikes and lock-outs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows;      

we could face significant liability for withdrawal from multiemployer pension plans;      

we are subject to operational and safety risks; such risks could potentially result in injury or death of employees and others, a need to shut down
or reduce operation of facilities, increased operating expense and exposure to liability for pollution and other environmental damage, and property damage or destruction;      
         34   

increased costs for financial assurance or the inadequacy of our insurance coverage could negatively impact our liquidity and increase our
liabilities;          

possible charges as a result of shut-down operations, uncompleted development or expansion projects or other events may negatively affect earnings;

we may reduce or suspend capital expenditures, acquisition activity, dividend declarations or share repurchases if we suffer a significant reduction
in cash flows;          

we may be unable to incur future indebtedness to support our growth and development plans or to refinance our debt obligations, including near-term
maturities, on terms consistent with current borrowings, and higher interest rates and market conditions may increase our expense;          

climate change legislation, including possible limits on carbon emissions, may negatively impact our results of operations by increasing expenses;

weather conditions and one-time special projects cause our results to fluctuate, and harsh weather or natural disasters may cause us to temporarily
suspend operations; these seasonal or event driven items can result in interim variations in our results;          

we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, and our reputation could be adversely affected, if our business, or third parties with whom
we have relationships, were to fail to comply with United States or foreign laws or regulations;          

negative outcomes of litigation or threatened litigation or governmental proceedings may increase our costs, limit our ability to conduct or expand
our operations, or limit our ability to execute our business plans and strategies; and          

the adoption of new accounting standards or interpretations may cause fluctuations in reported quarterly results of operations or adversely impact
our reported results of operations.          

General   
           Our
principal executive offices are located at 1001 Fannin Street, Houston, Texas 77002. Our telephone number is (713) 512-6200. Our website address is www.wm.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on
Form 8-K are all available, free of charge, on our website as soon as practicable after we file the reports with the SEC. Our stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol  WM.    
  We are North America s leading provider of comprehensive waste management environmental services. We partner with our
residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers and the communities we serve to manage and reduce waste at each stage from collection to disposal, while recovering valuable resources and creating clean, renewable energy. Our  Solid
Waste  business is operated and managed locally by our subsidiaries that focus on distinct geographic areas and provides collection, transfer, recycling and resource recovery, and disposal services. Our  Traditional Solid Waste 
business excludes our recycling and resource recovery services. Through our subsidiaries, we are also a leading developer, operator and owner of landfill gas-to-energy facilities in the United States.   
    Overview        Our Company s goals are targeted at serving our customers, our employees, the environment, the communities in which we work and our stockholders, and achievement of our goals is intended to meet the
needs of a changing industry. Our Company and others have recognized the value of the traditional waste stream as a potential resource. Increasingly, customers want more of their waste materials recovered, while waste streams are becoming more
complex, and our aim is to address, and anticipate, the current, expanding and evolving needs of our customers. Accomplishment of our goals will grow our Company and allow us to meet the needs of our customers and communities as they, too, Think
Green     .      We believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers  waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more
  
         35   

sustainable future. As the waste industry leader, we have the expertise necessary to collect and handle our customers  waste efficiently and responsibly by delivering environmental
performance   maximizing resource value, while minimizing environmental impact   so that both our economy and our environment can thrive. Drawing on our resources and experience, we also pursue projects and initiatives
that benefit the waste industry, the customers and communities we serve and the environment.      We remain
dedicated to providing long-term value to our stockholders by successfully executing our strategy: to know and service our customers better than anyone in our industry, to extract more value from the materials we manage, and to innovate and optimize
our business. We plan to accomplish our strategic goals through competitive advantages derived from operational improvements and focused differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets. While
we will continue to monitor emerging diversion technologies that may generate additional value, our current attention will be on improving existing diversion technologies, such as our recycling operations.   
  In pursuit of these long-term goals, we recognize that we must grow the business, and do so as efficiently and cost
effectively as possible. Accordingly, we are focusing on the following five key Company priorities:       

Customers: provide the best possible service to our customers;      

Solid Waste Business: continuously improve our operational performance;      

Growth: take advantage of opportunities in our current business, as well as considering attractive acquisition opportunities;

Yield Management: remain focused on price leadership while considering competitive dynamics; and      

Costs: minimize both operating costs and selling, general and administrative expenses.      
  We believe that execution of our strategy through these key priorities will drive continued financial performance and
leadership in a dynamic industry.      Key items of our financial results for the current quarter include:

Revenues of $3,548 million compared with $3,360 million in the third quarter of 2015, an increase of $188 million, or 5.6%. This increase is
primarily attributable to (i) the combined impact of yield and volume growth, which contributed $127 million of additional revenues, primarily in our collection and disposal and recycling operations and (ii) acquisitions, net of divestitures, which
contributed $60 million of revenue growth, primarily due to the acquisition of certain operations and business assets of SWS in January 2016;          

Operating expenses of $2,216 million, or 62.5% of revenues, compared with $2,095 million, or 62.4% of revenues, in the third quarter of 2015. This
increase of $121 million is primarily attributable to (i) incremental costs attributable to acquired businesses, primarily the SWS operations; (ii) higher volumes; (iii) increased landfill leachate disposal costs; (iv) increased cost of goods sold,
primarily related to higher recyclable commodity prices and (v) merit and employee benefit cost increases. These increases were partially offset by lower fuel costs, primarily due to lower year-over-year average fuel prices;

Selling, general and administrative expenses remained flat at $330 million, but declined to 9.3% of revenues compared with 9.8% of revenues in the
third quarter of 2015;          

Income from operations was $560 million, or 15.8% of revenues, compared with $601 million, or 17.9% of revenues, in the third quarter of 2015. Our
current quarter earnings and margins were negatively affected by the recognition of $106 million of pre-tax charges recorded in  Expense from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items , which are discussed below; and

Net income attributable to Waste Management, Inc. of $302 million, or $0.68 per diluted share, compared with $335 million, or $0.74 per diluted
share, in the third quarter of 2015. Our current quarter net income and diluted earnings per share were also negatively affected by the charges recorded in  Expense from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items , which are
discussed below.      
         36   

As noted above, the comparability of our results of
operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 with the prior year period has been negatively affected by the recognition of $106 million of pre-tax charges in the current quarter. These charges are reported in the  Expense from
divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items  caption of our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. These charges reduced our current quarter  Net income attributable to Waste Management, Inc.  by $72 million, or $0.16
per diluted share. These after-tax charges primarily included (i) a $26 million impairment due to a loss of expected volumes for a landfill; (ii) a $26 million increase in a subsidiary s estimated environmental remediation liability related to
a closed site in Harris County, Texas; (iii) a $10 million loss on the sale of a majority-owned organics company and (iv) an $8 million goodwill impairment associated with our LampTracker      reporting unit.        Free Cash Flow
       As is our practice, we are presenting free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP measure of liquidity, in our
disclosures because we use this measure in the evaluation and management of our business. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other
assets (net of cash divested). We believe it is indicative of our ability to pay our quarterly dividends, repurchase common stock, fund acquisitions and other investments and, in the absence of refinancings, to repay our debt obligations. Free cash
flow is not intended to replace  Net cash provided by operating activities,  which is the most comparable GAAP measure. However, we believe free cash flow gives investors useful insight into how we view our liquidity. Nevertheless, the use
of free cash flow as a liquidity measure has material limitations because it excludes certain expenditures that are required or that we have committed to, such as declared dividend payments and debt service requirements.   
  Our calculation of free cash flow and reconciliation to  Net cash provided by operating activities,  is shown in
the table below (in millions), and may not be calculated the same as similarly-titled measures presented by other companies:       
    Our cash flows from operating activities increased $96 million and $235 million for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were both impacted by higher earnings from our Traditional Solid Waste business;
offset in part by the unfavorable changes in our assets and liabilities, net of effects from business acquisitions and divestitures. The three month period-to-period change benefited from (i) a payment in the third quarter of 2015 associated
with the withdrawal from an underfunded multiemployer pension plan and (ii) lower income tax payments in the current quarter. Additionally, the nine month period-to-period change benefited from (i) cash proceeds from the termination of our
cross currency swaps in the first quarter of 2016 and (ii) lower annual incentive plan cash payments in the current year; which were offset, in part, by higher income tax payments in the current year.  
  Capital expenditures were essentially flat for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period
and $98 million higher for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. The increase in our capital expenditures in 2016 is generally the result of additional spending on new business opportunities and
acquisitions, growth in our existing business, asset replacement timing and the construction of a waste-water treatment facility at one of our landfills. Although we experienced an increase in capital expenditures in the current year, the
Company continues to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management.  
         37   

Acquisitions     
   Southern Waste Systems/Sun Recycling ( SWS )    On January 8, 2016, Waste Management Inc.
of Florida, a wholly-owned subsidiary of WM, acquired certain operations and business assets of Southern Waste Systems/Sun Recycling ( SWS ) in Southern Florida for total consideration of $525 million. The acquired business assets include
residential, commercial, and industrial solid waste collection, processing/recycling and transfer operations, equipment, vehicles, real estate and customer agreements. The acquisition was funded primarily with borrowings under our long-term U.S.
revolving credit facility ( $2.25 billion revolving credit facility ). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the acquired operations of SWS contributed revenues of $36 million and $112 million, respectively, which are
included in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.      Deffenbaugh Disposal,
Inc.      On March 26, 2015, we acquired Deffenbaugh Disposal, Inc. ( Deffenbaugh ), one of the largest privately owned collection and disposal firms in the Midwest, for total consideration, net of cash
acquired, of $400 million. Deffenbaugh s assets include collection operations, transfer stations, recycling facilities and landfills.        Adoption of New Accounting Standards         Debt
Issuance Costs      In April 2015, and as subsequently amended, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued amended authoritative guidance associated with debt issuance costs which were previously
presented as assets related to recognized debt liabilities. The amended guidance requires that debt issuance costs, other than those costs related to line of credit arrangements, be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
related debt liability, which is similar to the presentation for debt discounts and premiums. This guidance was effective for the Company on January 1, 2016. The Company s adoption of this guidance was applied retrospectively and resulted in a
reclassification of $52 million of such costs in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2015.       Consolidation          In February 2015, the FASB issued amended authoritative guidance associated with consolidation. The amended guidance makes changes to
existing consolidation requirements associated with the analysis a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities, including limited partnerships and variable interest entities. The guidance
was effective for the Company on January 1, 2016. The Company s adoption of this guidance did not impact our consolidated financial statements.        Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions        In
preparing our financial statements, we make numerous estimates and assumptions that affect the accounting for and recognition and disclosure of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses. We must make these estimates and assumptions because
certain information that we use is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with precision from available data or simply cannot be calculated. In some cases, these estimates are difficult to determine and we must exercise significant
judgment. In preparing our financial statements, the most difficult, subjective and complex estimates and the assumptions that present the greatest amount of uncertainty relate to our accounting for landfills, environmental remediation liabilities,
asset impairments, deferred income taxes and reserves associated with our insured and self-insured claims, as described in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Actual results could differ materially from the
estimates and assumptions that we use in the preparation of our financial statements.   
         38   

Results   
   of Operations      
    Operating Revenues     
  We evaluate, oversee and manage the financial performance of our Solid Waste business subsidiaries
through our 17 Areas. We also provide additional services that are not managed through our Solid Waste business, including both our Strategic Business Solutions ( WMSBS ) and Energy and Environmental Services organizations, recycling
brokerage services, landfill gas-to-energy services and expanded service offerings and solutions. We also offer portable self-storage and long-distance moving services through a joint venture; fluorescent bulb and universal waste mail-back through
our LampTracker      program; portable restroom servicing under the name Port-o-Let     ; and street and parking lot sweeping services. In addition, we hold interests in oil and gas producing properties.
These operations are presented as  Other  in the table below. The following table summarizes revenues during each period (in millions):       
    The mix of operating revenues from our major lines of business is reflected in the table
below (in millions):       
 
         39   

The following table provides details associated with the period-to-period
change in revenues (dollars in millions) along with an explanation of the significant components of the current period changes:       

(a)  
    Calculated by dividing the amount of current period increase or decrease by the prior period s total Company revenue adjusted to exclude the
impacts of divestitures for the current period ($3,355 million and $9,687 million for the three and nine months, respectively).      

(b)  
    The amounts reported herein represent the changes in our revenue attributable to average yield for the total Company. We also analyze the changes in
average yield in terms of related business revenues in order to differentiate the changes in yield attributable to our pricing strategies from the changes that are caused by market-driven price changes in commodities. The following table summarizes
changes in revenues from average yield on a related business basis (dollars in millions):          

(i)  
    Calculated by dividing the increase or decrease for the current period by the prior period s related business revenue, adjusted to exclude the
impacts of divestitures for the current period.         Our revenues increased $188 million, or
5.6%, and $434 million, or 4.5%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods. Our revenue increases were driven by (i) acquisitions, including the operations acquired from SWS in
January 2016 and Deffenbaugh in March 2015; (ii) revenue growth from yield on our collection and disposal operations; (iii) higher volumes and (iv) higher commodity prices, particularly during the third quarter of 2016. Partially offsetting these
revenue increases were (i) lower revenues from our fuel surcharges program due to lower year-over-year fuel costs; (ii) divestitures and (iii) foreign currency translation for the nine-month period, which affects revenues from our Canadian
operations.   
         40   

The following provides further details associated with our period-to-period
change in revenues:       Average yield    
   Collection and disposal average yield      This measure reflects the effect on our revenue from
the pricing activities of our collection, transfer and landfill operations, exclusive of volume changes. Revenue growth from collection and disposal average yield includes not only base rate changes and environmental and service fee increases, but
also (i) certain average price changes related to the overall mix of services, which are due to the types of services provided; (ii) changes in average price from new and lost business and (iii) rollbacks to retain customers. Revenue growth from
collection and disposal average yield was $60 million, or 2.1%, and $206 million, or 2.4%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods.   
  We experienced growth in all of our collection and disposal lines of business in the current periods. The details are as
follows (dollars in millions):       
    Revenues from our environmental fee contributed $19 million and $53 million for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, to our collection and disposal average yield.   
   Recycling commodities      Our revenues increased $25 million when comparing the three months
ended September 30, 2016 with the prior year period as a result of an 11% increase in the prices of the recycling commodities we sell at our recycling facilities and through our brokerage business. This is the second consecutive quarter we have seen
revenues increase due to higher recyclable commodity prices. Commodity prices also increased almost 2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the prior year period, which resulted in a revenue increase of $7 million.   
   Fuel surcharges and mandated fees          These revenues, which are predominantly
generated by our fuel surcharge program, decreased $11 million and $67 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with the prior year periods. These revenues fluctuate in response to changes in the
national average prices for diesel fuel on which our surcharge is based. Market prices for fuel decreased approximately 9% and 19% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods, which
caused a decline in our fuel surcharge revenues.      The mandated fees included in this line item are primarily
related to pass-through fees and taxes assessed by various state, county and municipal government agencies at our landfills and transfer stations. These fees were flat when comparing the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the prior
year periods.       Volume       Our revenue increased $53 million, or 1.6%, and $122 million, or 1.3%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods due to higher
volumes. The year-over-  
         41   

year comparison does not include volumes from acquisitions, which are discussed below. Overall, we experienced higher volumes as a result of (i) improving market conditions; (ii) reduced customer
churn and focus on disciplined growth and (iii) an additional workday in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Revenue increases due to higher volumes were attributable to (i) industrial collection; (ii) municipal solid waste; (iii) construction
and demolition, and special waste landfill businesses and (iv) transfer station business. In addition, we saw revenue increases due to higher volumes in our commercial collection business this quarter.   
  Additional drivers affecting the comparability of volumes for the periods presented are as follows:   

Due to our focus on renegotiating existing contracts and winning new contracts with reasonable returns, we continue to see revenue declines in our
residential business.          

In our ancillary service businesses, we experienced slight revenue increases for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared with the prior
year period resulting from higher volumes in our Energy and Environmental Service organization, particularly our remediation and construction services and our portable self-storage businesses. These volume increases were almost entirely offset by
lower volumes resulting from lower oil prices, which negatively affected both our oil and gas producing properties and our oilfield services business.          Acquisitions and divestitures      Revenues increased $65
million and $221 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods, principally due to the SWS operations acquired in January 2016. Additionally, the Deffenbaugh operations acquired
in March 2015 also contributed to the revenue increases for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These revenues were partially offset by revenue decreases due to divestitures of $5 million and $28 million for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods.        Operating Expenses     
  The following table summarizes the major components of our operating expenses, for the three and nine months ended
September 30 (dollars in millions), with significant changes in our operating expenses discussed below:       
    Our operating expenses increased $121 million, or 5.8%, and increased $135 million,
or 2.2%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods. Our operating expenses as a percentage of revenues increased to 62.5% in the third quarter of 2016 from 62.4% in the third
quarter of 2015, and decreased to 62.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 63.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
         42   

We experienced higher current year operating costs for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the prior year periods related to:       

Acquisitions, including the operations acquired from Deffenbaugh in March 2015 and SWS in January 2016, which increased costs in substantially all
categories;          

Higher volumes in the current year periods, as discussed above in  Operating Revenues . The most significant cost increases were in the (i)
Transfer and disposal; (ii) Subcontractor and (iii) Disposal and franchise fees and taxes cost categories; and          

Merit increases and higher group insurance, which increased costs in the Labor and related benefits and Maintenance and repairs categories.
        Other significant items affecting the comparability of the costs for the periods presented
include:       Labor and related benefits      A $55 million charge associated with the
withdrawal from certain underfunded multiemployer pension plans in the second quarter of 2015 substantially offset the nine month period-to-period increase due to acquisitions, merit increases and higher group insurance.   
   Cost of goods sold      The increase in costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was
primarily driven by higher recyclable commodity prices.      Fuel      The decrease in
fuel expense in the current year periods when compared to the prior year periods was driven by (i) lower fuel prices; (ii) lower costs resulting from the conversion of our fleet to natural gas vehicles and (iii) increases in natural gas fuel excise
credits that could not be recognized until the fourth quarter of the prior year.       Landfill operating
costs      The increase in landfill operating costs in the current year periods when compared to the prior year periods was primarily driven by higher leachate disposal costs. Additionally, the nine months ended September 30,
2016 includes an unfavorable adjustment related to changes in U.S. Treasury rates used to discount the present value of our environmental remediation obligations and recovery assets.   
    Selling, General and Administrative Expenses     
  The following table summarizes the major components of our selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and
nine months ended September 30 (dollars in millions):       
    Our selling, general and administrative expenses were flat when comparing the three months
ended September 30, 2016 to the prior year period and increased $32 million, or 3.2%, when comparing the nine-month periods. As a percentage of revenue, our selling, general and administrative expenses decreased from 9.8% for the third quarter of
2015 to 9.3% for the third quarter of 2016, and from 10.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 10.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      Our labor and related benefits costs increased as a result of merit increases and acquisition driven headcount increases. Additionally, stock-based incentive compensation costs increased for the
nine-month comparison to the prior year period. Our professional fees decreased as a result of lower legal fees. Our other expenses decreased primarily due to a favorable litigation settlement providing for the reimbursement of certain legal
fees in the third quarter of 2016.   
         43   

Depreciation and Amortization     
  The following table summarizes the components of our depreciation and amortization expense for the three and nine months
ended September 30 (dollars in millions):       
    The increase in depreciation of tangible property and equipment and amortization of
intangible assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period is primarily due to the SWS acquired operations. The decrease in the amortization of landfill airspace during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period was due to changes in our landfill estimates, partially offset by increased volumes at our landfills. The increase in amortization of landfill airspace during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period is primarily due to increased volumes at our landfills.        Expense from
Divestitures, Asset Impairments and Unusual Items        During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we recognized net charges of $107 million primarily related to (i) a $43 million charge to impair a landfill in Western Pennsylvania due to a loss of expected volumes; (ii) a $42 million charge to adjust our subsidiary s
estimated environmental remediation liability for a closed site in Harris County, Texas, as further discussed in Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements; (iii) a $10 million goodwill impairment charge associated with our
LampTracker      reporting unit and (iv) an $8 million loss on the sale of a majority-owned organics company.
     During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized net charges of $17 million, including $18
million of charges to write down or divest of certain assets in our recycling operations and a $5 million impairment charge related to a landfill in our Western Canada Area. Partially offsetting these charges was a $6 million gain on the sale of an
oil and gas producing property.        Income from Operations     
  The following table summarizes income from operations for the three and nine months ended September 30 (dollars in
millions):       

*  
    Percentage change does not provide a meaningful comparison.      
         44   

All information presented has been updated to reflect our realigned segments
which are discussed further in Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.       Solid
Waste      The most significant items affecting the results of operations of our Solid Waste business during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared with the prior year periods are summarized below:

Our Traditional Solid Waste business benefited from internal revenue growth;      

Our recycling business was favorable compared to the prior year periods principally due to (i) continued cost reductions; (ii) higher market prices
for commodities, particularly in the current quarter and (iii) the impairment of various recycling assets in the second quarter of 2015;          

In the second quarter of 2015, we recognized a $55 million charge associated with the withdrawal from certain underfunded multiemployer pension
plans, which affected all Tiers;          

Increased leachate disposal costs in Tier 2;          

The impairment of a landfill in Tier 2 due to a loss of expected volumes; and      

Higher labor and related benefit costs due to merit increases, higher incentive compensation, and increases in group insurance.
        Significant items affecting the comparison of the remaining components of our results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 with the comparable prior year periods are summarized below:       Wheelabrator      Amounts reported in 2015 reflect post-closing adjustments to the gain on the sale of our Wheelabrator business in December 2014.   
   Other      The most significant items affecting the comparability of expenses for the periods
presented include:       

Increased expenses from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items related to a loss on the sale of a majority-owned organics company and the
goodwill impairment associated with our LampTracker      reporting unit;      

Increased costs in WMSBS, driven in part by the transfer of certain sales employees included in our Corporate and Other segment in the prior year
periods; and          

Improved results in our energy related businesses primarily in the current quarter.      
   Corporate and Other      The most significant items affecting the comparability of expenses for
the periods presented include:       

An increase in a subsidiary s estimated environmental remediation liability related to a closed site in Harris County, Texas;

A favorable litigation settlement providing for the reimbursement of certain legal fees; and      

The transfer of certain sales employees to our Other segment that were included in this segment in the prior year periods.
          Interest Expense, net     
  Our interest expense, net was $94 million and $282 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, compared to $95 million and $294 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period is primarily
attributable to (i) the impacts of lower market interest rates on certain of our tax-exempt bonds and (ii) the refinancing of a significant portion of our high-coupon senior notes during the first quarter of 2015 as discussed below in  Loss on
Early Extinguishment of Debt .        Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt     
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized a pre-tax loss of $552 million associated with the early
extinguishment of almost $2 billion of our high-coupon senior notes through make-whole   
         45   

redemption and cash tender offers. We replaced substantially all of the debt extinguished with new senior notes at significantly lower coupon interest rates and extended the weighted average
duration of these debt obligations.        Equity in Net Losses of Unconsolidated Entities     
  We recognized  Equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities  of $9 million and $32 million during both the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. These losses are primarily related to our noncontrolling interests in entities established to invest in and manage low-income housing properties and a refined
coal facility. The tax impacts realized as a result of our investments in low-income housing properties and the refined coal facility are discussed below in  Provision for Income Taxes.  Refer to Notes 5 and 14 to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements for more information related to these investments.        Other, net     
  We recognized other, net expense of $49 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We recognized impairment
charges of $41 million to write down minority-owned investments in waste diversion technology companies to their fair value during the second quarter of 2016. In addition, we recognized $8 million of expense during the first quarter of 2016
associated with the termination of our cross currency swaps, which is discussed further in Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.        Provision for Income Taxes        Our provision for income
taxes and effective income tax rates were $153 million, or 33.7%, and $466 million, or 35.5%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $159 million, or 32.3%, and $184 million, or 27.8%, for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.     Our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was favorably impacted primarily by federal tax credits and adjustments to our accruals and related deferred taxes due to the filing of our 2015 income tax returns offset, in part, by the unfavorable impact
of state and local income taxes and nondeductible impairments and capital losses. Our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was unfavorably impacted primarily by state and local income taxes
and nondeductible impairments and capital losses offset, in part, by the favorable impact of federal tax credits, adjustments to our accruals and related deferred taxes due to the filing of our 2015 income tax returns, and tax audit
settlements.     Our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015 was favorably impacted primarily by federal tax credits, adjustments to our accruals and related deferred taxes due to the filing of our 2014 income tax returns and tax audit settlements offset, in part, by the unfavorable impact
of state and local income taxes. The nine months ended September 30, 2015 was also favorably impacted by the revaluation of our deferred taxes and utilization of state net operating losses resulting from changes in state law and nontaxable
post-closing adjustments related to the divestiture of our Wheelabrator business. In addition, the loss on early extinguishment of debt included in our pre-tax income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 contributed to a lower effective tax
rate.      Our investments in the low-income housing properties and the refined coal facility reduced our provision
for income taxes by $15 million and $40 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and by $17 million and $41 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Refer to
Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information related to these investments.   
         46   

Liquidity and Capital Resources    
    Summary of Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Trust and Escrow Accounts and Debt Obligations     
  The following is a summary of our cash and cash equivalents, restricted trust and escrow accounts and debt balances (in
millions):       
    As of September 30, 2016, the current portion of our debt balance of $432 million includes
(i) $295 million of short-term borrowings under our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility and (ii) $137 million of other debt with scheduled maturities within the next 12 months, including $83 million of tax-exempt bonds.   
  As of September 30, 2016, we also have $503 million of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that expire within
the next 12 months and an additional $491 million of variable-rate tax-exempt bonds that are supported by letters of credit. The interest rates on our variable-rate tax-exempt bonds are generally reset on either a daily or weekly basis through a
remarketing process. All recent tax-exempt bond remarketings have successfully placed Company bonds with investors at market-driven rates and we currently expect future remarketings to be successful. However, if the remarketing agent is unable
to remarket our bonds, the remarketing agent can put the bonds to us. In the event of a failed remarketing, we have the intent and ability to use availability under our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility to fund the debt obligations until they
can be remarketed successfully. Accordingly, we classified these borrowings as long-term in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016.        Summary of Cash Flow Activity        The following is a
summary of our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30 (in millions):       
     Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities      The most
significant items affecting the comparison of our operating cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 with the comparable prior year period are summarized below:   

Increase in earnings    Our income from operations, excluding depreciation and amortization, and asset impairments and unusual
items, increased by $270 million on a year-over-year basis, driven principally by earnings from our Traditional Solid Waste business. Our 2015 results included the recognition of a $55 million charge associated with the withdrawal from certain
underfunded multiemployer pension plans, of which payments of approximately $40 million were made in the nine months ended September 30, 2015.      
         47   

Foreign currency derivatives    During the first quarter of 2016, we terminated our cross currency swaps associated with the
anticipated cash flows of intercompany loans between WM Holdings and its wholly-owned Canadian subsidiaries, as discussed further in Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. In connection with the termination, we received cash
proceeds of $67 million, which were classified as a change in  Other current assets  and  Other assets  within  Net cash provided by operating activities  in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

Decrease in incentive plan cash payments    Payments for our annual incentive plans are typically made in the first quarter of
the year based on prior year performance. Our cash flow from operations was favorably impacted by $46 million on a year-over-year basis, as the annual incentive cash payments made in the first quarter of 2016 were lower than the cash payments made
in the first quarter of 2015.          

Increase in tax payments    Cash paid for income taxes, net of excess tax benefits associated with equity-based transactions,
was $46 million higher on a year-over-year basis, largely driven by higher earnings in the current year.          

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from business acquisitions and divestitures    Our cash flows from operating
activities were unfavorably impacted by $102 million on a year-over-year basis by changes in our assets and liabilities accounts, exclusive of the items noted above. Although our working capital changes may vary from year-to-year, they are
typically driven by changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable, which result from changes in revenue and costs and timing of receipts and payments.      
   Net Cash Used in Investing Activities      The most significant items included in our investing
cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized below:       

Acquisitions        Our spending on acquisitions was $600 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared with $473 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In 2016, our acquisitions consisted primarily of certain operations and business assets of SWS. In 2015, our acquisitions consisted principally of the collection and
disposal operations of Deffenbaugh. These acquisitions are discussed in Note 9 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.          

Capital expenditures        We used $962 million and $864 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, for capital expenditures. The increase in our capital expenditures is generally the result of additional spending on new business opportunities and acquisitions, growth in our existing business, asset replacement timing
and the construction of a waste-water treatment facility at one of our landfills. Although we experienced an increase in capital expenditures in the current year, the Company continues to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management.
     
         48   

Net Cash Used in Financing
Activities          The most significant items affecting the comparison of our financing cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized below:   

Debt borrowings (repayments)    The following summarizes our cash borrowings and debt repayments for the nine months ended
September 30 (in millions):          
    Refer to Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information related to our debt borrowings and repayments.       

Premiums paid on early extinguishment of debt        Premiums paid on early extinguishment of debt of $555 million
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 relate to (i) charges for make-whole premiums on certain senior notes that the Company decided to redeem in advance of their scheduled maturities and (ii) charges related to the tender offer for
certain senior notes of WM and WM Holdings. For further discussion see  Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt  above.          

Common stock repurchase program    We paid $500 million and $600 million for common stock repurchases during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See Note 12 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.           Liquidity Impacts of Income Tax Items        We have
liabilities associated with unrecognized tax benefits and related interest. These liabilities are included as a component of long-term  Other liabilities  in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets because the Company does not anticipate
that settlement of the liabilities will require payment of cash within the next 12 months. We are not able to reasonably estimate when we would make any cash payments required to settle these liabilities, but we do not believe that the ultimate
settlement of our obligations will materially affect our liquidity. At September 30, 2016, we anticipate that approximately $6 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued interest, and $2 million of related tax assets may
be reversed within the next 12 months. The anticipated reversals primarily relate to miscellaneous state tax items, each of which is individually insignificant. The recognition of the unrecognized tax benefits is expected to result from audit
settlements or the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations period.   
         49   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    
  We have financial interests in unconsolidated variable interest entities as discussed in Note 14 to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. Additionally, we are party to guarantee arrangements with unconsolidated entities as discussed in the  Guarantees  section of Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. These arrangements have
not materially affected our financial position, results of operations or liquidity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, nor are they expected to have a material impact on our future financial position, results of operations or
liquidity.       New Accounting Standards Pending Adoption    
   Statement of Cash Flows          In August 2016, the FASB issued amended authoritative
guidance associated with the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The amended guidance addresses specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice. The
amended guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We do not currently expect that the adoption of this amended guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.   
   Financial Instrument Credit Losses          In June 2016, the FASB issued amended
authoritative guidance associated with the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. The amended guidance replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current. U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
( GAAP ) of recognizing credit losses when a loss is probable, with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to assess credit loss
estimates. The amended guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted beginning January 1, 2019. We are assessing the provisions of the amended guidance and evaluating the timing and impact on our
consolidated financial statements.       Stock Compensation          In March
2016, the FASB issued amended authoritative guidance associated with stock-based employee compensation as part of its simplification initiative to reduce the cost and complexity of compliance with GAAP while maintaining or improving the usefulness
of the information provided. The amended guidance changes both the accounting and financial reporting for certain income tax impacts of stock-based employee compensation. All excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies will be required to be
recognized as an income tax benefit or expense rather than as a component of equity. The guidance also provides for changes in the calculation of forfeitures related to the expense of stock-based employee compensation. The amended guidance
is effective for the Company on January 1, 2017. We do not currently expect that the adoption of this amended guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.   
   Leases      In February 2016, the FASB issued amended authoritative guidance associated with
lease accounting. The amended guidance requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases with terms in excess of 12 months and currently classified as operating leases. The disclosure of
key information about leasing arrangements will also be required. The amended guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are in the process of assessing the provisions of the amended
guidance and evaluating the timing and impact on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
   Financial Instruments      In January 2016, the FASB issued amended authoritative guidance
associated with the recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities. The amended guidance will require certain equity investments that are not consolidated to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in
net income rather than as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amended guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We do not currently expect that the adoption of this amended
guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.       Revenue
Recognition      In May 2014, the FASB issued amended authoritative guidance associated with revenue recognition. The amended guidance requires companies to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or
services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally, the amendments will require enhanced
  
         50   

qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding customer contracts. The amended guidance associated with revenue recognition is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018. The amended
guidance may be applied retrospectively for all periods presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the amended guidance recognized at the date of initial adoption. We have formed an implementation work team and
completed training on the new standard. We are in the process of reviewing our contractual arrangements. We have not determined whether the adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.   
   Seasonal Trends       Our operating revenues tend to be somewhat higher in summer months, primarily due to the higher volume of construction and demolition waste. The volumes of industrial and residential waste in certain
regions where we operate also tend to increase during the summer months. Our second and third quarter revenues and results of operations typically reflect these seasonal trends.   
  Service disruptions caused by severe storms, extended periods of inclement weather or climate extremes can significantly
affect the operating results of the affected Areas. On the other hand, certain destructive weather conditions that tend to occur during the second half of the year, such as the hurricanes that most often impact our operations in the Southern and
Eastern United States, can actually increase our revenues in the areas affected. While weather-related and other  one-time  occurrences can boost revenues through additional work for a limited time, as a result of significant start-up
costs and other factors, such revenue can generate earnings at comparatively lower margins.       Inflation    
  While inflationary increases in costs can affect our income from operations margins, we believe that inflation generally
has not had, and in the near future is not expected to have, any material adverse effect on our results of operations. However, a portion of our collection revenues are generated under long-term agreements with price adjustments based on various
indices intended to measure inflation. Additionally, management s estimates associated with inflation have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our accounting for landfill and environmental remediation liabilities.   

Item 3.   
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.          
  Information about market risks as of September 30, 2016, does not differ materially from that discussed under Item 7A
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.       

Item 4.   
      Controls and Procedures.              Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures       Our management,
with the participation of our principal executive and financial officers, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, including ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
(including the principal executive and financial officers) as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers have concluded that such disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 (the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q).       Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting       Management, together with our CEO and CFO, evaluated the
changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. We determined that there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   
         51   

PART II.    

Item 1.   
      Legal Proceedings.             Information regarding our legal proceedings can be found under the  Environmental Matters  and  Litigation  sections of Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

Item 1A.   
      Risk Factors.             There have been no material changes from risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 in response to Item 1A to Part I of Form 10-K.

Item 2.   
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds          
  The following table summarizes common stock repurchases made during the third quarter of 2016 (shares in millions):
      Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities        

(a)  
    In May 2016, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase ( ASR ) agreement to repurchase $250 million of our common stock, and the
 Average Price Paid per Share  in the table above is the final weighted average price paid for all shares repurchased pursuant to the ASR agreement. At the beginning of the ASR repurchase period, we delivered $250 million in cash and
received 3.3 million shares. The ASR agreement completed in August 2016, and we received 0.5 million additional shares.          

Item 4.   
      Mine Safety Disclosures.             Information concerning mine safety and other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the  Dodd-Frank  Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and
Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this quarterly report.   
         52   

Item 6.       Exhibits.      

Exhibit   
   No.    

Description     

31.1  

Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, of David P. Steiner, Chief Executive Officer.   

31.2  

Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, of James C. Fish, Jr., President and Chief Financial
Officer.   

32.1  

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 of David P. Steiner, Chief Executive Officer.   

32.2  

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 of James C. Fish, Jr., President and Chief Financial Officer.   

95  

Mine Safety Disclosures.   

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document.   

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.   

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   
 
         53   

SIGNATURES    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.        

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.   

By:  
     
    /s/ JAMES C. FISH, JR.    

James C. Fish, Jr.   

President and    

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer)    

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.   

By:  
     
    /s/ DON P. CARPENTER    

Don P. Carpenter   

Vice President and    

Chief Accounting Officer    

(Principal Accounting Officer)    
 
   Date: October 26, 2016   
         54   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d230847dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)   
  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, David P. Steiner, certify that:    i. I have
reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Waste Management, Inc.;    ii. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 iii. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 iv. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(e) and 15d   15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for
the registrant and have:    A. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared;    B. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;    C. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 D. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and    v. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 A. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 B. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       

By: 
   
   /s/ DAVID P. STEINER   

David P. Steiner  

Chief Executive Officer   
 
  Date: October 26, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d230847dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)   
  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, James C. Fish, Jr., certify that:    i. I have
reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Waste Management, Inc.;    ii. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 iii. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 iv. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(e) and 15d   15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for
the registrant and have:    A. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared;    B. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;    C. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 D. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and    v. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 A. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 B. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       

By: 
   
   /s/ JAMES C. FISH, JR.   

James C. Fish, Jr.  

President and Chief Financial Officer   
 
  Date: October 26, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d230847dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Waste Management, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David P. Steiner, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to
  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:    (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.       

By: 
   
   /s/ DAVID P. STEINER   

David P. Steiner  

Chief Executive Officer   
 
  October 26, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d230847dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Waste Management, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James C. Fish, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant
to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:    (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.       

By: 
   
   /s/ JAMES C. FISH, JR.   

James C. Fish, Jr.  

President and Chief Financial Officer   
 
  October 26, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 6
 d230847dex95.htm
 EX-95

EX-95 

EXHIBIT 95   
  Mine Safety Disclosures   
 This exhibit contains certain specified disclosures regarding mine safety required by section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K. Certain of our subsidiaries have permits for surface mining operations that are incidental to excavation work for landfill development.  
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we did not receive any of the following: (a) a citation from the U.S. Mine Safety and Health
Administration ( MSHA ) for a violation of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard under section 104 of the Federal
Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the  Mine Safety Act  (b) an order issued under section 104(b) of the Mine Safety Act; (c) a citation or order for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety
standards under section 104(d) of the Mine Safety Act; (d) a flagrant violation under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Safety Act; (e) an imminent danger order under section 107(a) of the Mine Safety Act; or (f) a proposed assessment from the MSHA.
   In addition, during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we had no mining-related fatalities, we had no pending legal actions
before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission involving a coal or other mine, and we did not receive any written notice from the MSHA involving a pattern of violations, or the potential to have such a pattern, of mandatory health or
safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards under section 104(e) of the Mine Safety Act.  

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 wm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 wm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

