<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161122_10-K_edgar_data_1124941_0001144204-16-135949_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12746920</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>238474</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>601701</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4105767</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5773929</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1727905</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>169</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-135949.hdr.sgml : 20161122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161122163545
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-135949
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001124941
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-LUMBER & OTHER CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS [5030]
		IRS NUMBER:				364173371
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50924
		FILM NUMBER:		162013584

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 HUNTMAR PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20170
		BUSINESS PHONE:		571-323-3939

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 HUNTMAR PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20170

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-135949.txt : 20161122

10-K
 1
 v452263_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016  

For the Transition Period from                                to        

Commission File Number 000-50924  

(Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       36-4173371    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

Address of principal executive offices:  505
Huntmar Park Drive, Suite 300, Herndon, VA 20170  

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (571) 323-3939  

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Common Stock, $0.01 par value   
       
       The NASDAQ Global Select Market    
 
      (Title of each class)  
       
      (Name of each exchange on which registered)   

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes 
  x    No      

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes
       No 
  x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes 
  x    No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  YES
  x   NO      

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer   x  
      Accelerated filer        
 
      Non-accelerated filer         (do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes
       No 
  x  

The aggregate market value of the voting stock
(common stock) held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price at which the common stock was
sold as of the end of the second quarter ended March 31, 2016, was $2.44 billion. 

The number of shares of common stock outstanding
as of October 31, 2016 was 59,903,628. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

The information required by Part III (Items 10, 11, 12, 13
and 14) will be incorporated by reference from the Registrant s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed pursuant
to Regulation 14A with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) within 120 days after the end of
the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K  

  Year Ended September 30, 2016  

Page    
 
        PART I    
       
      4   

Item 1.  
       Business   
      4   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      14   
 
      Item 1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      16   
 
      Item 2.  
       Properties   
      17   
 
      Item 3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      18   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      18   

PART II    
       
      19   

Item 5.  
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      19   
 
      Item 6.  
       Selected Financial Data   
      21   
 
      Item 7.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      23   
 
      Item 7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      37   
 
      Item 8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
     38  
 
      Item 9.  
       Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      39   
 
      Item 9A.  
       Controls and Procedures   
     39  
 
      Item 9B.  
       Other Information   
      41   

PART III    
       
     42  

PART IV    
       
     42  

Item 15.  
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
      42   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

The matters discussed in this Form 10-K
that are forward-looking statements are based on current management expectations that involve substantial risks and uncertainties,
which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements.
These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words
such as  aim,   anticipate,   believe,   could,   estimate,   expect, 
 intend,   may,   plan,   project,   should,   will be, 
 will continue,   will likely result,   would  and other words and terms of similar meaning
in conjunction with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. You should read statements that contain these words
carefully, because they discuss our future expectations, contain projections of our future results of operations or of our financial
position or state other  forward-looking  information. 

We believe that it is important to communicate
our future expectations to our investors. However, there are events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or
control. The factors listed under Item 1A, Risk Factors, as well as any cautionary language in this Form 10-K, provide examples
of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in
our forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, actual results may
differ materially from those in the forward looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those
described under Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Forward-looking statements speak only as of
the date of this Form 10-K. Except as required under federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC, we
do not have any intention, and do not undertake, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising
after the date of this Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. As a result of these
risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K
or that may be made elsewhere from time to time by or on behalf of us. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly
qualified by these cautionary statements. 

PART I  

ITEM 1.    BUSINESS  

Unless the context suggests otherwise, the
terms  Beacon,  the  Company,   we,   our  or  us  are referring to
Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   

Overview  

Beacon is the second largest (and largest publicly
traded) distributor of residential and non-residential roofing materials in the United States, with leading positions in key metropolitan
markets in both the United States and Canada. We also distribute complementary building products, including siding, windows, specialty
exterior building products, insulation, and waterproofing systems for residential and non-residential building exteriors. We purchase
products from a large number of manufacturers and then distribute these goods to a customer base consisting of contractors, and
to a lesser extent, general contractors, home builders, retailers, and building materials suppliers. 

As of September 30, 2016, we operated 368 branches
in 46 states throughout the United States and 6 provinces in Canada. We stock one of the most extensive assortments of high quality
branded products in the industry, with over 46,000 SKUs available across our branch network, enabling us to deliver products to
serve nearly 67,000 customers on a timely basis. 

On October 1, 2015, we acquired Roofing Supply
Group, LLC ( RSG ), a leading roofing products distributor owned by an investment partnership controlled by Clayton,
Dubilier   Rice, LLC and employee stockholders, in a cash and stock transaction valued at approximately $1.17 billion. Headquartered
in Dallas, Texas at the time of the acquisition RSG distributed roofing supplies and related materials from 85 locations across
25 states, including the key Western and Southern markets of California, Florida, Texas, as well as the Pacific Northwest market,
with branches in Seattle and Spokane. 

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016
( fiscal year 2016  or  2016 ), residential roofing products comprised 53.0% of our sales, non-residential
roofing products accounted for 32.4% of our sales, and siding, waterproofing systems, windows, and other exterior building products
provided the remaining 14.6% of our sales. Approximately 96% of our net sales were to customers located in the United States. 

We also provide our customers a comprehensive
array of value-added services, including: 

Advice and assistance to contractors throughout the construction process, including product identification, specification and technical support;   

Job site delivery, rooftop loading and logistical services;   

Tapered insulation design and layout services;   

Metal fabrication and related metal roofing design and layout services;   

Trade credit and online bill pay; and   

Marketing support, including project leads for contractors.   

We believe the additional services we provide
strengthen our relationships with our customers and distinguish us from our competition, as the vast majority of orders require
at least some of these services. Our ability to provide these services efficiently and reliably can save contractors time and money
while also enabling us to achieve attractive gross profit margins on our product sales. We have earned a reputation for providing
a high level of product availability and high-quality service from our experienced employees who provide timely, accurate and safe
delivery of products. 

Our diverse customer base generally includes
a significant portion of the residential and non-residential roofing contractors from the markets in which we operate. These roofing
contractors typically are involved on a local basis in the replacement, or re-roofing, component of the roofing industry. We utilize
a branch-based operating model that allows branches to maintain local customer relationships and benefit from our centralized infrastructure.
This operating model allows us to benefit from the resources and scale efficiencies of being a national distributor while still
providing customers with specialized products and personalized local services tailored to their specific geographic region. 

We have achieved our growth through a combination
of 37 strategic and complementary acquisitions since our initial public offering ( IPO ) in 2004, opening new branch
locations and broadening our product offerings. In fiscal year 2016, we acquired 127 branches and opened 1 new branch. We have
grown from $652.9 million in net sales in fiscal year 2004 to $4.13 billion in net sales in fiscal year 2016, which represents
a twelve-year compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of 16.6%.  Our organic growth, which includes growth from
existing and newly opened branches but excludes growth from acquired branches, averaged 5.3% per annum over the same period. Acquired
branches are excluded from organic growth measures until they have been under our ownership for at least four full fiscal quarters
at the start of the reporting period. Since our IPO, we have opened 73 new branch locations, and during this same period existing
market sales excluding greenfields increased at an average of 2.3% per annum. Existing market sales excluding greenfields are defined
as the aggregate sales from branches open for the entire comparable annual periods. Income from operations has increased from $34.7 million
in fiscal year 2004 to $205.0 million in fiscal year 2016, which represents an twelve-year CAGR of 16.0%. We believe that
our proven business model can continue to deliver industry-leading growth and operating profit margins. 

Our Industry  

According to a biannual industry study published
in August 2016 by the international business research company, The Freedonia Group (  Freedonia  ), the
total United States roofing market (measured by sales at the manufacturers  level) was estimated to be valued at approximately
$14.4 billion in sales in 2015. Beacon management estimates that the total U.S. roofing market, when measured by sales at
the distribution level, was approximately $20 billion in sales in 2014, taking into account Beacon s historical gross product
sales margin as applied to the Freedonia data. 

Roofing demand (measured by sales at the manufacturers 
level) in the United States is projected to grow 7.2% annually through 2020 to $19.6 billion, according to Freedonia. This would
represent a rebound from the 2009   2014 period, with growth expected to be driven by both residential and non-residential
building construction activity.  

The United States roofing market can be separated
into two categories: the residential roofing market and the non-residential roofing market. The residential roofing market accounted
for approximately 54% of the total United States market by unit volume in 2015. Through 2019, residential roofing construction
in dollars is expected to grow at 9.3% annually which is faster than Freedonia s non-residential roofing demand (in dollars)
estimated growth rate of 5.3%, as new residential construction is projected to continue to recover from the low levels experienced
from the 2007-2009 recession and its aftermath. Because residential roofing market growth is currently expected to exceed non-residential
roofing market growth, demand for steep-slope roofing is expected to rise more rapidly than for low-slope products. 

Historically, over 75% of expenditures in the
United States roofing market are for re-roofing projects, with the balance being for new construction. In 2015 re-roofing projects
accounted for approximately 79% of roofing demand (in dollars). According to the National Association of Home Builders, approximately
94% of re-roofing demand in the United States is non-discretionary, with owners forced to invest in repairs to respond to unforeseen
circumstances. Re-roofing projects are generally considered maintenance and repair expenditures and are less likely than new construction
projects to be postponed during periods of recession or slow economic growth. As a result, demand for roofing products has historically
been less volatile than overall demand for construction products. 

Net sales from re-roofing are also expected
to increase as the median age of owner occupied housing has increased from 23 years in 1985 to 38 years in 2013, according to U.S.
Census data. As homes age, new and re-roof demand increases as homeowners are forced to replace or repair old, deteriorating roofs.
The aging U.S. housing stock, combined with below average roofing shingle volumes, supports a favorable supply/demand dynamic in
the residential repair and remodel market in the coming years. 

Regional variations in economic activity influence
the level of demand for roofing products across the United States. Of particular importance are regional differences in the level
of new home construction and renovation. Demographic trends, including population growth and migration, contribute to the regional
variations through their influence on regional housing starts and existing home sales. 

In addition to our operations with the United
States, we also operate in 6 provinces in Canada, which in total represent approximately 4% of our total net sales.  We
expect overall demand for operations in Canada to grow at rate similar to our United States operations. 

Roofing Distributors   

Wholesale distribution is the dominant distribution
channel for both residential and nonresidential roofing products. Wholesale roofing product distributors serve the important role
of facilitating the purchasing relationships between roofing materials manufacturers and thousands of contractors. Wholesale distributors
can maintain localized inventories, extend trade credit, give product advice and provide delivery and logistics services. 

Despite some recent consolidation, the roofing
materials distribution industry remains highly fragmented. The industry is characterized by a large number of small and local regional
participants. The vast majority of our competition comes from local and regional roofing supply distributors, and, to a much lesser
extent, other building supply distributors and   big box   retailers. Among distributors, we compete against
a small number of large distributors and many small and local privately-owned distributors. As a result of their small size, many
of these distributors lack the corporate, operating and IT infrastructure required to compete effectively. 

Residential Roofing   

Within the residential roofing market, the re-roofing
market is currently more than three and a half times the size of the new roofing market, accounting for approximately 78% of the
residential roofing unit demand in 2015 compared to a historic long-term rate of about 86%, according to Freedonia 

Asphalt shingles dominate the residential roofing
market, with an approximate 84% share, and historically have had an expected average useful life of 15 to 20 years. Freedonia estimates
that residential roofing construction (in dollars) is expected to grow at 9.3% annually through 2020. 

A number of other factors can also generate
re-roofing demand, including one-time weather damage and homeowners looking to upgrade their homes. In addition, sales of existing
homes can affect re-roofing demand, as some renovation decisions are made by sellers preparing their houses for sale and others
are made by new owners within the first two years of occupancy. 

Within the new construction portion of the residential
roofing market, growth has historically been driven by housing starts, together with larger average roof sizes. Demand for roofing
installed in new residential construction and additions to existing structures is forecast to grow over 6.6% annually to 35.0 million
squares in 2020. While this was an increase from the depressed 2010 base, demand for roofing in new residential building construction
applications in 2015 was still significantly below that of 2005. However, US housing starts (including manufactured housing shipments)
marked their fourth consecutive year of robust growth in 2015, advancing 11% to 1.18 million units. Through 2020, housing starts
are projected to reach 1.62 million units on growth of 6.4% per year. 

Non-residential Roofing   

Historically, re-roofing
projects have accounted for approximately 81% of non-residential roofing demand (in dollars). In 2015, re-roofing projects represented
nearly 80% of the total non-residential demand. As with residential re-roofing, non-residential re-roofing activity tends to be
less cyclical than new construction and depends, in part, upon the types of materials on existing roofs, their expected lifespan
and intervening factors such as wind or water damage. 

Non-residential roofing construction (in dollars)
is forecast by Freedonia to grow 1.6%, per year through 2020. Gains are expected to be driven by non-residential new construction,
which is expected to see 6.6% annual gains in unit demand during that time, as non-residential building construction expenditures
rebound from their low 2014 level. The office and commercial construction segment are expected to experience the most rapid gains
if construction expenditures in that market rise sharply as currently anticipated. 

The non-residential roofing market includes
an office and commercial market, an industrial market, and an institutional market. Office and commercial roofing projects represent
the single largest component of the non-residential roofing market in 2015 at 37% of demand (in dollars) in 2015, according to
Freedonia. Industrial roofing projects represent 20% of non-residential roofing product sales (in dollars), while institutional
projects and others make up the remaining 32% of non-residential roofing demand (in dollars). 

Complementary Building Products   

Demand for complementary building products such
as siding, windows and doors for both the residential and non-residential markets has been at historically low levels in recent
years, consistent with the downturns in the new construction markets and in the overall economy. Unlike the roofing industry, demand
for these products is more discretionary and influenced much greater by the new construction markets. 

These complementary products
are a major component of the overall building products market. The United States siding market was estimated to be approximately
$7.5 billion in 2014, while the United States window and door industry was estimated to be approximately $24.4 billion in 2014,
according to the most recent information available from Freedonia. Both of these markets have been negatively impacted by the low
level of new housing starts in recent years, but are estimated by Freedonia to grow at an annual rate (in dollars) of approximately
7.3% for the siding market and 5% for the window and door industry through 2018. 

Our Strengths  

We believe the sales and earnings growth we
have achieved over time has been, and will continue to be, driven by our primary competitive strengths, which include the following: 

Leading roofing distribution platform with a national scope
combined with regional expertise.    We are the second largest (and largest publicly traded) distributor of residential
and non-residential roofing materials in the United States, and we maintain leading positions in key metropolitan markets across
the United States and Canada. Our geographic footprint is designed to provide advantages in the regional markets we serve. We utilize
a branch-based operating model whereby branches cultivate and maintain local customer relationships while benefiting from centralized
functions such as information technology, marketing, accounting, financial reporting, credit, purchasing, human resources, legal
and tax services. We provide our customers with specialized products and personalized local services tailored to their specific
geographic region, with the resources and scale efficiencies of a national distributor.    

Diversified business model in a stable environment.   Our
business historically has been protected in times of economic downturn because of the non-discretionary nature of most re-roofing
demand, the mix of our sales between residential and non-residential products, our geographic and customer diversity, and the financial
and operational ability to expand our business and obtain market share. We have a long history of organic sales growth and healthy
gross margins through a variety of economic cycles. Over the last twelve fiscal years, our total and existing market net sales
have increased by a CAGR of 16.6%, (including growth through acquisitions) and our gross margins in existing markets (i.e., excluding
acquisitions) have averaged approximately 24%.    

Well-positioned in attractive roofing demand markets.  
We believe that our national distribution platform is strategically positioned to benefit from a North American market recovery,
and we expect that improving economic conditions and continued recovery in residential and non-residential construction activity
will drive the demand for additional roofing materials and complementary building products.    

Superior customer service to our well established, long-term
customer base  . Our diverse customer base consists of contractors, home builders, building owners, and other resellers.
A significant number of our customers have relied on us as their vendor of choice for decades, and we believe that these strong
customer relationships cannot easily be replicated. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, no single customer accounted
for more than 2% of our net sales.    

We believe that the services provided by our employees
improve our customers  efficiency and profitability, which, in turn, strengthens our customer relationships. We consider
customer relations and our employees  knowledge of roofing and exterior building materials to be very important to our ability
to increase customer loyalty and maintain customer satisfaction. We invest significant resources in professional development, management
skills, product knowledge and operational proficiency. The in-depth knowledge of the materials we sell and their applications allows
our sales personnel to provide technical advice and value-added service to our customers throughout the construction process. 

We provide a number of value-added services to our customers.
In particular, we support our customers with: advice and assistance on product identification, specification and technical support;
timely job site delivery, rooftop loading and logistical services; tapered insulation design and related layout services; metal
fabrication and related metal roofing design and layout services; trade credit; and marketing support, including project leads
for contractors. 

Strong platform for growth and acquisition.   From the
time of our IPO in 2004, we increased net sales at rates well in excess of the overall growth in the roofing materials distribution
industry. We have expanded our business through strategic acquisitions, new branch openings, and the diversification of our product
offering. We generally have improved the financial and operating performance of our acquired companies and helped them to grow
their businesses following acquisition    

Strong cash flow generation driven by a stable business model.  
We have increased net sales in eight of the last ten fiscal years. Our track record of growth, combined with limited capital expenditure
requirements, has resulted in strong free cash flow across all economic cycles. We have a strong history of managing our debt leverage
effectively and we have successfully reduced leverage subsequent to the RSG transaction.    

Centralized IT platform.   We have made a significant
investment in our information systems, including the ongoing development of a platform for online sales. All of our locations,
except for one fabrication facility, operate on the same management information systems, providing us with a consistent platform
to deliver excellent customer service and achieve operating efficiencies in purchasing, pricing and inventory management. Our systems
have substantial capacity to handle our future growth plans without requiring significant additional investment.    

Industry-leading management team with a track record of integration.   We
believe that our key employees, including branch managers, regional vice presidents and executive officers, are among the most
experienced members of the roofing industry and have a track record of achieving strong revenue growth and delivering profitability.
Since Beacon became a publicly traded company in 2004, the Beacon management team has successfully completed and integrated 37
acquisitions and opened 73 new greenfield locations.    

Our Growth Strategies  

Our objective is to be the preferred supplier
of roofing and other exterior building product materials across markets in the United States and Canada while continuing to increase
net sales and maximize our profitability. We plan to attain these goals by executing the following strategies: 

Expand product offering and increase cross-selling activities.  
Due to the unique characteristics of each geographic region, our local customers typically require market specific product offerings.
We believe we have one of the most extensive offerings of high-quality branded products in the industry, with over 46,000 SKUs
available across our branch network, however there remain opportunities for branches expand their current product rosters. This
will create additional opportunities for our branches to cross-sell more products throughout our existing network. In particular,
we seek to expand non-residential roofing sales into markets where we currently sell mostly residential roofing. In addition, we
work closely with customers and suppliers to identify new products and services, and continue to expand our product offering to
include complementary building materials such as windows, siding, doors, waterproofing systems, insulation and metal fabrication.    

Continue to provide exceptional customer service and roofing
expertise.   We provide a comprehensive array of high-quality products and offer value-added services. In fiscal year 2016,
we were able to support our customers by fulfilling approximately 97% of warehouse orders through our in-stock inventory as a result
of the breadth and depth of the inventory maintained at our local branches. We believe that our focus on providing both value-added
services and accurate and rapid order fulfillment enables us to attract and retain customers.    

Selectively pursue opportunities for organic growth and strategic
acquisitions.   Acquisitions and greenfield expansion is an important component of our growth strategy. We believe that there
will be meaningful opportunities to further expand or intensify our geographic focus in contiguous or existing regions. We intend
to continue to pursue our growth strategy while focusing on maintaining a strong balance sheet.    

Since 2004, Beacon has opened 73 new branches through
greenfield expansion. Beacon has a disciplined approach to new branch openings and its typical strategy is to open branches: (1)
within its existing markets; (2) where existing customers have expanded into new markets; or (3) in areas that have limited or
no acquisition candidates and are a good fit with its business model and culture. 

Since 2004, Beacon has completed 37 acquisitions. We
believe that the roofing distribution sector remains fragmented and that there are significant opportunities to further grow our
business through disciplined, strategic acquisitions. With only a few large, well-capitalized competitors in the industry, we believe
we can continue to build on our distribution platform by successfully acquiring additional roofing materials distributors. Our
main acquisition strategy is to target market leaders in geographic areas that we do not service or that complement our existing
operations in an area. 

Enhance margins and free cash flow generation through continued
execution of our growth strategy.   We believe that as recent greenfield locations continue to ramp up, and if expected synergies
and cost savings from acquisitions are realized, our margins will continue to improve. We also believe that we have an operating
model that requires minimal capital, which, when combined with stable re-roofing demand, will position us for strong free cash
flow generation. We intend to continue to use cash flows to support deleveraging and our continued platform growth. We have, and
will continue to, invest heavily in our branch expansion. Although management estimates that our branch expansion strategy over
the past several years has resulted in average upfront operating costs and capital expenditures, we believe these new branches
will increase their contribution to our profitability and cash flow as they mature    

Our Products and Services  

Products   

The ability to provide a broad range of products
is essential to success in roofing materials distribution. We carry one of the most extensive arrays of high-quality branded products
in the industry, enabling us to deliver a wide variety of products to our customers on a timely basis. We are able to fulfill the
vast majority of our warehouse orders with inventory on hand because of the breadth and depth of the inventories at our branches. 

Our product portfolio includes residential and
non-residential roofing products as well as complementary building products such as siding and windows: 

Product Portfolio   
 
      Residential  
       
      Non-Residential  
       
      Complementary   
 
      Roofing Products  
       
      Roofing Products  
       
      Building Products   
 
     Asphalt shingles 
       
     Single-ply roofing 
       
     Vinyl siding  
 
     Synthetic slate and tile 
       
     Asphalt 
       
     Fiber cement siding  
 
     Clay tile 
       
     Metal 
       
     Stone veneer  
 
     Concrete tile 
       
     Modified bitumen 
       
     Windows  
 
     Slate 
       
     Build-up roofing 
       
     Doors  
 
     Nail base insulation 
       
     Cements and coatings 
       
     Skylights  
 
     Metal roofing 
       
     Insulation   flat stock   tapered 
       
     Water proofing  
 
     Felts 
       
     Commercial fasteners 
       
     Building insulation  
 
     Synthetic underlayment 
       
     Metal edges and flashings 
       
     Gutters and downspouts  
 
     Wood shingles and shakes 
       
     Smoke/roof hatches 
       
     Decking and railing  
 
     Nails and fasteners 
       
     Sheet metal (copper/aluminum/steel) 

Metal edgings and flashings 
       
     Roofing tools 

Prefabricated flashings 
       
     PVC membrane 

Ridge and soffit vents 
       
     TPO membrane 

EPDM membrane 

Our product lines are designed to meet the requirements
of both residential and non-residential roofing contractors. The products that we distribute are supplied by the industry s
leading manufacturers of high-quality roofing materials and related products (See  Purchasing and Suppliers ). 

In the residential market, asphalt shingles
comprise the largest share of the products we sell. We distribute products such as high-end shingles, gutters and metal roofing
products, and tile roofing. Additionally, we distribute downspouts, tools, nails, vinyl and fiber cement siding, windows, decking
and related exterior shelter products to meet the expansive needs of our customers. 

In the non-residential market, single-ply roofing
systems and the associated insulation products comprise the largest share of our product offering. Our single-ply roofing systems
consist primarily of Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer (synthetic rubber) or  EPDM  and Thermoplastic Olefin or  TPO ,
along with other roofing materials and related components. In addition to the broad range of single-ply roofing components, we
sell asphaltic membranes and the insulation required in most non-residential roofing applications, such as tapered insulation.
Our remaining non-residential products include metal roofing and flashings, fasteners, fabrics, coatings, roof drains, modified
bitumen, built-up roofing and asphalt. 

Services   

We emphasize superior value-added services
to our customers. We employ a knowledgeable sales force that possesses in-depth knowledge of roofing
materials and applications and is capable of providing technical advice and assistance to contractors and other customers
throughout the re-roofing and construction process. In particular, we support our customers with the following value-added
services: 

advice and assistance on product identification, specification and technical support, and training services;   

a large, service ready fleet with a broad footprint supporting timely job site delivery, rooftop loading and logistical services;   

tapered insulation engineered with enhanced computer-aided design and related layout services;   

metal fabrication and related metal roofing design and layout services;   

trade credit and online bill pay; and   

marketing support, including project leads for contractors.   

Our Customers  

We serve nearly 67,000 customers, comprised
of contractors, home builders, building owners, and other resellers across the continental United States and Canada. Our typical
customer base varies by end market, with relatively small contractors in the residential market and small to large-sized contractors
in the non-residential market. To a lesser extent, our customer base in a market can include general contractors, retailers and
building materials suppliers. As evidenced by the fact that a significant number of our customers have relied on us or our predecessors
as their vendor of choice for decades, we believe that we have strong customer relationships that our competitors cannot easily
displace or replicate. No single customer accounts for more than 2% of our net sales. 

Our Culture and Employees  

We believe our values based culture is a key
differentiator which is critical to our success. We pride ourselves on attracting and retaining highly dedicated and customer focused
employees at all levels of the organization. We maintain a safety-first environment and strong relations with our employees. 

As of September 30, 2016 we had 5,042 employees
consisting of 648 in sales and marketing, 655 branch and assistant branch managers, 2,465 drivers, delivery helpers and warehouse
workers, 1,242 general and administrative employees and 32 executives. We have 31 employees that are represented by labor unions
and there are no outstanding labor disputes. 

Sales and Marketing  

Sales strategy   

Our sales strategy is to provide a comprehensive
array of high-quality products and superior value-added services to residential and non-residential roofing contractors reliably,
accurately and on time. In fiscal year 2016, we were able to support our customers by fulfilling approximately 97% of warehouse
orders through our in-stock inventory as a result of the breadth and depth of the inventory maintained at our local branches. We
believe that our focus on providing both superior value-added services and accurate and rapid order fulfillment enables us to attract
and retain customers. 

Sales organization   

We have attracted and retained an experienced
sales force of approximately 616 employees who are responsible for generating sales at the local branch level. The expertise of
our salespeople helps us to increase sales to existing customers and add new customers. 

Each of our branches is led by a branch manager,
who also functions as the branch s sales manager. In addition, each branch generally employs one to four outside salespeople
and one to five inside salespeople who report to their branch manager. Branches that focus primarily on the residential market
typically staff a larger number of outside salespeople. 

The primary objectives
of our outside salespeople are to prospect for new customers and to increase sales to existing customers. These activities are
supported by utilizing our CRM (Customer Relationship Management) system throughout our selling organization. We continue to use
our proprietary LogicTrack software system to extract information on construction projects in our local markets. Once a construction
project is identified, our design and estimating team creates job quotes, which, along with pertinent bid and job information,
are readily available to our salespeople through LogicTrack. Our outside salespeople then contact potential customers in an effort
to solicit their interest in participating with us in the identified project. Throughout this process, LogicTrack maintains a record
of quoting activity, due dates, and other data to allow tracking of the projects and efficient follow-up. By seeking a contractor
to  partner with  on a bid, we increase the likelihood that such contractor will purchase their roofing materials and
related products from us in the event that the contractor is selected for the project. 

To complement our outside sales force, we have
built an experienced and technically proficient inside sales staff that provides vital product expertise to our customers. Our
inside sales force is responsible for fielding incoming orders, providing pricing quotations and responding to customer inquiries. 

In addition to our outside and inside sales
forces, we employ representatives who act as liaisons for certain roofing materials manufacturers to assist with the promotion
of specific products to professional contractors, architects and building owners. These relationships include exclusive geographic
territories and we currently have a developed relationship with Carlisle on this basis. 

Marketing   

In order to capitalize on established customer
relationships and locally developed brands, we have maintained the trade names of most of the businesses that we have acquired.
These trade names such as Alabama Roofing Supply, Atlantic Building Products, Applicators Sales, Beacon Roofing Supply Canada
Company, Beacon Sales, Best Distributing, Cassady Pierce, Coastal Metal Service, Dealers Choice, Enercon Products, Entrepot de
la Toiture, Ford Wholesale, Fox Brothers Company, Groupe B dard, Intermountain Supply, JGA, JGA Beacon, Lyf-Tym Building
Products, Lafayette Wood Works, McClure Johnston, Mississippi Roofing Supply, North Coast Roofing Systems, Pacific Supply, Posi-Pentes,
Posi-Slope, ProCoat Systems, Quality Roofing Supply, RCI Roofing Supply, RIS Insulation Supply, RIS Roofing Supply, RIS Roofing
and Insulation Supply, Roof Depot, Roofing Supply Group, Southern Roof Center, Statewide Wholesale, Structural Materials, The Roof
Center, West End Roofing, Siding   Windows, Wholesale Roofing Supply, Woodfeathers   are well-known in the local markets
in which the respective branches compete and are associated with high-quality products and customer service. 

As a supplement to the efforts of our sales
force, each of our branches communicates with residential and non-residential contractors in their local markets through newsletters,
direct mail, social media and the Internet. In order to build and strengthen relationships with customers and vendors, we offer
exclusive promotions and sponsor our own regional trade shows, which feature general business and roofing seminars for our customers
and product demonstrations by our vendors. In addition, we attend numerous industry trade shows throughout the regions in which
we compete, and we are an active member of the National Roofing Contractors Association, as well as certain regional contractors 
associations. 

Purchasing and Suppliers  

Our status as a leader in our core geographic
markets, as well as our reputation in the industry, has allowed us to forge strong relationships with numerous manufacturers of
roofing materials and related products, including Atlas Roofing, Building Products of Canada, Carlisle Syntec, CertainTeed Roofing,
CertainTeed Siding, Firestone Building Products, GAF, Iko Manufacturing, James Hardie Building Products, Johns Manville Roofing,
Malarkey, Mid-States Asphalt, Owens Corning Roofing, PlyGem, Soprema, and Tamko Building Products. 

We are viewed by our suppliers as a key distributor
due to our industry expertise, past growth and profitability, significant market share, financial strength, and the substantial
volume of products that we distribute. 

We manage the procurement of products through
our national headquarters and regional offices, allowing us to take advantage of both our scale and local market conditions. We
believe this enables us to purchase products more economically than most of our competitors. Product is shipped directly by the
manufacturers to our branches or customers. 

Operations and Infrastructure  

Operations   

Our branch-based model provides each
location with a significant amount of autonomy to operate within the parameters of our overall business model. Operations at
each branch are tailored to meet local customer needs. Branch managers are responsible for sales, pricing and staffing
activities, and have full operational control of customer service and deliveries. We provide our branch managers with
significant incentives that allow them to share in the profitability of their respective branches as well as in the company
as a whole. Employees at our regional and corporate operations assist the branches with, among other things, procurement,
credit and safety services, fleet management, information systems support, contract management, accounting, treasury and
legal services, human resources, benefits administration and sales and use tax services. 

Our distribution fulfillment process is initiated
upon receiving a request for a contract job order or direct product order from a contractor. Under a contract job order, a contractor
typically requests roofing or other construction materials and technical support services. The contractor discusses the project s
requirements with a salesperson and the salesperson provides a price quotation for the package of products and services. Subsequently,
the salesperson processes the order and we deliver the products to the customer s job site. In fiscal year 2016, we were
able to support our customers by fulfilling approximately 97% of warehouse orders through our in-stock inventory as a result of
the breadth and depth of the inventory maintained at our local branches 

Facilities   

As of September 30, 2016, our network of 368
branches was serving metropolitan areas in 46 states and 6 Canadian provinces. This network has enabled us to effectively and efficiently
serve a broad customer base and to achieve a leading market position in each of our core geographic markets. 

Fleet   

For the year ended September 30, 2016, our distribution
infrastructure supported approximately one million deliveries. To accomplish this, we maintained a dedicated owned fleet of 1,389
straight trucks, 538 tractors and 993 trailers as of September 30, 2016. Nearly all of our delivery vehicles are equipped with
specialized equipment, including 1,656 truck-mounted forklifts, cranes, hydraulic booms and conveyors, which are necessary to deliver
products to rooftop job sites in an efficient and safe manner and in accordance with our customers  requirements. 

Our branches typically focus on providing materials
to customers who are located within a two-hour radius of their respective facilities. Our branches generally make deliveries each
business day. 

Management Information Systems   

We have fully integrated management information
systems across our locations. Acquired businesses are moved to our IT platform as soon as feasible following acquisition. Our systems
support every major internal operational function, except payroll, providing complete integration of purchasing, receiving, order
processing, shipping, inventory management, sales analysis and accounting. The same databases are shared within the systems, allowing
our branches to easily acquire products from other branches or schedule deliveries by other branches, greatly enhancing our customer
service. Our systems also include a pricing matrix which allows us to refine pricing by region, branch, customer and customer type,
or even a specific customer project. In addition, our systems allow us to centrally monitor all branch and regional performance
as often as daily. We have centralized many functions to leverage our growing size, including accounts payable, insurance, payroll,
employee benefits, vendor relations, and banking. 

All of our branches are connected to a common
computer network via secure Internet connections or private data lines. We maintain redundant systems with transactional data getting
replicated throughout each business day. We have the capability of electronically switching our operations to the disaster recovery
system. 

We place purchase orders electronically with
some of our major vendors. The vendors then transmit their invoices electronically to us. Our system automatically matches these
invoices with the related purchase orders and then schedules the associated payment. We retain many financial, credit and other
documents for purposes of internal approvals, online viewing and auditing. 

We have established an Internet portal that
allows customers to access their invoice history and make online payments, and we are currently developing a platform that allows
for the added capability for customers to place and track orders online. 

Government Regulations  

We are subject to regulation by various federal,
state, provincial and local agencies. These agencies include the Environmental Protection Agency, Department of Transportation,
Occupational Safety and Health Administration and Department of Labor and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. We believe we
are in compliance in all material respects with existing applicable statutes and regulations affecting environmental issues and
our employment, workplace health and workplace safety practices. 

In 2012, the United States Supreme Court upheld
the majority of the provisions in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the  Act ). The Act places requirements
on employers to provide a minimum level of benefits to employees and assesses penalties on employers if the benefits do not meet
the required minimum level or if the cost of coverage to employees exceeds affordability thresholds specified in the Act. The minimum
benefits and affordability requirements took effect in 2014. The Act also imposes an excise tax beginning in 2018 on plans whose
average cost exceeds specified amounts. We have analyzed the effects on us from the provisions of the Act and we do not currently
anticipate a significant financial impact. 

Competition  

Although we are one of the two largest roofing
materials distributors in the United States and Canada, the United States roofing supply industry is highly competitive. The vast
majority of our competition comes from local and regional roofing supply distributors, and, to a much lesser extent, other building
supply distributors and  big box  retailers. Among distributors, we compete against a small number of large distributors
and many small and local privately-owned distributors. The principal competitive factors in our business include, but are not limited
to, the availability of materials and supplies; technical product knowledge and expertise; advisory or other service capabilities;
pricing of products; and availability of credit and capital. We generally compete on the basis of the quality of our services,
product quality and, to a lesser extent, price. 

Order Backlog  

Order backlog is not a material aspect of our
business and no material portion of our business is subject to government contracts. 

Seasonality  

In general, sales and net income are highest
during our first, third and fourth fiscal quarters, which represent the peak months of construction and re-roofing, especially
in our branches in the northern and mid-western regions of the United States and in Canada. Our sales are substantially lower during
the second quarter, when we usually incur net losses. These quarterly fluctuations have diminished as we have diversified further
into the southern and western regions of the United States. 

We generally experience our peak working capital
needs during the third quarter after we build our inventories following the winter season but before we begin collecting on most
of our spring receivables. Our principal source of liquidity is our cash and cash equivalents and borrowings under our revolving
credit facility, so our borrowings tend to be highest in the third quarter of our fiscal year. 

History and Additional Information  

Our predecessor, Beacon Sales Company, Inc.,
was founded in Charlestown, Massachusetts (part of Boston) in 1928. Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in
1997. Our principal executive offices are located at 505 Huntmar Park Drive, Suite 300, Herndon, Virginia 20170 and our telephone
number is (571) 323-3939. Our Internet website address is  www.becn.com.  

We are subject to the information and
periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), and, in
accordance with such requirements, furnish or file periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). These periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information are
available for inspection and copying at the regional offices, public reference facilities, and SEC website,  www.sec.gov .
We also maintain an investor relations page on our website where our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other required SEC filings may be accessed free of charge as soon as reasonably
practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS  

You should carefully consider the risks and
uncertainties described below and other information included in this Form 10-K in evaluating us and our business. If any of
the events described below occur, our business and financial results could be adversely affected in a material way. This could
cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, perhaps significantly.  

We may not be able to effectively integrate newly acquired
businesses into our operations or achieve expected cost savings or profitability from our acquisitions.   

Our growth strategy includes acquiring other
distributors of roofing materials and complementary products. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: 

unforeseen difficulties in
    integrating operations, technologies, services, accounting and employees;   

diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations;   

unforeseen difficulties related to entering geographic regions where we do not have prior experience;   

potential loss of key employees;   

unforeseen liabilities associated with businesses acquired; and   

inability to generate sufficient revenue or realize sufficient cost savings to offset acquisition or investment costs.   

As a result, if we fail to evaluate and execute
acquisitions properly, we might not achieve the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions and we may incur costs in excess of what
we anticipate. These risks would likely be greater in the case of larger acquisitions. 

We may not be able to successfully complete acquisitions on
acceptable terms, which would slow our growth rate.   

The acquisition of other distributors of roofing
materials and complementary products is an important part of our growth strategy. We continually seek additional acquisition candidates
in selected markets and from time to time engage in exploratory discussions with potential candidates. We are unable to predict
whether or when we will be able to identify any suitable additional acquisition candidates, or the likelihood that any potential
acquisition will be completed. If we cannot complete acquisitions that we identify on acceptable terms, it is unlikely that we
will sustain the historical growth rates of our business. 

An inability to obtain the products that we distribute could
result in lost revenues and reduced margins and damage relationships with customers.   

We distribute roofing and other exterior building
materials that are manufactured by a number of major suppliers. Disruptions in our sources of supply may occur as a result of unanticipated
demand or production or delivery difficulties. When shortages occur, roofing material suppliers often allocate products among distributors.
Although we believe that our relationships with our suppliers are strong and that we would have access to similar products from
competing suppliers should products be unavailable from current sources, any supply shortage, particularly of the most commonly
sold items, could result in a loss of revenues and reduced margins and damage relationships with customers. 

Loss of key talent or our inability to attract and
retain new qualified talent could hurt our ability to operate and grow successfully.   

Our success will continue to depend to a significant
extent on our executive officers and key management personnel, including our divisional executive vice presidents and regional
vice presidents. We do not have key man life insurance covering any of our executive officers. We may not be able to retain our
executive officers and key personnel or attract additional qualified management. The loss of any of our executive officers or other
key management employees, or our inability to recruit and retain qualified employees, could hurt our ability to operate and make
it difficult to execute our acquisition and internal growth strategies. 

A change in vendor pricing and demand
could adversely affect our income and gross margins.   

Many of the products that we distribute are
subject to price changes based upon manufacturers  raw material costs and other manufacturer pricing decisions. For example,
as a distributor of residential roofing supplies, our business is sensitive to asphalt prices, which are highly volatile and often
linked to oil prices, as oil is a significant input in asphalt production. Shingle prices have been volatile in recent years, partly
due to volatility in asphalt prices. Historically, we have generally been able to pass increases in the prices of shingles on to
our customers. Although we often are able to pass on manufacturers  price increases, our ability to pass on increases in
costs depends on market conditions. The inability to pass along cost increases could result in lower operating margins. In addition,
higher prices could impact demand for these products, resulting in lower sales volumes. 

A change in vendor rebates could adversely
affect our income and gross margins.   

The terms on which we purchase products from
many of our vendors entitle us to receive a rebate based on the volume of our purchases. These rebates effectively reduce our costs
for products. If market conditions change, vendors may adversely change the terms of some or all of these programs. Although these
changes would not affect the net recorded costs of product already purchased, it may lower our gross margins on products we sell
and therefore the income we realize on such sales in future periods. 

Cyclicality in our business and general economic conditions
could result in lower revenues and reduced profitability.   

A portion of the products we sell are for residential
and non-residential construction. The strength of these markets depends on new housing starts and business investment, which are
a function of many factors beyond our control, including credit and capital availability, interest rates, foreclosure rates, housing
inventory levels and occupancy, employment levels, consumer confidence and the health of the United States economy and mortgage
markets. Economic downturns in the regions and markets we serve could result in lower revenues and, since many of our expenses
are fixed, lower profitability. The challenging economic conditions in recent years, including tighter credit markets, have adversely
affected demand for new residential and non-residential projects and, to a lesser extent, re-roofing projects, and may continue
to negatively affect expenditures for roofing in the near term. Unfavorable changes in demographics, credit markets, consumer confidence,
housing affordability, or housing inventory levels and occupancy, or a weakening of the United States economy or of any regional
or local economy in which we operate could adversely affect consumer spending, result in decreased demand for our products, and
adversely affect our business. In addition, instability in the economy and financial markets, including as a result of terrorism
or civil or political unrest, may result in a decrease in housing starts, which would adversely affect our business. 

Seasonality in the construction and re-roofing industry generally
results in second quarter losses.   

Our second quarter is typically affected adversely
by winter construction cycles and cold weather patterns as the levels of activity in the new construction and re-roofing markets
decrease. Because many of our expenses remain relatively fixed throughout the year, we generally record a loss during our second
quarter. We expect that these seasonal variations will continue in the near future. 

If we encounter difficulties with our management information
systems, we could experience problems with inventory, collections, customer service, cost control and business plan execution.   

We believe our management information systems
are a competitive advantage in maintaining our 

 leadership position in the roofing distribution industry. However,
if we experience problems with our management information systems, we could experience, among other things, product shortages and/or
an increase in accounts receivable aging. Any failure by us to properly maintain and protect our management information systems
could adversely impact our ability to attract and serve customers and could cause us to incur higher operating costs and experience
delays in the execution of our business plan. 

Since we rely heavily on information technology
both in serving our customers and in our enterprise infrastructure in order to achieve our objectives, we may be vulnerable to
damage or intrusion from a variety of cyber-attacks including computer viruses, worms or other malicious software programs that
may access our systems. Despite the precautions we take to mitigate the risks of such events, an attack on our enterprise information
technology system could result in theft or disclosure of our proprietary or confidential information or a breach of confidential
customer or employee information. Such events could have an adverse impact on revenue, harm our reputation, and cause us to incur
significant legal liability and costs to address and remediate such events and related security concerns. 

An impairment of goodwill and/or other intangible assets could
reduce net income.   

Acquisitions frequently result in the recording
of goodwill and other intangible assets. At September 30, 2016, goodwill represented approximately 38% of our total assets. Goodwill
is not amortized for financial reporting purposes and is subject to impairment testing at least annually using a qualitative approach. 

We evaluate the recoverability of goodwill for
impairment in between our annual tests when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may
not be recoverable. Any impairment of goodwill will reduce net income in the period in which the impairment is recognized. 

We might need to raise additional capital, which may not be
available, thus limiting our growth prospects.   

In the future we may require equity or additional
debt financing in order to consummate an acquisition, for additional working capital for expansion, or if we suffer more than seasonally
expected losses. In the event such additional financing is unavailable to us on commercially attractive terms or at all, we may
be unable to expand or make acquisitions or pursue other growth opportunities. 

Major disruptions in the capital and credit markets may impact
both the availability of credit and business conditions.   

If the financial institutions that have extended
credit commitments to us are adversely affected by major disruptions in the capital and credit markets, they may become unable
to fund borrowings under those credit commitments. This could have an adverse impact on our financial condition since we need to
borrow funds at times for working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and other corporate purposes. 

Major disruptions in the capital and credit
markets could also lead to broader economic downturns, which could result in lower demand for our products and increased incidence
of customers  inability to pay their accounts. The majority of our net sales volume is facilitated through
the extension of trade credit to our customers. Additional customer bankruptcies or similar events caused by such broader downturns
may result in a higher level of bad debt expense than we have historically experienced. Also, our suppliers may be impacted, causing
potential disruptions or delays of product availability. These events would adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows
and financial position. 

ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

None. 

ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES  

As of October 31, 2016,
we leased 366 facilities including our headquarters and other support facilities, throughout the United States and Canada. These
leased facilities range in size from approximately 2,000 to 137,000 square feet. In addition, we own 13 sales/warehouse facilities
located in Manchester, New Hampshire; Reading, Pennsylvania; Montreal, Quebec (2); Sainte-Foy, Quebec; Delson, Quebec; Trois Rivieres,
Quebec; Salisbury, Maryland; Hartford, Connecticut; Cranston, Rhode Island; Lancaster, Pennsylvania; Easton, Maryland; and Manassas,
Virginia. These owned facilities range in size from 11,500 square feet to 68,000 square feet. All of the owned properties are mortgaged
to our senior lenders. We believe that our properties are in good operating condition and adequately serve our current business
operations. 

As of October 31, 2016,
we operated 369 branches, a few with multiple leased facilities or combined facilities, as well as 10 other facilities. The following
table summarizes the locations of these branches and facilities: 

ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits
that are brought against us in the normal course of business. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that would
be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 

ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  

Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market (the  NASDAQ ) under the symbol  BECN . The following table lists quarterly information on
the price range of our common stock based on the high and low reported sale prices for our common stock as reported by NASDAQ for
the periods indicated below: 

There were 137 registered holders of record
of our common stock as of October 31, 2016. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers  

No purchases of our equity securities were made
by us or any affiliated entity during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

None. 

Dividends  

We have not paid cash dividends on our common
stock and do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Our board of directors currently intends to retain any
future earnings for reinvestment in our growing business. Our revolving credit facilities currently prohibit the payment of dividends
without the prior written consent of our lenders. Any future determination to pay dividends will also be at the discretion of our
board of directors and will be dependent upon our results of operations and cash flows, our financial position and capital requirements,
general business conditions, legal, tax, regulatory and any contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends, and any other
factors our board of directors deems relevant. 

Stock Performance
Graph  

This performance graph shall not be deemed
 soliciting material  or to be  filed  with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act.  

The following graph compares the cumulative
total shareholder return (including reinvestment of dividends) of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. s common stock based on
its market prices, beginning with the start of fiscal year 2012 and each fiscal year thereafter, with (i) the Nasdaq Index
and (ii) the S P 1500 Building Products Index. 

The line graph assumes that $100 was invested
in our common stock, the Nasdaq Index and the S P 1500 Building Products Index on September 30, 2011. The closing price
of our common stock on September 30, 2016 was $42.07. The stock price performance of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. s common
stock depicted in the graph above represents past performance only and is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

You should read the following selected financial
information together with our financial statements and related notes and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  also included in this Form 10-K. We have derived the statement of operations data
for the years ended September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2014, and the balance sheet data as of September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, from our audited financial statements included in this Form 10-K. We have derived the statements
of operations data for the years ended September 30, 2013 and September 30, 2012, and the balance sheet data as of September 30,
2014, September 30, 2013 and September 30, 2012, from our audited financial statements not included in this Form 10-K. 

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:  

1  Results include full-year
financial impact of October 1, 2015 RSG acquisition   See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Balance Sheet Data:  

1  Results include full-year
financial impact of October 1, 2015 RSG acquisition   See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures  

To provide investors
with additional information regarding our financial results, we prepare certain financial measures that are not calculated in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ), specifically: 

Adjusted Net Income/Adjusted EPS   

Adjusted EBITDA   

We define Adjusted
Net Income as net income that excludes all non-recurring costs related to acquisitions, including the incremental amortization
of acquired intangibles. Adjusted net income per share ( Adjusted EPS ) is calculated by dividing the Adjusted Net
Income for the period by the weighted-average diluted shares outstanding for the period. 

We define Adjusted
EBITDA as net income plus interest expense (net of interest income), income taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjustments to
contingent consideration, stock-based compensation and non-recurring acquisition costs. EBITDA is a measure commonly used in the
distribution industry. 

We use these supplemental
measures to evaluate performance period over period and to analyze the underlying trends in our business and to establish operational
goals and forecasts that are used in allocating resources. We expect to compute our non-GAAP financial measures using the same
consistent method from quarter to quarter and year to year. 

We feel these measures are useful because
they allow investors to better understand year-over-year changes in underlying operating performance. We believe that these non-GAAP
measures provide investors and analysts with a measure of operating results unaffected by differences in capital structures and
capital investment cycles among otherwise comparable companies. Further, we believe these measures are useful to investors because
they improve comparability of results of operations since they eliminate the impact of purchase accounting adjustments that can
render operating results non-comparable between periods. 

While we believe that these non-GAAP financial
measures are useful in evaluating our business, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant
as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. You should not consider any of these measures
as a substitute alongside other financial performance measures presented in accordance with GAAP. 

The following tables
present a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable financial measure as measured in accordance with GAAP, to
Adjusted Net Income/Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Adjusted
Net Income/Adjusted EPS  1   

Adjusted EBITDA  1   

1  Reconciliation only
provided for fiscal years 2015 and 2016 to reflect the point at which management began using the Adjusted Net Income/Adjusted EPS
and EBITDA as an additional measure of the company s performance. Prior to 2015 the adjustments to Net income and
EBITDA were immaterial to the financial statements. 

2  Acquisition costs reflect
total non-recurring charges related to acquisitions completed, net of $22.9 million and $0.3 million in tax for 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

3  Acquisition costs reflect
all non-recurring charges related to acquisitions completed (excluding the impact of tax) that are not embedded in other balances
of the table. Certain portions of the total acquisition costs incurred are included in interest expense, income taxes, depreciation
and amortization, and stock-based compensation. 

ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All references to  2016,  2015,  and  2014 are referring
to the twelve month period ended September 30 for each of those respective fiscal years. The following discussion may contain forward-looking
statements that reflect our plans and expectation. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking
statements due to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in the  Risk Factors 
section. We do not undertake, and specifically disclaim, any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the
occurrence of events or circumstances after the date of such statements except as required by law.  

Overview  

We are the second largest (and largest publicly
traded) distributor of residential and non-residential roofing materials in the United States and Canada. We also distribute complementary
building products, including siding, windows, specialty exterior building products, insulation, and waterproofing systems for residential
and non-residential building exteriors. We are among the oldest and most established distributors in the industry. We purchase
products from a large number of manufacturers and then distribute these goods to a customer base consisting of contractors and,
to a lesser extent, general contractors, retailers, and building materials suppliers. 

As of September 30, 2016 we operated in 368
locations throughout 46 states, as well as 6 provinces in Canada. We stock one of the most extensive assortments of high quality
branded products in the industry with over 46,000 SKUs available across our branch network, enabling us to deliver a wide range
of products to our customers on a timely basis. For 2016, approximately 96% of our net sales came from customers located in the
United States. 

Effective execution of both the sales and operating
plans enables us to grow beyond the relative strength of the residential and non-residential roofing markets we serve. Our business
model is a bottom-up approach, where each of our branches uses their regional knowledge and experience to assist with the development
of a marketing plan and product mix that is best suited for their respective markets. Local alignment with overall strategic
goals provides the foundation for significant ownership of results at the branch level. 

Our distinctive operational model combined with
significant branch level autonomy differentiates us from the competition. We provide customer services, including job site delivery,
custom designed tapered roofing systems, metal fabrication, and trade credit. We consider customer relations and our employees'
knowledge of roofing and exterior building materials to be vital to our ability to increase customer loyalty and maintain customer
satisfaction. Our customers  business success can be enhanced when they are supported by our efficient and effective distribution
network. We invest significant resources in professional development, management skills, product knowledge and operational
proficiency. We pride ourselves on providing these capabilities developed on a foundation of continuous improvement driving
service excellence, productivity and efficiencies. 

Our growth strategy includes both acquisition
growth and organic growth (opening branches, growing sales with existing customers, adding new customers and introducing new products).
Our main acquisition strategy is to target market leaders who do business in geographic areas that we currently do not service
or that complement our existing regional operations. The following highlights our recent success in delivering on our growth strategy: 

Acquisition
Growth:    

-  On October 1, 2015, we completed our acquisition of Roofing Supply Group ( RSG ), a leading roofing products
distributor, in a cash and stock transaction valued at approximately $1.17 billion. Completion of the RSG acquisition strengthened
our position as the largest publicly traded roofing materials and related products distributor in the U.S., with approximately $3.71
billion in combined pro forma net sales at the time of the acquisition. The RSG Acquisition has provided us the opportunity
to create a stronger roofing distribution company built upon the foundation of two strong, growing distribution platforms with
an extensive national footprint and continued growth potential. On the date of the acquisition, RSG operated 85 branches across
25 states, with 300 to 2,200 SKUs per branch. This acquisition has allowed us to expand our product offerings and increase our
cross selling opportunities while maintaining our standards for exceptional customer service and roofing expertise.   

-  We continued to focus on our growth strategy during 2016, acquiring 42 branches from 7 additional strategic acquisitions
that have significantly enhanced our geographic footprint, particularly in the Southern, Western, and Pacific Northwest regions
of the United States:   

o  On December 1, 2015, we purchased certain assets of RCI Roofing Supply, a distributor of residential and commercial roofing
and related products with 5 branches operating in Nebraska, Iowa and Colorado with annual sales of approximately $23 million.   

o  On December 18, 2015, we acquired 100% of the equity interests of Roofing and Insulation Supply, a distributor
primarily of residential and commercial insulation along with roofing and related products with 20 branches spanning 13 states
operating across New England, the Mid-Atlantic, the Southeast, the Upper Midwest, Texas and Colorado with annual sales of approximately
$70 million.   

o  On December 29, 2015, we purchased certain assets of Statewide Wholesale, a distributor of residential and commercial roofing
and related products with 1 branch located in Denver, Colorado with annual sales of approximately $15 million.   

o  On April 1, 2016, we purchased certain assets of Atlantic Building Products, a distributor of decking, windows, siding, and
related products with 2 branches operating in eastern Pennsylvania with annual sales of approximately $5 million.   

o  On April 1, 2016, we purchased certain assets of Lyf-Tym Building Products, a distributor of siding, windows, gutters, vinyl
railings, and related products with 6 branches operating in North Carolina and Virginia with annual sales of approximately $20
million.   

o  On May 2, 2016, we purchased certain assets of Fox Brothers Company, a distributor of roofing, siding, windows, doors, and
related products with 4 branches operating in Michigan with annual sales of approximately $35 million.   

o  On June 1, 2016, we acquired 100% of the equity interests of Woodfeathers, Inc., a distributor of primarily residential roofing
and related products with 4 branches operating in Oregon and Washington with annual sales of approximately $30 million.   

Organic
Growth:    

-  We have continued to promote organic greenfield growth with the opening of 1 new branch in 2016, 6 new branches in 2015, and
26 new branches in 2014. These 33 new branch locations have allowed us to penetrate deeper into many of our existing markets and
establish a greater presence in new markets. In addition, RSG opened 9 new branches in 2015 and 9 new branches in 2014. Although
these new greenfield locations impact our operating cost structure slightly in the near-term, we believe that our greenfields are
strategically located within markets with strong dynamics and opportunity to quickly establish our presence and gain local market
share.   

General  

We sell all materials necessary to install,
replace and repair residential and non-residential roofs, including: 

Shingles, standard and specialty;   

Single-ply roofing;   

Metal roofing and accessories;   

Modified bitumen;   

Built-up roofing;   

Insulation;   

Slate and tile roofing;   

Fasteners, coatings and cements; and   

Other roofing accessories.   

We also sell complementary building products
such as: 

Vinyl, wood and fiber cement siding;   

Doors, windows and millwork;   

Decking and railing;   

Building insulation; and   

Waterproofing systems.   

We serve nearly 67,000
customers, none of which individually represents more than 2% of our total net sales. Many of our customers are small to mid-size
contractors with relatively limited capital resources. We maintain strict credit review and approval policies, which has helped
to keep losses from uncollectible customer receivables within our expectations. 

Our expenses consist primarily of the cost of
products purchased for resale, labor, fleet, occupancy, and selling and administrative expenses. We compete for business and may
respond to competitive pressures at times by lowering prices in order to maintain our market share. 

Results of Operations  

The following tables set
forth selected consolidated statement of operations data and such data as a percentage of net sales for each of the periods indicated: 

In managing our business, we consider all growth,
including the opening of new branches, to be organic growth unless it results from an acquisition. When we refer to growth in existing
markets or organic growth, we include growth from existing and newly opened branches but exclude growth from acquired branches
until they have been under our ownership for at least four full fiscal quarters at the start of the fiscal reporting period. When
we refer to regions, we are referring to our geographic regions. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had a total of
368 branches in operation. Our existing market calculations include 239 branches and exclude 129 branches because they were acquired
after the start of fiscal year 2015. Acquired markets for 2016 include activity from branches acquired under the ProCoat Systems,
Roofing Supply Group, RCI Roofing Supply, Roofing and Insulation Supply, Statewide Wholesale, Atlantic Building Products, Lyf-Tym
Building Products, Fox Brothers, and Woodfeathers acquisitions (See Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements).
When we refer to our net product costs, we are referring to our invoice cost less the impact of short-term buying programs (also
referred to as  special buys  given the manner in which they are offered). 

2016 vs. 2015   

The following table presents a summary of our
results of operations for the periods presented, broken down by existing markets and acquired markets: 

(1)      During
2016 and 2015, we recorded amortization expense related to intangible assets recorded under purchase accounting of $68.3 million
($57.5 million from acquired markets) and $16.2 million ($4.0 million from acquired markets), respectively. In addition,
operating expense for 2016 and 2015 included non-recurring charges of $51.9 million ($31.9 million, net of taxes) and $7.3 million
($7.0 million, net of taxes), respectively, for the recognition of certain charges related to acquisitions.  

Net Sales   

Consolidated net sales increased $1.61 billion,
or 64.1%, to $4.13 billion in 2016 from $2.52 billion in 2015. Existing market sales increased $226.6 million, or 9.9% over
the same comparative periods. We believe our 2016 existing market sales were influenced primarily by the following factors: 

increased demand in our residential, non-residential, and complementary products groups;   

strong storm activity across the Southwest region during 2016; and   

partially offset by: 

lower residential and non-residential roofing average selling prices.   

Net sales within our acquired markets were $1.61
billion in 2016, a significant increase from 2015 due to the impact of the acquisitions completed during 2016. In 2016, we acquired
a total of 127 branches and closed 34 branches. Closures were primarily a result of facility consolidations due to the acquisitions. 

We estimate the impact of inflation or deflation
on our sales and gross profit by looking at changes in our average selling prices and gross margins (discussed below). Average
overall selling prices in existing markets declined 2-3% in 2016 compared to 2015, driven primarily by declines in residential
and non-residential selling prices which were both down approximately 2-3% year-over-year. The average selling prices of complementary
products remained flat year-over-year. During the same period, net product costs for complementary products remained relatively
flat, while residential and non-residential net product costs decreased approximately 2-3% and 3-4%, year-over-year, respectively. 

Existing markets net sales by geographical region
increased (decreased) from 2015 to 2016 as follows: Northeast 5.1%; Mid-Atlantic 9.8%; Southeast 23.6%; Southwest 26.1%; Midwest
3.9%; West 10.0%; and Canada (3.1%). These variations were primarily caused by short-term factors such as local market conditions,
weather conditions, storm activity and foreign currency exchange rates. 

Product group sales for our existing markets
were as follows: 

For 2016, our acquired markets recognized sales
of $912.2 million, $492.4 million and $206.8 million in residential roofing products, non-residential roofing products and complementary
building products, respectively. The combination of our 2016 existing market sales of $2.51 billion plus the sales from acquired
markets of $1.61 billion equals our total 2016 sales of $4.13 billion. We believe the existing market information is useful to
investors because it helps explain organic growth or decline. 

Gross Profit   

Gross profit and gross margin for consolidated
and existing markets were as follows: 

1  Percentage changes for
dollar amounts represents the ratable increase or decrease from period-to-period. Percentage changes for percentages represent
the net period-to-period change in basis points 

Our existing market gross profit increased $76.2 million,
or 14.0%, to $619.7 million in 2016, and gross profit within our acquired markets was $393.4 million for the same period. Our overall
gross margins improved to 24.5% in 2016, due to a favorable shift in sales mix to residential products. Gross margins within our
existing markets for 2016 increased to 24.6%. 

During 2016, we experienced an increase in the
gross margins within our residential and non-residential product groups due to reduction in our net product costs which was greater
than the decline in our average selling prices. In addition during 2016, we experienced an overall increase in the gross margins
over the prior year due to a shift in sales mix to higher-margin residential products. 

Direct sales (products shipped by our vendors
directly to our customers), which typically have substantially lower gross margins (and operating expense) compared to our warehouse
sales, represented 15.8% and 16.3% of our net sales in 2016 and 2015, respectively. We believe variations in direct sales activity
to be primarily caused by short-term factors such as local market conditions, weather conditions and storm activity. None of these
variations were driven by material regional impacts from changes in the direct sales mix of our geographical regions. 

Operating Expense   

Operating expense for consolidated and existing
markets was as follows: 

1  Percentage changes for
dollar amounts represents the ratable increase or decrease from period-to-period. Percentage changes for percentages represent
the net period-to-period change in basis points 

Operating expense in our existing markets increased
by $29.2 million, or 6.9% in 2016, to $455.7 million, as compared to $426.4 million in 2015, while operating expense
within our acquired markets was $352.4 million in 2016. The following factors were the leading causes of the increased operating
expense in our existing markets: 

an increase in payroll and employee benefits costs of $28.3 million due to an increase in variable incentive and volume-related compensation; and   

an increase in stock-based compensation of $4.3 million   

partially offset by: 

a decrease in general and administrative, selling, warehouse and other expenses of $4.1 million   

During 2016 and 2015, we recorded amortization
expense related to the intangible assets recorded under purchase accounting within our existing markets of $10.8 million and
$12.2 million, respectively. Our existing markets operating expense as a percentage of the related net sales in 2016 was 17.7%,
compared to 18.6% in 2015. 

Interest Expense, Financing Costs and Other   

Interest expense, financing costs and other
expense was $58.5 million in 2016, as compared to $11.0 million in 2015. The primary driver of the increase is the additional
interest expense incurred related to acquisitions completed during 2016. 

Income Taxes   

Income tax expense was
$56.6 million in 2016, compared to $43.8 million in 2015. The increase in expense was primarily due to an increase in pre-tax income.
The effective tax rate decreased from 41.3% in 2015 to 38.6% in 2016, a change was primarily driven by non-deductible professional
fees incurred in 2015 related to the RSG acquisition and favorable tax adjustment items in 2016. 

2015 vs. 2014   

The following table presents a summary of our
results of operations for the periods presented, broken down by existing markets and acquired markets: 

(1)      During
2015 and 2014 we recorded amortization expense for our acquired markets related to intangible assets recorded under purchase accounting
of $16.2 million ($4.5 from acquired markets) and $14.1 million (none from acquired markets). In addition, operating expense for
2015 included a non-recurring charge of $7.3 million ($7.0 million, net of taxes) for the recognition of certain charges related
to the RSG acquisition.  

Net Sales   

Consolidated net sales increased $188.3 million,
or 8.1%, to $2.52 billion in 2015 from $2.33 billion in 2014. Existing market sales increased $103.2 million, or 4.4% over
the same comparative periods. We believe our 2015 existing market sales were influenced primarily by the following factors: 

increased demand in our residential and complementary products groups; 

increased selling prices in our complementary products group; and 

6 new greenfields branches opened in 2015, combined with 26 additional greenfield branches opened in 2014;   

partially offset by: 

lower direct sales activity; and 

lower residential roofing average selling prices.   

Net sales within our acquired markets were
$85.7 million in 2015, a significant increase from 2014 due to the sales impact from the acquisitions completed during 2014 and
2015. In 2015, we acquired a total of 8 branches, opened 6 new branches, and closed 4 branches. Closures were primarily a result
of facility consolidations due to the acquisitions. 

We estimate the impact of inflation or deflation
on our sales and gross profit by looking at changes in our average selling prices and gross margins (discussed below). Average
overall selling prices in existing markets declined 1% in 2015 compared to 2014, driven primarily by declines in residential selling
prices which were both down approximately 2-3% year-over-year. These declines were partially offset by continued increases in the
average selling prices of complementary products, which increased approximately 2% to 3% year over year. Non-residential selling
prices remained relatively flat (less than 1% movement). During the same period, net product costs of our residential roofing products
decreased approximately 2% to 3%, non-residential product costs remained relatively flat (less than 1% movement) and complementary
net product costs increased approximately 2%. 

Existing markets net sales by geographical region
increased (decreased) from 2014 to 2015 as follows: Northeast 7.2%; Mid-Atlantic 3.7%; Southeast 5.1%; Southwest (3.3%); Midwest
7.1%; West 14.1%; and Canada (0.2%). These variations were primarily caused by short-term factors such as local market conditions,
weather conditions, storm activity, and foreign currency exchange rates. 

Product group sales for our existing markets
were as follows: 

For 2015, our acquired markets recognized sales
of $44.5 million, $3.2 million and $38.0 million in residential roofing products, non-residential roofing products and complementary
building products, respectively. The combination of our 2015 existing market sales of $2.43 billion million plus the sales
from acquired markets of $85.7 million equals our total 2015 sales of $2.52 billion. We believe the existing market information
is useful to investors because it helps explain organic growth or decline. 

Gross Profit   

Gross profit and gross margin for consolidated
and existing markets were as follows: 

1  Percentage changes for
dollar amounts represents the ratable increase or decrease from period-to-period. Percentage changes for percentages represent
the net period-to-period change in basis points 

Our existing market gross profit increased $42.8 million,
or 8.1%, to $570.4 million in 2015, and gross profit within our acquired markets was $24.9 million for the same period. Our overall
gross margins improved to 23.7% in 2015, due to pricing increases across our complementary products as a result of increased demand
and the impact of acquisitions in 2015, combined with a favorable shift in our sales mix during 2015 towards residential and complementary
products, which generally have higher margins. Gross margins within our existing markets for 2015 increased to 23.5%. 

During 2015, we experienced an increase in the
gross margins within our residential and non-residential product group due to reduction in our net product costs which was greater
than the decline in our average selling prices. In addition during 2015, we experienced an overall increase in the gross margins
over the prior year due to a shift in sales mix to higher-margin residential products. 

Direct sales (products shipped by our vendors
directly to our customers), which typically have substantially lower gross margins (and operating expense) compared to our warehouse
sales, represented 16.4% and 18.2% of our net sales in 2015 and 2014, respectively. This decrease in the percentage of direct sales
was primarily attributable to the lower mix of non-residential roofing product sales, as well as lower roofing sales to lumber
yards and other building material suppliers, which are more commonly facilitated by direct shipment. None of these variations were
driven by material regional impacts from changes in the direct sales mix of our geographical regions. 

Operating Expense   

Operating expense for consolidated and existing
markets was as follows: 

1  Percentage changes for
dollar amounts represents the ratable increase or decrease from period-to-period. Percentage changes for percentages represent
the net period-to-period change in basis points 

Operating expense in our existing markets increased
by $18.2 million, or 4.3% in 2015, to $447.0 million, as compared to $428.7 million in 2014, while operating expense
within our acquired markets was $31.3 million in 2015. The following factors were the leading causes of the increased operating
expense in our existing markets: 

partially offset by: 

a decrease in bad debt expense of $1.5 million.   

During 2015 and 2014, we recorded amortization
expense related to the intangible assets recorded under purchase accounting within our existing markets of $11.6 million and
$14.1 million, respectively. Our existing markets operating expense as a percentage of the related net sales was 18.4% in both
2015 and 2014. 

Interest Expense, Financing Costs and Other   

Interest expense, financing costs and other
expense was $11.0 million in 2015, as compared to $10.1 million in 2014. The primary driver of the increase is the impact
of the interest rate derivatives we used to manage cash flow risk exposure stemming from changes in interest rates over the comparative
periods. 

Income Taxes   

Income tax expense was
$43.8 million in 2015, compared to $34.9 million in 2014. The increase was primarily due to an increase in pre-tax income as well
as an increase in our effective tax rate from 39.3% in 2014 to 41.3% in 2015. This increase was primarily driven by expense incurred
in 2015 from non-deductible professional fees related to the RSG acquisition that closed on October 1, 2015. 

Seasonality  

In general, sales and net income are highest
during our first, third and fourth fiscal quarters, which represent the peak months of construction and re-roofing, especially
in our branches in the northern and mid-western U.S. and in Canada. We have historically incurred low net income levels or net
losses during the second quarter when our sales are substantially lower. 

We generally experience an increase in inventory,
accounts receivable and accounts payable during the third and fourth quarters of the year as a result of the seasonality of our
business. Our peak cash usage generally occurs during the third quarter, primarily because accounts payable terms offered by our
suppliers typically have due dates in April, May and June, while our peak accounts receivable collections typically occur from
June through November. 

We generally experience a slowing of our accounts
receivable collections during our second quarter, mainly due to the inability of some of our customers to conduct their businesses
effectively in inclement weather in certain areas. We continue to attempt to collect those receivables, which require payment
under our standard terms. We do not provide material concessions to our customers during this quarter of the year. 

We generally experience our peak working capital
needs during the third quarter after we build our inventories following the winter season but before we begin collecting on most
of our spring receivables. 

Quarterly Financial Data  

The following table sets forth unaudited quarterly
data for 2016 and 2015 which, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments)
considered necessary for a fair presentation of this data. Results of any one or more quarters are not necessarily indicative of
results for an entire fiscal year or of continuing trends. 

Impact of Inflation  

We believe that our results of operations are
not materially impacted by moderate changes in the economic inflation rate. In general, we have historically been successful in
passing on price increases from our vendors to our customers in a timely manner. In both 2016 and 2015, we were able to offset
selling price declines with lower product costs and favorable product mix, largely from greenfields implemented since 2013 and
acquisitions made during both fiscal years. As result, we have recognized an increase in gross margin in each of the last two fiscal
years. 

Liquidity  

Liquidity is defined as the current amount of
readily available cash and the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the current needs for cash. We assess our liquidity
in terms of our cash and cash equivalents on hand and the ability to generate cash to fund our operating activities, taking into
consideration the seasonal nature of our business. 

Our principal sources of liquidity as of September
30, 2016 were our cash and cash equivalents of $31.4 million and our available borrowings of $315.3 million under our asset based
lending revolving credit facility. 

Significant factors which could affect future
liquidity include the following: 

the adequacy of available bank lines of credit;   

the ability to attract long-term capital with satisfactory terms;   

cash flows generated from operating activities;   

acquisitions; and   

capital expenditures.   

Our primary capital needs are for working capital
obligations and other general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and capital expenditures. Our primary sources of working
capital are cash from operations and cash equivalents supplemented by bank borrowings. In the past, we have financed larger acquisitions
initially through increased bank borrowings and the issuance of common stock. We then repay any such borrowings with cash flows
from operations. We have funded most of our capital expenditures with cash on hand or through increased bank borrowings, including
equipment financing, and then have reduced those obligations with cash flows from operations. 

We believe we have adequate current liquidity
and availability of capital to fund our present operations, meet our commitments on our existing debt and fund anticipated growth,
including expansion in existing and targeted market areas. We seek potential acquisitions from time to time and hold discussions
with certain acquisition candidates. If suitable acquisition opportunities or working capital needs arise that require additional
financing, we believe that our financial position and earnings history provide a sufficient base for obtaining additional financing
resources at reasonable rates and terms. We may also issue additional shares of common or preferred stock to raise funds, which
we last did in December 2005. 

The following table summarizes our cash flows
for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Operating Activities   

Our net cash provided by operating activities
was $120.6 million in 2016, compared to $109.3 million provided by operating activities in 2015. Cash from operations increased
$11.3 million due to an increase in net income after adjustments for non-cash items of $122.0 million, offset by a greater usage
of working capital of $110.7 million. 

Our net cash provided by operating activities
was $109.3 million in 2015, compared to $55.5 million provided by operating activities in 2014. Cash from operations increased
$53.9 million due to an increase in net income after adjustments for non-cash items of $28.2 million and an increase in net working
capital of $25.7 million that was mainly driven by a decrease in inventories. 

Investing Activities   

Net cash used in investing activities was $1.04
billion in 2016, compared to $104.7 million used in investing activities in 2015. During 2016, we spent $1.02 billion on acquisitions.
Capital expenditures were $26.3 million in 2016, compared to $20.8 million in 2015. 

Net cash used in investing activities was $104.7
million in 2015, compared to $37.3 million used in investing activities in 2014. During 2015, we spent $85.3 million on acquisitions.
Capital expenditures were $20.8 million in 2015, compared to $37.2 million in 2014. 

Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by financing activities was
$906.9 million in 2016, compared to $12.7 million used in financing activities in 2015. The net increase of $919.6 million was
primarily due to the new financing agreements that we entered into as a result of the RSG acquisition offset by repayments and
payment of deferred financing costs. In addition, proceeds from the issuance of common stock increased by $16.6 million to $24.2
million in 2016, as compared to $7.9 million in 2015. 

Net cash used in financing activities was $12.7 million in 2015,
compared to $9.8 million used in financing activities in 2014. The net variance of $2.9 million was primarily due to repayments
under our revolving lines of credit and equipment financing facilities of $66.3 million, offset by an additional $63.1 million
of borrowings under our revolving lines of credit. 

Monitoring and Assessing Collectability of Accounts Receivable   

We perform periodic credit evaluations of our
customers and typically do not require collateral, although we typically obtain payment and performance bonds for any type of public
work and have the ability to lien projects under certain circumstances. Consistent with industry practices, we require payment
from most customers within 30 days, except for sales to our non-residential roofing contractors, which we typically require
to pay in 60 days. 

As our business is seasonal in certain geographic
regions, our customers  businesses are also seasonal. Sales are lowest in the winter months and our past due accounts receivable
balance as a percentage of total receivables generally increases during this time. Throughout the year, we closely monitor our
receivables and record estimated reserves based upon our judgment of specific customer situations, aging of accounts and our historical
write-offs of uncollectible accounts. 

Our regional credit offices are staffed to manage
and monitor our receivable aging balances and our systems allow us to enforce pre-determined credit approval levels and properly
leverage new business. The credit pre-approval process denotes the maximum requested credit amount that each level of management
can approve, with the highest credit amount requiring approval by our CEO and CFO. There are daily communications with branch
and field staff. Our regional offices conduct periodic reviews with their branch managers, various regional management staff and
the VP-Credit. Depending on the state of the respective region s receivables, these reviews can be weekly, bi-weekly or monthly.
Additionally, the regions are required to submit a monthly receivable forecast to the VP-Credit. On a monthly basis, the VP-Credit
will review and discuss these forecasts, as well as a prior month recap, with the CEO and CFO. 

Periodically, we perform a specific analysis
of all accounts past due and write off account balances when we have exhausted reasonable collection efforts and determined that
the likelihood of collection is remote based upon the following factors: 

aging statistics and trends;   

customer payment history;   

review of the customer s financial statements when available;   

independent credit reports; and   

discussions with customers.   

We still pursue collection of amounts written
off in certain circumstances and credit the allowance for any subsequent recoveries. Over the past three fiscal years, bad debt
expense has been, on average, 0.07% of net sales. The continued limitation of bad debt expense is primarily attributed to
the continued strengthening of the economy and credit environment. 

Commitments   

At September 30, 2016, contractual obligations
were as follows (in thousands): 

(1)   
      Interest payments reflect all currently scheduled amounts along with projected amounts to be paid under the Senior Secured Credit Facility as calculated using the current LIBOR rate at September 30, 2016 for all future periods.   

Capital Resources  

We currently have the following credit facilities: 

an asset-based revolving line of credit facility in the United States;   

an asset-based revolving line of credit facility in Canada;   

a term loan facility; and   

Senior notes   

In connection with the RSG acquisition on October
1, 2015, we entered into various financing arrangements totaling $1.45 billion. These arrangements allowed us to refinance our
existing debt and substantially pay off all the RSG debt at closing. Prior to the RSG acquisition, we had a credit facility with
a syndicate of commercial banks that included a revolver and a long term note. As of the date of the RSG acquisition, approximately
$185.6 million was outstanding on the long-term note payable and approximately $11.2 million was outstanding under the revolver. 

We entered into a  Senior Secured Credit
Facility , comprised of an asset-based revolving line of credit facility ( ABL  or  ABL Facility )
of $700.0 million ($350.0 million of which was drawn at closing) and a new $450.0 million term loan facility ( Term Loan 
or  Term Loan Facility ). We also issued $300.0 million of Senior Notes. 

Asset-based Line of Credit Facility ( ABL Facility )   

On October 1, 2015, we entered into a $700.0
million ABL Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and a syndicate of other lenders. This ABL Facility consists of revolving loans
in both the United States ( U.S. Revolver ) in the amount of $670.0 million and Canada ( Canada Revolver )
in the amount of $30.0 million. The ABL Facility has a maturity date of October 1, 2020. 

The U.S. Revolver has various tranches of
borrowings, bearing interest at rates ranging from 2.02% to 4.00%. The effective rate of these borrowings is 2.90% and is
paid monthly. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance on the U.S. Revolver and Canada Revolvers, net of debt
issuance fees, was $359.7 million. The U.S. Revolver also has outstanding standby letters of credit in the amount of $12.8
million as of September 30, 2016. Current unused commitment fees on the revolving credit facilities are 0.25% per annum. 

There is one financial covenant under the ABL
Facility, which is a Consolidated Fixed Charge Ratio. As defined in the ABL Facility, the Consolidated Fixed Charge Ratio must
be at least minimum of 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter, calculated on a trailing four quarter basis. The covenant is only
applicable when the borrowing availability is less than 10% of the maximum loan cap or $60.0 million. 

The ABL Facility is guaranteed
jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally by our active United States subsidiary. 

Term Loan   

On October 1, 2015, we entered into a $450.0
million Term Loan Facility with Citibank N.A., and a syndicate of other lenders. The Term Loan requires quarterly principal payments
in the amount of $1.1 million, with the remaining outstanding principal to be paid on its maturity date of October 1, 2022. The
interest rate paid is based on a LIBOR rate (with a floor) plus a fixed spread. We have the option of selecting a LIBOR period
that determines the rate at which interest can accrue on the Term Loan as well as the period in which interest payments are made.
On September 16, 2016, we refinanced our Term Loan and lowered the LIBOR floor by 25 basis points and lowered the spread by 25
basis points. As a result of the refinancing we wrote off $1.6 million of debt issuance costs in interest expense. As of September
30, 2016 the outstanding balance on the Term Loan, net of debt issuance fees, was $436.4 million. 

The Term Loan is guaranteed jointly and severally
and fully and unconditionally by our active United States subsidiary. 

Senior Notes   

We also raised $300.0 million in Senior Notes,
which mature on October 1, 2023. These notes bear interest at the rate of 6.38% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on April
1 and October 1 of each year, beginning April 1, 2016. There are early payment provisions in the Senior Note indenture in which
we would be subject to  make whole  provisions. Management anticipates repaying the notes at the maturity date of October
1, 2023. As of September 30, 2016 the outstanding balance on the Senior Notes, net of debt issuance fees, was $291.0 million. 

The Senior Notes are guaranteed jointly and
severally and fully and unconditionally by active United States subsidiary. 

Equipment Financing Facilities and Other Financing Arrangements   

As of September 30, 2016, there was a total
of $20.4 million outstanding under equipment financing facilities, with fixed interest rates ranging from 2.33% to 3.25% and payments
due through September 2021. 

We have capital leases in the amount of $25.0
million outstanding as of September 30, 2016. These leases have interest rates ranging from 2.72% to 10.39% with payments due through
November 2021. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accounting policies, methods and estimates are an integral part of the preparation
of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and, in part, are based upon management s current judgments.
Those judgments are normally based on knowledge and experience with regard to past and current events and assumptions about future
events. Certain accounting policies, methods and estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to the consolidated
financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting them may differ markedly from management s
current judgments. While there are a number of accounting policies, methods and estimates affecting our consolidated financial
statements, areas that are particularly significant include: 

Inventories    

Business Combinations     

Goodwill and Intangible Assets    

Evaluation of Long-Lived Assets    

Income Taxes    

Inventories   

Inventories, consisting substantially of
finished goods, are valued at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value). Cost is determined using the moving weighted-average
cost method. 

Our arrangements with vendors typically
provide for rebates after we make a special purchase and/or monthly, quarterly and/or annual rebates of a specified amount of consideration
payable when a number of measures have been achieved. Annual rebates are generally related to a specified cumulative level of purchases
on a calendar-year basis. We account for such rebates as a reduction of the inventory value until the product is sold, at which
time such rebates reduce cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. Throughout the year, we estimate the amount
of the periodic rebates based upon the expected level of purchases. We continually revise these estimates to reflect actual rebates
earned based on actual purchase levels. Amounts due from vendors under these arrangements are included in  Prepaid expenses
and other current assets  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Business Combinations   

We record acquisitions
resulting in the consolidation of a business using the acquisition method of accounting. Under this method, we record the assets
acquired, including intangible assets that can be identified and named, and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values
at the date of acquisition. The purchase price in excess of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded
as goodwill. Various assumptions are used in the determination of these estimated fair values. Including items such sales growth
rates, cost synergies, customer attrition rates, discount rates, and other prospective financial information. We believe these
estimates are based on reasonable assumptions, however they are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, therefore actual results
may differ. Estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available regarding
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Transaction costs associated with acquisitions are expensed as incurred. 

Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangibles   

On an annual basis and at interim periods
when circumstances require, we test the recoverability of its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. Examples of such
indicators include a significant change in the business climate, unexpected competition, loss of key personnel or a decline in
our market capitalization below net book value. 

We perform impairment assessments at the
reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, also known as a component.
We currently have five components which we evaluate for aggregation by examining the distribution methods, sales mix, and operating
results of each component to determine if these characteristics will be sustained over a long-term basis. For purposes of this
evaluation, we expect components to exhibit similar economic characteristics 3-5 years after events such as an acquisition within
our core roofing business or management/business restructuring. Components that exhibit similar economic characteristics are subsequently
aggregated into a single reporting unit. Based on our most recent impairment assessment performed as of August 31, 2016, it was
determined that all components exhibited similar economic characteristics, and therefore should be aggregated into a single reporting
unit (collectively the  Reporting Unit ). 

To test for the recoverability of goodwill
and indefinite-lived intangible assets, we first perform a qualitative assessment based on economic, industry and company-specific
factors for all or selected reporting units to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is
more likely than not that the goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. Based on the results of the qualitative
assessment, two additional steps in the impairment assessment may be required. The first step would require a comparison of each
reporting unit s fair value to the respective carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, a second step
is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss on a relative fair value basis, if any. 

Based on our most recent impairment assessment
performed as of August 31, 2016, we concluded that there were no indicators of impairment, and that it was more likely than not
that the fair value of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeded their net carrying amount, therefore the quantitative
two-step impairment test was not required. This conclusion is consistent with the fact that sales increased from the prior year
by 59%. In addition, gross profit increased by 63% compared to the prior year. The increase in gross profit reflects a favorable
shift in our sales mix in 2016 towards residential and complementary products and a reduction in our net product costs that was
greater than the decline in our average selling prices. Additionally, the gross profit was positively impacted by multiple acquisitions
in fiscal year 2016. Our total market capitalization exceeded carrying value by approximately 48% as of August 31, 2016. This compares
to 206% and 173% for that same measure as of August 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We did not identify and macroeconomic, industry
conditions or cost-related factors that would indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was
less than its carrying value. 

Evaluation of Long-Lived Assets   

We amortize our identifiable intangible
assets, currently consisting of non-compete agreements and customer relationships because these assets have finite lives. Non-compete
agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the associated contractual agreements; customer relationship
assets are amortized on an accelerated basis based on the expected cash flows generated by the existing customers; and deferred
financing costs are amortized over the lives of the associated financings using the effective interest method. Amortizable intangible
assets are tested for impairment, when deemed necessary, based on undiscounted cash flows and, if impaired, are written down to
fair value based on either discounted cash flows or appraised values. 

Income Taxes   

We account for income taxes using the liability
method, which requires us to recognize a current tax liability or asset for current taxes payable or refundable and a deferred
tax liability or asset for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax reporting
bases of assets and liabilities to the extent that they are realizable. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change
in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year. 

FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ( ASC
740 ) prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Based on this guidance, we analyze our filing positions in
all of the federal and state jurisdictions where we are required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these
jurisdictions. Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable
based solely on its technical merits. 

ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK  

We are exposed to certain market risks as
part of our on-going business operations. Our primary exposure includes changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. 

Interest Rate Risk   

Our interest rate risk relates primarily
to the variable-rate borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit Facility. The following discussion of our interest rate is based
on a 10% change in interest rates. These changes are hypothetical scenarios used to calibrate potential risk and do not represent
our view of future market changes. As the hypothetical figures discussed below indicate, changes in fair value based on the assumed
change in rates generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value
may not be linear. The effect of a variation in a particular assumption is calculated without changing any other assumption. In
reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which may magnify or counteract the sensitivities. 

As of September 30, 2016, net of debt issuance
fees, we had $359.7 million and $436.4 million of revolver borrowings and outstanding term loans, respectively, under our
Secured Senior Credit Facility, $291.0 million outstanding under our Senior Notes and $45.4 million outstanding under our equipment
financing facilities. Borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit facility incur interest on a floating rate basis while borrowings
under our Senior Notes and equipment lease facilities incur interest on a fixed rate basis. 

As of September 30, 2016, our weighted-average
effective interest rate was 2.3% on our Senior Secured Credit Facility and Senior Notes, compared to 3.4% as of September 30, 2015.
As of September 30, 2016, the financial impact of a hypothetical 10% interest rate fluctuation in effect at that date would be
immaterial. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk   

We have exposure to foreign currency exchange
rate fluctuations for net sales generated by our operations outside the United States, which can adversely impact our net income
and cash flows. Approximately 4% of our net sales in 2016 were derived from sales to customers in Canada. This business is primarily
conducted in the local currency. This exposes us to risks associated with changes in foreign currency that can adversely affect
net sales, net income and cash flows. A 10% fluctuation of foreign currency exchange rates would not have a material impact on
our results of operations or cash flows, therefore we currently do not enter into financial instruments to manage this minimal
foreign currency exchange risk. 

ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA  

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.   

  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Report
of Ernst   Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive income, stockholders  equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September
30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. at September 30, 2016
and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September
30, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. s internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control     Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 22, 2016
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  

/s/ ERNST   YOUNG LLP   

McLean, Virginia 

 November 22, 2016 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 (In thousands, except share and per share
amounts) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements  

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

 (In thousands, except share and per share
amounts) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements  

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income  

 (In thousands) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements  

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity  

 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements  

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

 (In thousands) 

During the period, the Company issued Common
Stock with a value of $302 million and replacement awards with a value of $5 million in connection with the acquisition of Roofing
Supply Group, LLC., which are accounted for as a non-cash investing activity. 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements  

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

 (In thousands, except share and per share
amounts or otherwise indicated) 

1. Company Overview   

Business  

Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (the  Company )
was incorporated in the state of Delaware on August 22, 1997 and is a leading distributor of residential and non-residential roofing
materials and other complementary building materials. The Company operates its business under regional and local trade names and
services customers in 46 states within the United States and 6 provinces in Canada. The Company s current material subsidiaries
are Beacon Sales Acquisition, Inc., Beacon Canada, Inc. and Beacon Roofing Supply Canada Company. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation   

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All inter-company transactions have been eliminated. Certain prior
period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Significant items subject to such estimates include inventories, purchase price allocations, recoverability of goodwill and intangibles,
and income taxes. Actual amounts could differ from those estimates. 

Fiscal Year   

The fiscal years presented are the years
ended September 30, 2016 ( 2016 ), September 30, 2015 ( 2015 ), and September 30, 2014 ( 2014 ).
Each of the Company s first three quarters ends on the last day of the calendar month. 

Segment Information   

Operating segments are defined as components
of a business that can earn revenue and incur expenses for which discrete financial information is evaluated on a regular basis
by the chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) in order to decide how to allocate resources and assess performance.
The Company s CODM, the Chief Executive Officer, reviews consolidated results of operations to make decisions, therefore
the Company views its operations and manages its business as one operating segment. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents also include
unsettled credit card transactions. Cash equivalents are comprised of money market funds which invest primarily in commercial paper
or bonds with a rating of A-1 or better, and bank certificates of deposit. 

Accounts Receivable    

Accounts receivables are derived from unpaid
invoiced amounts and are recorded at their net realizable value. Each month the Company reviews its receivables on a customer-by-customer
basis and evaluates whether an allowance for doubtful accounts is necessary based on any known or perceived collection issues.
The allowance for doubtful accounts represents the Company s estimate of credit exposure for each customer. Any balances
that are eventually deemed uncollectible are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted
and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company s accounts receivable are primarily from customers in the
building industry located in the United States and Canada, and no single customer represented at least 10% of the Company s
revenue during the year ended September 30, 2016, or accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016.  

Concentrations of Risk   

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The
Company maintains the majority of its cash and cash equivalents with one financial institution, which management believes to be
financially sound and with minimal credit risk. The Company s deposits periodically exceed amounts guaranteed by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

Inventories   

Inventories, consisting substantially of
finished goods, are valued at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value). Cost is determined using the moving weighted-average
cost method. 

The Company s arrangements with vendors
typically provide for rebates after it makes a special purchase and/or monthly, quarterly and/or annual rebates of a specified
amount of consideration payable when a number of measures have been achieved. Annual rebates are generally related to a specified
cumulative level of purchases on a calendar-year basis. The Company accounts for such rebates as a reduction of the inventory value
until the product is sold, at which time such rebates reduce cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. Throughout
the year, the Company estimates the amount of the periodic rebates based upon the expected level of purchases. The Company continually
revises these estimates to reflect actual rebates earned based on actual purchase levels. Amounts due from vendors under these
arrangements are included in  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment acquired in connection
with acquisitions are recorded at fair value as of the date of the acquisition and depreciated utilizing the straight-line method
over the estimated remaining lives. All other additions are recorded at cost, and depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method. The Company reviews the estimated useful lives of its fixed assets on an ongoing basis and the following table summarizes
the estimates currently used: 

Asset Class   
       
       Estimated Useful Life    
 
      Buildings and improvements  
       
      40 years   
 
      Equipment  
       
      3 to 7 years   
 
      Furniture and fixtures  
       
      7 years   
 
      Leasehold improvements  
       
      Shorter of the estimated useful life or the term of the lease, considering renewal options expected to be exercised.   

Business Combinations   

The Company records
acquisitions resulting in the consolidation of a business using the acquisition method of accounting. Under this method, the acquiring
Company records the assets acquired, including intangible assets that can be identified and named, and liabilities assumed based
on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The purchase price in excess of the fair value of the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Various assumptions are used in the determination of these estimated fair values.
Including items such sales growth rates, cost synergies, customer attrition rates, discount rates, and other prospective financial
information. Estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available regarding
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Transaction costs associated with acquisitions are expensed as incurred. 

Goodwill and Intangibles   

On an annual basis and at interim periods
when circumstances require, the Company tests the recoverability of its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. Examples
of such indicators include a significant change in the business climate, unexpected competition, loss of key personnel or a decline
in the Company s market capitalization below the Company s net book value. 

The Company performs impairment assessments
at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, also known as a
component. The Company currently has five components which it evaluates for aggregation by examining the distribution methods,
sales mix, and operating results of each component to determine if these characteristics will be sustained over a long-term basis.
For purposes of this evaluation, the Company expects its components to exhibit similar economic characteristics 3-5 years after
events such as an acquisition within the Company s core roofing business or management/business restructuring. Components
that exhibit similar economic characteristics are subsequently aggregated into a single reporting unit. Based on the Company s
most recent impairment assessment performed as of August 31, 2016, it was determined that all of the Company s components
exhibited similar economic characteristics, and therefore should be aggregated into a single reporting unit (collectively the  Reporting
Unit ). 

To test for the recoverability of goodwill
and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company first performs a qualitative assessment based on economic, industry and company-specific
factors for all or selected reporting units to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is
more likely than not that the goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. Based on the results of the qualitative
assessment, two additional steps in the impairment assessment may be required. The first step would require a comparison of each
reporting unit s fair value to the respective carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, a second step
is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss on a relative fair value basis, if any. 

Based on the Company s most recent
qualitative impairment assessment performed as of August 31, 2016, the Company concluded that there were no indicators of impairment,
and that therefore it was more likely than not that the fair value of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeded
their net carrying amount, therefore the quantitative two-step impairment test was not required. 

The Company amortizes certain identifiable
intangible assets, currently consisting of non-compete agreements and customer relationships because these assets have finite lives.
Non-compete agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the associated contractual agreements; customer
relationship assets are amortized on an accelerated basis based on the expected cash flows generated by the existing customers;
and deferred financing costs are amortized over the lives of the associated financings using the effective interest method. Amortizable
intangible assets are tested for impairment, when deemed necessary, based on undiscounted cash flows and, if impaired, are written
down to fair value based on either discounted cash flows or appraised values. 

Evaluation of Long-Lived Assets   

The Company evaluates the recoverability
of its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not
be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows
the asset is expected to generate. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference
between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. 

Fair Value Measurement   

The Company applies fair value accounting
for all financial assets and liabilities that are reported at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. The accounting guidance establishes a defined three-tier hierarchy to classify
and disclose the fair value of assets and liabilities on both the date of their initial measurement as well as all subsequent periods.
The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value by the lowest level of input that is available and significant
to the fair value measurement. The three levels are described as follows: 

Level 1 : Observable inputs. Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;   

Level 2 : Observable inputs other than the quoted price. Includes quoted prices for similar instruments, quoted prices
for identical or similar instruments in inactive markets and amounts derived from valuation models where all significant inputs
are observable in active markets; and   

Level 3 : Unobservable inputs. Includes amounts derived from valuation models where one or more significant inputs are
unobservable and require the Company to develop relevant assumptions.   

The Company evaluates its financial assets
and liabilities subject to fair value measurements on a recurring basis to determine the appropriate level of classification as
of each reporting period. 

Financial Derivatives   

The Company has entered into interest rate
swaps to minimize the risks and costs associated with financing activities, as well as to maintain an appropriate mix of fixed-rate
and floating-rate debt. The swap agreements are contracts to exchange variable-rate for fixed-interest rate payments over the life
of the agreements. The Company's derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedges, for which the Company records the effective
portions of changes in their fair value, net of tax, in other comprehensive income. The Company recognizes any ineffective portion
of the hedges in the consolidated statement of operations through interest expense, financing costs and other. 

Net Sales   

The Company recognizes revenue (net sales
on the consolidated statement of operations) when the following four basic criteria are met: 

persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;    

delivery has occurred or services have been rendered;    

the price to the buyer is fixed and determinable; and    

collectability is reasonability assured.    

Based on these criteria, the Company generally
recognizes revenue at the point of sale or upon delivery to the customer site. For goods shipped by third party carriers, the Company
recognizes revenue upon shipment since the terms are generally FOB shipping point. The Company also arranges for certain products
to be shipped directly from the manufacturer to the customer. The Company recognizes the gross revenue for these sales upon shipment
as the terms are FOB shipping point. 

Leases   

The Company leases the majority of its facilities
and enters into various other operating lease agreements in conducting its business. At the inception of each lease, the Company
evaluates the lease agreement to determine whether the lease is an operating or capital lease. Operating lease expenses are recognized
in the statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the term of the related lease. Some of the Company s lease
agreements may contain renewal options, tenant improvement allowances, rent holidays or rent escalation clauses. When such items
are included in a lease agreement, the Company records a deferred rent asset or liability on the consolidated balance sheets equal
to the difference between the rent expense and cash rent payments. 

The cost of property and equipment acquired under capital lease
arrangements represents the lesser of the present value of the minimum lease payments or the fair value of the leased asset as
of the inception of the lease. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company applies the fair value method
to recognize compensation expense for stock-based awards. Using this method, the estimated grant-date fair value of the award is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period based on the portion of the award that is expected to vest.
The Company estimates forfeitures at the time of grant and revises the estimates, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual
forfeitures differ from those estimates. For awards with a performance-based vesting condition, the Company accrues stock-based
compensation expense if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. 

Stock-based compensation expense for restricted
stock units is measured based on the fair value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The Company utilizes the
Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the grant-date fair value of option awards. The exercise price of option awards
is set to equal the estimated fair value of the common stock at the date of the grant. The following weighted-average assumptions
are also used to calculate the estimated fair value of option awards: 

Expected volatility : The expected volatility of the Company s
shares is estimated using the historical stock price volatility over the most recent period commensurate with the estimated expected
term of the awards.    

Expected term : For employee stock option awards, the Company
determines the weighted average expected term equal to the weighted period between the vesting period and the contract life of
all outstanding options.    

Dividend yield : The Company has not paid dividends and does
not anticipate paying a cash dividend in the foreseeable future and, accordingly, uses an expected dividend yield of zero.    

Risk-free interest rate : The Company bases the risk-free interest
rate on the implied yield available on a U.S. Treasury note with a term equal to the estimated expected term of the awards.    

Foreign Currency Translation   

The Company s operations located outside of the United
States where the local currency is the functional currency are translated into U.S. dollars using the current rate method. Results
of operations are translated at the average rate of exchange for the period. Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing
rates on the period end date. Gains and losses on translation of these accounts are accumulated and reported as a separate component
of equity and other comprehensive income (loss). Gains and losses on foreign currency transactions are recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations as a component of interest expense, financing costs, and other. 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes using
the liability method, which requires it to recognize a current tax liability or asset for current taxes payable or refundable and
a deferred tax liability or asset for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement
and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities to the extent that they are realizable. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results
from the net change in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year. 

FASB ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition
threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. Based on this guidance, the Company analyzes its filing positions in all of the federal and state
jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. Tax benefits
from uncertain tax positions are recognized if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable based solely on its
technical merits. 

Net Income per Share   

The Company s basic net income per
share attributable to common stockholders is calculated by dividing the net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. 

The Company s diluted net income per
share is calculated by giving effect to all potentially dilutive common stock equivalents when determining the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding. For purposes of the dilutive net income per share calculation, common shares issuable upon
the exercise of stock options or release of restricted stock units are considered to be common stock equivalents. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements- Adopted   

In April 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-03,   Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. This guidance requires that
debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying
amount of the associated debt liability, consistent with the required presentation for debt discounts. This update is effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within those fiscal years
and early adoption is permitted. Upon adoption, an entity must apply the new guidance retrospectively to all prior periods presented
in the financial statements. The Company elected to early adopt this new guidance effective October 1, 2015. The adoption of this
standard changed the Company s previous practice of presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and resulted in the reduction
of total assets and total liabilities in an amount equal to the balance of unamortized debt issuance costs at each balance sheet
date presented. Debt issuance costs that are now presented as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of the associated debt
liability amounted to $25.2 million, $4.2 million, and $2.5 million as of September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,
  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments .  This guidance eliminates the requirement to
restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments related to business combinations. It requires that
the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment, including the impact on prior periods, be recognized in the reporting
period in which the adjustment is identified. In addition, the portion of the adjustment recorded in the current period that would
have been recognized in prior periods had the adjustment been identified at that time must be presented, by line item, either on
the face of the income statement or in the accompanying notes. This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. The Company elected to early adopt this new guidance effective
January 1, 2016 and the impact on the financial statements through the year ended September 30, 2016 was immaterial. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes .  This guidance requires entities to present deferred tax assets
and deferred tax liabilities as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period, and early adoption is permitted. Entities are
permitted to apply this guidance either prospectively or retrospectively. The Company adopted the guidance as of March 31, 2016
and applied it retrospectively to all prior periods. As a result, the Company reclassified its current deferred tax balances of
$2.3 million to non-current deferred taxes as of September 30, 2015. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements- Not Yet Adopted   

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers .  This guidance requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue
to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, and will replace most existing
revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for public business entities
for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, and early adoption is permitted for annual periods beginning after December
31, 2016. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company has not
selected a transition method and is currently evaluating the impact that this guidance may have on its financial statements and
related disclosures. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,
  Inventory:   Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   This guidance applies to inventory valued at first-in,
first-out (FIFO) or average cost and requires inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value, rather than
at the lower of cost or market. ASU 2015-11 is effective on a prospective basis for annual periods, including interim reporting
periods within those periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company reports inventory on an average-cost basis and thus
will be required to adopt the standard. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this guidance may have on its financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
  Leases .  The ASU will replace most existing accounting for lease guidance when it becomes effective. This guidance
is effective for the Company beginning on October 1, 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The standard must be adopted using the
modified retrospective approach. The standard will require the Company to record a right to use asset and a lease liability for
most of the Company s leases including the Company s leases currently treated as operating leases. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact that this guidance may have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
  Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . This ASU is intended
to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes,
forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The provisions
of this standard are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. The provisions
of this standard contain specific transition guidance for each amendment. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this
guidance may have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . This ASU
is intended to introduce a revised approach to the recognition and measurement of credit losses, emphasizing an updated model based
on expected losses rather than incurred losses. The provisions of this standard are effective for reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this guidance may have on
its financial statements and related disclosures. 

3. Acquisitions  

Roofing Supply Group   

On October 1, 2015, the Company acquired
100% of the equity of Roofing Supply Group, LLC ( RSG ), a leading roofing products distributor owned by investment
firm Clayton, Dubilier   Rice ( CD R ). RSG s results of operations have been included with Company s
consolidated results beginning October 1, 2015. RSG distributed roofing supplies and related materials from 85 locations across
25 states as of the date of the close. 

Total consideration paid for RSG was approximately
$1.17 billion, out of which $288.2 million was in cash, $306.8 million of Company s common stock and option replacement awards,
and $574.4 million in refinancing of RSG s indebtedness. The RSG long-term debt was repaid simultaneously with the proceeds
of a new ABL Revolver, Term Loan and Senior Notes (see Note 8). 

In connection with the RSG Acquisition,
the Company was required to issue equity awards to certain RSG employees in replacement of RSG equity awards that were cancelled
at closing. The replacement awards consisted of options to purchase 661,349 shares of the Company s common stock. The terms
and fair value of these awards approximated the cancelled RSG awards on the issuance date. The fair value of the replacement awards
associated with services rendered through the date of the RSG Acquisition was recognized as a component of the total acquisition
consideration, and the remaining fair value of the replaced awards associated with post RSG Acquisition services will be recognized
as an expense on a straight-line basis over the remaining service period. 

The RSG Acquisition has been accounted for
as a business combination in accordance with the requirements of  ASC 805 Business Combinations . The acquisition price has
been allocated among assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value based on information currently available, with the excess
recorded as goodwill. The goodwill recognized is attributable primarily to expected synergies and the assembled workforce of RSG.
These come from the synergies that are obtained in operating the branches as part of a larger network, and from an experienced
employee base skilled at managing a distribution business. The Company has finalized the acquisition accounting entries for the
RSG Acquisition, detailed as follows (in thousands): 

RSG s future growth attributable to
new customers, geographic market presence and assembled workforce are additional assets that are not separable and which contributed
to recorded goodwill, of which $86.1 million is tax deductible as of the October 1, 2015 RSG acquisition date. All of the Company s
goodwill plus the indefinite-lived trade name are tested for impairment annually, and all acquired goodwill and intangible assets
are subject to review for impairment should future indicators of impairment develop. The fair value of accounts receivables acquired
is $177.3 million, with the gross contractual amount being $185.9 million. 

Net sales and net loss from the RSG Acquisition
included in the Company s statements of operations for the year ended September 30, 2016 was $1.4 billion and $10.3 million,
respectively. The following table represents the unaudited pro forma consolidated revenue and net income (loss) for the Company
for the prior periods indicated (in thousands, except per share amount): 

The above pro forma results have been calculated
by combining the historical results of the Company and RSG as if it had occurred on October 1, 2014, and adjusting the income tax
provision as if it had been calculated on the combined results. The pro forma results include an estimate for all periods for intangible
asset amortization (subject to change when the final asset values have been determined), stock compensation expense, interest expense,
and also reflect $58.2 million of direct acquisition costs in fiscal 2015 instead of in 2016, however they do not include the impact
of any cost synergies realized as a result of the acquisition. No other material pro forma adjustments to the 2015 acquisitions
were deemed necessary to conform with the Company s accounting policies. The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative
of the results that would have been achieved had the transactions occurred on October 1, 2014 or that may be achieved in the future. 

Other Acquisitions   

During the year ended September 30, 2016,
the Company acquired 42 branches from the following seven additional acquisitions: 

On December 1, 2015, the Company purchased certain assets of RCI Roofing
Supply, a distributor of residential and commercial roofing and related products with 5 branches operating in Nebraska, Iowa and
Colorado with annual sales of approximately $23 million.    

On December 18, 2015, the Company acquired 100% of the equity interests
of Roofing and Insulation Supply, a distributor primarily of residential and commercial insulation along with
roofing and related products with 20 branches spanning 13 states operating across New England, the Mid-Atlantic, the Southeast,
the Upper Midwest, Texas and Colorado with annual sales of approximately $70 million.    

On December 29, 2015, the Company purchased certain assets of Statewide
Wholesale, a distributor of residential and commercial roofing and related products with 1 branch located in Denver, Colorado with
annual sales of approximately $15 million.    

On April 1, 2016, the Company purchased certain assets of Atlantic
Building Products, a distributor of decking, windows, siding, and related products with 2 branches operating in eastern Pennsylvania
with annual sales of approximately $5 million.    

On April 1, 2016, the Company purchased certain assets of Lyf-Tym
Building Products, a distributor of siding, windows, gutters, vinyl railings, and related products with 6 branches operating in
North Carolina and Virginia with annual sales of approximately $20 million.    

On May 2, 2016, the Company purchased certain assets of Fox Brothers
Company, a distributor of roofing, siding, windows, doors, and related products with 4 branches operating in Michigan with annual
sales of approximately $35 million.    

On June 1, 2016, the Company acquired 100% of the equity interests
of Woodfeathers, Inc., a distributor of primarily residential roofing and related products with 4 branches operating in Oregon
and Washington with annual sales of approximately $30 million.    

The Company recorded the preliminary acquired
assets and liabilities related to these transactions at their estimated fair values as of the respective acquisition dates, with
resulting goodwill of $84.8 million ($59.8 million of which is deductible for tax purposes) and $60.8 million in intangible assets
associated with these other acquisitions. The Company s allocation of the purchase price is subject to change on receipt
of additional information, including, but not limited to, the finalization of asset
valuations (intangible and fixed) and income tax accounting. 

The Company has not
provided pro forma results of operations for any acquisitions besides RSG completed in fiscal years 2015 or 2016 herein as they
were not material to the Company on either an individual or an aggregate basis. The Company included the results of operations
of each acquisition in its consolidated statement of income from the date of each acquisition. 

4. Net Income per Share  

The following table reflects the calculation
of weighted average shares outstanding for each period presented: 

The following table summarizes potential
shares that were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive
or the performance condition was not met: 

5. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets  

The following table summarizes the significant
components of prepaid expenses and other current assets (in thousands): 

6. Property and Equipment  

The following table provides a detailed
breakout of property and equipment, by type (in thousands): 

Depreciation expense for the years ending
September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $31.9 million, $18.7 million, and $16.2 million, respectively. 

7. Goodwill and Intangibles  

Goodwill   

The following table sets forth the change
in the carrying amount of goodwill for the Company during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

In the current period, the change in the
carrying amount of goodwill is primarily attributable to the Company s acquisition of RSG, but also driven by the other acquisitions
executed during the year ended September 30, 2016 (see Note 3). The Company has recognized no goodwill impairments for any of the
periods presented. 

Intangibles   

In connection with the acquisition of RSG
and other acquisitions, the Company recorded intangible assets of $442.6 million, which includes $63.3 million of indefinite lived
trademarks, $4.3 million of amortizable trademarks, and $375.0 million of customer relationships. 

The following table summarizes the types
of intangible assets held by the Company (in thousands): 

1  As of September 30, 2016 

For the years ended September 30, 2016,
2015, and 2014, the Company recorded $68.3 million, $16.2 million, and $14.1 million of amortization expense relating to the above-listed
intangible assets, respectively. The intangible asset lives range from 1 to 20 years and the weighted-average remaining life was
18.3 years as of September 30, 2016. 

The following table presents the estimated
annual amortization expense for intangible assets (in thousands): 

8. Financing Arrangements  

In connection with the RSG Acquisition on
October 1, 2015, the Company entered into various financing arrangements totaling $1.45 billion. A  Senior Secured Credit
Facility  was entered into that is comprised of an asset-based revolving line of credit facility ( ABL  or  ABL
Facility ) of $700.0 million ($350.0 million of which was drawn at closing) and a new $450.0 million term loan facility ( Term
Loan  or  Term Loan Facility ). The Company also issued $300.0 million of Senior Notes. 

The following table summarizes all financing
arrangements the Company has entered into (in thousands): 

1 - Effective rates on borrowings are 2.90% as of
September 30, 2016; 0.00% as of September 30, 2015 

 2 - Effective rates on borrowings are 3.20% as of
September 30, 2016; 0.00% as of September 30, 2015 

 3 - Effective rates on borrowings are 0.00% as of
September 30, 2016; 3.70% as of September 30, 2015 (extinguished in first quarter of 2016) 

 4 - Interest rate of 3.50% as of September 30, 2016;
0.00% as of September 30, 2015 

 5 - Interest rate of 0.00% as of September 30, 2016;
4.25% as of September 30, 2015 (extinguished in first quarter of 2016) 

 6 - Interest rate of 6.38% as of September 30, 2016;
0.00% as of September 30, 2015 

 7 - Fixed interest rates ranging from 2.33% to 3.25%
as of September 30, 2016 and 2.33% to 4.49% as of September 30, 2015 

 8 - Fixed interest rates ranging from 2.72% to 10.39%
as of September 30, 2016; and 0.00% as of September 30, 2015 

Asset-based Line of Credit Facility ( ABL Facility )   

On October 1, 2015, the Company
entered into a $700 million ABL Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and a syndicate of other lenders. This ABL Facility
consists of revolving loans in both the United States ( U.S. Revolver ) in the amount of $670 million and Canada
( Canada Revolver ) in the amount of $30 million. The ABL Facility has a maturity date of October 1, 2020. The
U.S. Revolver has various tranches of borrowings, bearing interest at rates ranging from 2.02% to 4.00%. The effective rate
of these borrowings is 2.90% and is paid monthly. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance on the U.S. Revolver and
Canada Revolvers, net of debt issuance fees, was $359.7 million. The U.S. Revolver also has outstanding standby letters of
credit in the amount of $12.8 million as of September 30, 2016. Current unused commitment fees on the revolving credit
facilities are 0.25% per annum. 

There is one financial covenant under the
ABL Facility, which is a Consolidated Fixed Charge Ratio. As defined in the ABL Facility, the Company s Consolidated Fixed
Charge Ratio must be a minimum of 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter, calculated on a trailing four quarter basis. The covenant
is only applicable when the borrowing availability is less than 10% of the maximum loan cap or $60 million. The ABL Facility is
guaranteed jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally by the Company s active United States subsidiary. 

Term Loan   

On October 1, 2015, the Company entered
into a $450.0 million Term Loan Facility with Citibank N.A., and a syndicate of other lenders. The Term Loan requires quarterly
principal payments in the amount of $1.1 million, with the remaining outstanding principal to be paid on its maturity date of October
1, 2022. The interest rate paid is based on a LIBOR rate (with a floor) plus a fixed spread. The Company has the option of selecting
a LIBOR period that determines the rate at which interest can accrue on the Term Loan as well as the period in which interest payments
are made. 

On September 16, 2016, the Company refinanced
its Term Loan, lowering the LIBOR floor by 25 basis points and lowering the spread by 25 basis points. As a result of the refinancing,
the Company wrote off $1.6 million of debt issuance costs in interest expense. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance
on the Term Loan, net of debt issuance fees, was $436.4 million. The Term Loan is guaranteed jointly and severally and fully and
unconditionally by the Company s active United States subsidiary. 

Senior Notes   

The Company also raised $300.0 million by
issuing 8 year senior notes due 2023 (the  Senior Notes ), having a coupon rate of 6.38% per annum, payable semi-annually
in arrears beginning April 1, 2016. There are early payment provisions in the Senior Note indenture in which the Company would
be subject to  make whole  provisions. Management anticipates repaying the notes at the maturity date of October 1,
2023. As of September 30, 2016 the outstanding balance on the Senior Notes, net of debt issuance fees, was $291.0 million. The
Senior Notes are guaranteed jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally by the Company s active United States subsidiary. 

Other Information   

The proceeds from the Senior Secured Credit
Facility and Senior Notes were used to provide working capital and funds for other general corporate purposes, to refinance or
otherwise extinguish all third-party indebtedness for borrowed money under Company s and RSG s existing senior secured
credit facilities and RSG s unsecured senior notes due 2020, to finance the acquisition, and to pay fees and expenses associated
with the RSG acquisition. The Company incurred financing costs totaling approximately $31.3 million. 

The Senior Credit Facility and the previous
Term Loan financing arrangements had certain lenders who participated in both arrangements, therefore management accounted for
a portion of this transaction as a debt modification and a portion as a debt extinguishment. In accordance with the accounting
for debt modification, the Company expensed $2.2 million of direct issuance costs incurred and will amortize the previously capitalized
issuance costs over the term of the Senior Credit Facility. The remainder of the settlement of the Company s previous financing
arrangements was accounted for as debt extinguishment, for which the Company recognized a loss of $0.8 million in the first quarter
of fiscal year 2016. 

Annual principal payments for all outstanding
financing arrangements for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands): 

9. Commitments and Contingencies  

Operating Leases   

The Company mostly operates in leased facilities,
which are accounted for as operating leases. The leases typically provide for a base rent plus real estate taxes. Certain of the
leases provide for escalating rents over the lives of the leases and rent expense is recognized over the terms of those leases
on a straight-line basis. 

At September 30, 2016, the minimum rental
commitments under all non-cancelable operating leases with initial or remaining terms of more than one year were as follows: 

Rent expense was $59.3 million, $39.2 million,
and $34.9 million for the years ending September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. Sublet income was immaterial for each
of these periods. 

Contingencies   

The Company is subject to loss contingencies
pursuant to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations; however, the Company is not aware of any reasonably
possible losses that would have a material impact on its results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. Potential loss
contingencies include possible obligations to remove or mitigate the effects on the environment of the placement, storage, disposal
or release of certain chemical or other substances by the Company or by other parties. In connection with its acquisitions, the
Company s practice is to request indemnification for any and all known material liabilities of significance as of the respective
dates of acquisition. Historically, environmental liabilities have not had a material impact on the Company's results of operations,
financial position or liquidity. 

The Company is subject to litigation from
time to time in the ordinary course of business; however the Company does not expect the results, if any, to have a material adverse
impact on its results of operations, financial position or liquidity. 

10. Stockholders  Equity  

Common and Preferred Stock   

The Company is authorized to issue 100 million shares of common
stock and 5 million shares of preferred stock. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 there were 59,890,885 and 49,790,743 shares of
common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, and no preferred stock outstanding as of either period end. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
(Loss  ) 

Other comprehensive income (loss) is
comprised of certain gains and losses that are excluded from net income under GAAP and instead recorded as a separate element
of stockholders  equity. The Company s other comprehensive income (loss) consists of foreign currency translation
adjustments as well as unrealized gains or losses on the Company s derivative contracts. 

The following table summarizes the components
of accumulated other comprehensive loss (in thousands): 

Gains (losses) on derivative instruments
are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in interest expense, financing costs, and other. 

11. Stock-based Compensation  

On February 9, 2016, the shareholders of
the Company approved the Amended and Restated Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. 2014 Stock Plan (the  2014 Plan ). The 2014
Plan provides for discretionary awards of stock options, stock awards, restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights ( SARs )
for up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock to selected employees and non-employee directors. The 2014 Plan mandates that all forfeited,
expired, and withheld shares, including those from the predecessor plans, be returned to the 2014 Plan and made available for issuance.
As of September 30, 2016, there were 4,818,556 shares of common stock available for issuance. 

Prior to the 2014 Plan, the Company maintained
the amended and restated Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. 2004 Stock Plan (the  2004 Plan ). Upon shareholder approval of
the 2014 Plan, the Company ceased issuing equity awards from the 2004 Plan and mandated that all future equity awards will be issued
from the 2014 Plan. 

For all equity awards granted prior to October
1, 2014, in the event of a change in control of the Company, all awards are immediately vested. Beginning in fiscal 2015, equity
awards contain a  double trigger  change in control mechanism. Unless an award is continued or assumed by a public
company in an equitable manner, an award shall become fully vested immediately prior to a change in control (at 100% in the case
of a performance-based restricted stock award). If an award is so continued or assumed, vesting will continue in accordance with
the terms of the award, unless there is a qualifying termination within one-year following the change in control, in which event
the award shall become fully vested immediately (at 100% in the case of a performance-based restricted stock award). 

Stock Options   

Non-qualified stock options generally expire
10 years after the grant date and, except under certain conditions, the options are subject to continued employment and vest in
one-third increments over a three-year period following the grant dates. 

The fair values of
the options were estimated on the dates of grants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions: 

The following table summarizes all stock
option activity for the periods presented: 

1  Aggregate intrinsic
value as represents the difference between the closing fair value of the underlying common stock and the exercise price of outstanding,
in-the-money options on the date of measurement 

During the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to stock options of $11.2 million and $6.4 million, respectively.
As of September 30, 2016, there was $6.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options, which
is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.0 years. 

The following table summarizes additional
information on stock option grants, vesting, and exercises (in thousands): 

Restricted Stock Units   

Restricted stock unit ( RSU )
awards granted to employees are subject to continued employment and generally vest after three years. The Company also grants certain
RSU awards to management that contain an additional vesting condition tied directly to a targeted rate of return on invested capital
for the Company at the end of the three-year period. The actual number of RSUs that will vest can range from 0% to 150% of the
grant, depending upon actual Company performance below or above the target level. The Company estimates performance in relation
to the established target when determining the projected number of RSUs that will vest and calculating the compensation cost related
to these awards. 

RSUs granted to non-employee directors are subject to continued
service and vest after one year (except under certain conditions). Generally, the common shares underlying the RSUs are not eligible
for distribution until the director s service on the Board has terminated. For non-employee director RSU grants made prior
to fiscal year 2014, the share distribution date is six months after the director s termination of service on the board.
Beginning in fiscal year 2016, non-employee directors holding RSUs with a fair market value equal to five times the annual cash
retainer may elect to have future grants settle simultaneously with vesting. 

The following table summarizes all restricted
stock unit activity for the periods presented: 

During the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock units of $6.5 million and $3.5 million,
respectively. As of September 30, 2016, there was $10.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted
stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.8 years. 

12. Income Taxes  

The following table summarizes the components
of the income tax provision (in thousands): 

The following table is a reconciliation
of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company s effective income tax rate for the periods presented: 

Deferred income taxes reflect the tax consequences
of temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and such amounts as measured
by tax law. These temporary differences are determined according to ASC 740 Income Taxes. Temporary differences that give rise
to deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands): 

Due to the RSG acquisition on
October 1, 2015, the Company acquired $135.3 million of federal and state net operating loss ( NOL )
carryforwards related to its domestic operations. The federal losses are subject to an annual Section 382 limit of $37.3
million. The Company utilized $37.3 million of federal NOLs and $2.4 million of state NOLs for the year ended September 30,
2016. These NOLs are scheduled to expire at various dates through 2035. The deferred tax asset of $34.5 million remaining as
of September 30, 2016 is related to the federal and state NOL carryforward. 

The Company s Canadian subsidiary, Beacon
Roofing Supply Canada Company ( BRSCC ), is treated as a Controlled Foreign Corporation ( CFC ). BRSCC s
taxable income, which reflects all of the Company s Canadian operations, is being taxed only in Canada and would generally
be taxed in the United States only upon an actual or deemed distribution. The Company expects that BRSCC s earnings will
be indefinitely reinvested for the foreseeable future and therefore no United States deferred tax asset or liability for the differences
between the book basis and the tax basis of BRSCC has been recorded at September 30, 2016.  Unremitted earnings of $40.9 million
were considered permanently reinvested at September 30, 2016. Of this amount, $22.4 million of the unremitted earnings were previously
taxed in the United States and the remittance on these earnings would not generate additional United States tax. 

As of September 30,
2016, goodwill was $1.20 billion, of which there remains an amortizable basis of $253.8 million for income tax purposes. The
Company had $35.7 million of excess tax benefits available for potential deferred tax write-offs as of September 30,
2016, primarily related to previously recognized stock-based compensation. 

As of September 30, 2016,
there were no uncertain tax positions which, if recognized, would affect the Company s effective tax rate. The Company s
accounting policy is to recognize any interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense in the consolidated
statements of operations. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of the gross unrecognized income tax benefits is
as follows: 

The Company has operations
in 46 U.S. states and 6 provinces in Canada. The audit by the Internal Revenue Service for tax year ended September 30, 2013 was
closed during the fiscal year. The Company is currently under audit in certain state and local jurisdictions for various years.
These audits may involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. The Company has provided for
its estimate of taxes payable in the accompanying financial statements. Additional taxes are reasonably possible; however the amounts
cannot be estimated at this time. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for any fiscal years
ended on or before September 30, 2013. For the majority of states, the Company is also no longer subject to tax examinations for
any fiscal years ended on or before September 30, 2013. In Canada, the Company is no longer subject to tax examinations for any
fiscal years ended on or before September 30, 2012. For the Canadian provinces, the Company is no longer subject to tax examinations
for any fiscal years ended on or before September 30, 2013.  

13. Geographic and Product Data  

The following table summarizes certain geographic
information for the periods presented (in thousands): 

The following table summarized net sales from
external customers by product group (in thousands): 

14.      Supplemental
Guarantor Information   

All of the Senior Notes issued on October 1,
2015 are guaranteed jointly and severally by the domestic subsidiary of the Company (the  Guarantor ), and not by the
Canadian subsidiaries of the Company. Such guarantees are full and unconditional. Supplemental condensed consolidating financial
information of the Company, including such information for the Guarantor, is presented below. The information is presented in accordance
with the requirements of Rule 3-10 under the SEC s Regulation S-X. The financial information may not necessarily be indicative
of results of operations, cash flows or financial position had the non-guarantor subsidiaries operated as independent entities.
Investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method of accounting. The principal elimination entries eliminate investments
in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions. Separate financial statements of the Guarantor are not provided as
the consolidating financial information contained herein provides a more meaningful disclosure to allow investors to determine
the nature of the assets held by, and the operations of, the combined groups. 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets  

 (Unaudited; In thousands) 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets  

 (Unaudited; In thousands) 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations  

 (Unaudited; In thousands, except share and per
share amounts) 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations  

 (Unaudited; In thousands, except share and per
share amounts) 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive
Income  

 (Unaudited; In thousands) 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash
Flows  

 (Unaudited; In thousands) 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.  

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash
Flows  

 (Unaudited; In thousands) 

15. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  

The following table summarizes changes in the
valuation of the allowance for doubtful accounts (in thousands): 

16. Fair Value Measurement  

As of September 30, 2016, the carrying amount
of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid and other current assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximated
fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The Company measures its cash equivalents at amortized cost,
which approximates fair value based upon quoted market prices (Level 1). Based upon recent trading prices (Level 2  
market approach) as of September 30, 2016 the fair value of the Company s $300.0 million Senior Notes was $324.0 million.
As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the Company s Senior Secured Credit Facility approximated the amount outstanding.
The Company estimates the fair value of its Senior Secured Credit Facility by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument
using estimated market rates of debt instruments with similar maturities and credit profiles (Level 3). 

17. Employee Benefit Plans  

The Company maintains defined contribution plans
covering all full-time employees of the Company who have 90 days of service and are at least 21 years old. An eligible
employee may elect to make a before-tax contribution of between 1% and 100% of his or her compensation through payroll deductions,
not to exceed the annual limit set by law. The Company currently matches the first 50% of participant contributions limited to
6% of a participant s gross compensation (maximum Company match is 3%). Furthermore, in accordance with the plans, the Company
may elect to make additional contributions to eligible employees as part of a discretionary profit-sharing. The Company has elected
to do so during each of the three years presented and is scheduled to make a contribution for 2016 during the 2017 fiscal year.
All Company contributions are subject to the discretion of management and the board of directors. 

The combined total expense for this plan and
a similar plan for Canadian employees was $7.3 million, $4.6 million, and $6.0 million for the years ended September 30, 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company also contributes to an external pension fund for certain of its employees who belong to
a local union. Annual contributions were $0.1 million for each the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. 

18. Financial Derivatives  

The Company has historically used interest rate
derivative instruments to manage the risk related to fluctuating cash flows from interest rate changes by converting a portion
of its variable-rate borrowings into fixed-rate borrowings. On March 28, 2013, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement
with a notional amount of $213.8 million which expires on March 31, 2017. This agreement swapped the thirty-day LIBOR to a fixed-rate
of 1.38% and had scheduled reductions of the notional amount equal to $2.8 million per quarter, effectively matching the repayment
schedule under the Term Loan outstanding at that time. The Company determined this swap agreement qualified for cash flow hedge
accounting under ASC 815, therefore changes in the fair value of the swap were recognized through other comprehensive income each
period. As of September 30, 2015, the interest rate swap had a notional amount of $185.6 million and a fair value of $2.4 million. 

On October 1, 2015, in connection with the financing
terms surrounding the RSG Acquisition (see Note 2), the Company terminated the swap agreement and settled the $2.4 million unrealized
loss with the counterparty. This $2.4 million unrealized loss will be recognized on a straight-line basis as interest expense from
the termination date through March 31, 2017, the original expiration date of the swap agreement. 

ITEM 9.     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

None. 

ITEM 9A.     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

1.      Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

Our management, with the participation of our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2016. Based on this
evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls
and procedures were (1) designed to ensure that material information relating to Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc., including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to our chief executive officer and chief financial officer by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report was being prepared and (2) designed to be effective, and were
effective, in that they provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, including that information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (b) accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

2.      Internal
Control over Financial Reporting   

(a)      Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s
principal executive and principal financial officers, and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company;  

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and   

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

Our internal control system was designed to
provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published
financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations which may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal controls over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth
in Internal Control     Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(2013 framework) (COSO). Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of September 30, 2016, our internal control over financial
reporting is effective at the reasonable assurance level based on those criteria. 

Our Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm has issued a report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. This report appears below. 

(b)      Attestation
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

Report of Ernst   Young LLP,
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. 

We have audited Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. s internal
control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Beacon Roofing
Supply, Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for
its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. maintained, in
all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the COSO criteria .  

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. as of September
30, 2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders  equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016 and our report dated November 22, 2016 expressed an
unqualified opinion thereon. 

(c)      Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

No change in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.     OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

PART III  

Executive Officers of the Registrant  

This part of our Form 10-K, which includes
Items 10 through 14, is omitted because we will file definitive proxy material pursuant to Regulation 14A not more than 120 days
after the close of our year-end, which proxy material will include the information required by Items 10 through 14 and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

PART IV  

ITEM 15.     EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

(a)   
       (1)   
       Financial Statements    

The following financial
statements of our Company and Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Part II, Item 8
of this Report: 

Report
of Ernst   Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

(2)    Financial Statement Schedules  

Financial statement schedules have been omitted
because they are either not applicable or the required information has been disclosed in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Exhibits are set forth on the attached exhibit
index. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC. (REGISTRANT)   

By:  
      /s/   JOSEPH M. NOWICKI   

Joseph M. Nowicki   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    
 
      Date: November 22, 2016  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

+  
      Management contract or compensatory plan/arrangement   

*  
      Filed herewith   

We will furnish any of our shareowners a copy
of any of the above Exhibits not included herein upon the written request of such shareowner and the payment to Beacon Roofing
Supply, Inc. of the reasonable expenses incurred in furnishing such copy or copies. 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 v452263_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit
10.2   

EXECUTION VERSION 

FIRST AMENDMENT 

This FIRST AMENDMENT, dated
as of September 16, 2016 (this   Amendment Agreement  ), to the TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of October
1, 2015 (the   Existing Credit Agreement  ), among  Beacon roofing supply,
inc. , a Delaware corporation (the   Borrower  ), the  lenders 
party thereto and  CITIBANK, N.A.,  as Administrative Agent (the   Administrative
Agent  ) (capitalized terms used but not defined herein having the meaning provided in the Existing Credit Agreement). 

WITNESSETH  

WHEREAS, Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC and Citibank, N.A. have been appointed to act as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners in connection with this Agreement
(in such capacities, the   Arrangers  ); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the
Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing Term Loan Lenders (as defined below) have made Initial Term Loans to the Borrower on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein; 

WHEREAS, each lender holding
outstanding Initial Term Loans immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) (each, an   Existing
Term Loan Lender  ) that executes and delivers a signature page to this Amendment Agreement as a  Continuing Term
Loan Lender  (each, a   Continuing Term Loan Lender  ) at or prior to  5:00 
p.m., New York City time, on September 15, 2016 (the   Signing Date and Time  ) will have agreed to the terms
of this Amendment Agreement upon the effectiveness of this Amendment Agreement on the First Amendment Effective Date. Each Existing
Term Loan Lender that does not execute and deliver a signature page to this Amendment Agreement at or prior to the Signing Date
and Time (each, a   Departing Term Loan Lender  ) will be deemed not to have agreed to this Amendment Agreement,
and will be subject to the mandatory assignment provisions of Section 6.12(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined
below) upon the effectiveness of this Amendment Agreement on the First Amendment Effective Date (it being understood that the interests,
rights and obligations of the Departing Term Loan Lenders under the Loan Documents will be assumed by Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association ( Wells Fargo , in such capacity, the   New Lender  ), in accordance with Section 6.12(b)
of the Amended Credit Agreement and Section 2 hereof); 

WHEREAS, effective as of
the First Amendment Effective Date, the New Lender will constitute, and each Continuing Term Loan Lender will continue to constitute,
a  Term Loan Lender  and a  Lender  for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan
Documents; and 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has
requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended (as so amended, the   Amended Credit Agreement  ), to
provide for: 

(a)  the reduction of the Applicable Margin applicable to the Initial Term Loans;   

(b)  the reduction of the LIBOR Rate and Base Rate  floor  applicable to the Initial Term
Loans; and   

(c)  the addition and/or modification of certain other provisions, as reflected herein.   

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties
hereto agree as follows: 

SECTION 1.           Amendment
of the Existing Credit Agreement . Effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby
amended as follows: 

(a)          The
following definitions are added in the appropriate alphabetical order to Section 1.1 of the Existing Credit Agreement: 

Bail-In
Action    means, as to any EEA Financial Institution, the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of such EEA Financial Institution. 

Bail-In
Legislation    means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of
the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to
time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

EEA
Financial Institution    means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country
which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is
a parent of an institution described in  clause (a)  of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an
EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in  clause (a)  or  (b)  of this definition and
is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA
Member Country    means any member state of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 

EEA
Resolution Authority    means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule    means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association
(or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

First
Amendment   shall mean that certain First Amendment to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment
Effective Date, among,  inter   alia , the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Term Loan Lenders party thereto. 

First
Amendment Effective Date   means September 16, 2016. 

Write-Down
and Conversion Powers    means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers
of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down
and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

(b)          The
definition of the term  Applicable Margin  set forth in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated
in its entirety as follows: 

Applicable
Margin   means, as of any date, with respect to Initial Term Loans, a percentage per annum equal to (i) for any day up
to (but excluding) the First Amendment Effective Date, (x) in the case of Initial Term Loans maintained as Base Rate Loans, 2.00%,
and (y) in the case of Initial Term Loans maintained as LIBOR Loans, 3.00%, and (ii) for any day from (and including) the First
Amendment Effective Date and thereafter, (x) in the case of Initial Term Loans maintained as Base Rate Loans, 1.75%, and (y) in
the case of Initial Term Loans maintained as LIBOR Loans, 2.75%. 

(c)          The
definition of the term  Base Rate  is hereby amended by replacing the  2.00%  that appears in clause (d)
of such definition with  1.75% . 

(d)          The
definition of the term  LIBOR Rate  is hereby amended by replacing the  1.00%  that appears in the proviso
of such definition with  0.75% . 

(e)          Section
5.4(b) is hereby amended by adding immediately after the phrase  Closing Date  that appears in the first sentence of
such section the following phrase: 

or at any
time after the First Amendment Effective Date and prior to the date that is six months after the First Amendment Effective Date  

(f)          Section
6.2 is hereby amended to add the following sentence after the last sentence of such section: 

Notwithstanding
any other provision contained herein to the contrary, the last day of each Interest Period in effect with respect to each LIBOR
Rate Loan outstanding immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date shall be deemed to be the First Amendment Effective
Date and on the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each LIBOR Rate
Loan that is accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the First Amendment Effective Date at the rate per annum applicable to such
Interest Period under Section 6.1(a). Each LIBOR Rate Loan outstanding as of the First Amendment Effective Date will be deemed
continued on the First Amendment Effective Date as a new LIBOR Rate Loan with an initial Interest Period as set forth on the Notice
of Conversion/Continuation delivered to the Administrative Agent on the First Amendment Effective Date. 

(g)          Section
6.12(b)(ii) is hereby amended to delete the text, immediately following the word  from  through the end of such clause,
and adding the following in lieu thereof: 

(x) the assignee
(to the extent of such outstanding principal), (y) the assignee and/or, with the Borrower s prior consent, the Borrower (to
the extent of such outstanding accrued interest and fees) or (z) the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts)  

(h)          Section
6.12 is hereby amended to add the following new clause (c) at the end thereof: 

(c) Each
party hereto agrees that an assignment and delegation required pursuant to clause (b) above may, at the Administrative Agent s
request and notwithstanding anything in Section 13.10 or elsewhere herein to the contrary, be effected pursuant to an assignment
and assumption agreement (or any other written instrument), in each case, in a form acceptable to the Administrative Agent, executed
by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee, and that the Lender required to make such assignment and delegation
need not be a party thereto.  

(i)          Article
XIII of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following new Section 13.22 in the appropriate numerical order: 

SECTION
13.22.  Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among the parties hereto or to any other Loan Document,
each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent
such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and
consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a)          the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which
may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 

(b)          the
effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable, (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation
of any such liability, (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership
in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on
it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such
liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection
with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority.  

SECTION 2.           Concerning
the Term Loan Lenders and Initial Term Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Amended
Credit Agreement, on the First Amendment Effective Date, (i) the New Lender shall become, and each Continuing Term Loan Lender
shall continue to be, a  Term Loan Lender  under the Amended Credit Agreement and (ii) the New Lender shall have, and
each Continuing Term Loan Lender shall continue to have, all the rights and obligations of a  Term Loan Lender  and
a  Lender  holding an Initial Term Loan under the Amended Credit Agreement. 

(b)          Pursuant
to Section 6.12(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement, on the First Amendment Effective Date, each Departing Term Loan Lender
shall be deemed to have assigned and delegated its Initial Term Loans to Wells Fargo, as assignee, at a purchase price equal to
par (the   Purchase Price  ) and Wells Fargo agrees to assume the Initial Term Loans of such Departing Term Loan
Lender. Upon (i) payment to a Departing Term Loan Lender of (x) the Purchase Price with respect to its Initial Term Loans,
(y) accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the First Amendment Effective Date and (z) all other amounts payable to
such Departing Term Loan Lender under the Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 6.9 of the Existing Credit Agreement),
which, in the case of clauses (y) and (z) shall be paid by the Borrower and (ii) the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in
Section 6.12(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement, such Departing Term Loan Lender shall cease to be a party to the Existing Credit
Agreement with respect to the Initial Term Loans so assigned (and shall not become a party to the Amended Credit Agreement). 

(c)          Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, on the First Amendment Effective Date, each Continuing Term Loan Lender agrees (x)
if the aggregate principal amount of such Continuing Term Loan Lender s Initial Term Loans immediately prior to the First
Amendment Effective Date exceeds the aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans such Continuing Term Loan Lender will be
allocated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, to assign to Wells Fargo, for a purchase price equal to par, a portion of its
Initial Term Loans having an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Continuing Term Loan Lender s
Initial Term Loans immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date  less  the aggregate principal amount of Initial
Term Loans such Continuing Term Loan Lender will be allocated as of the First Amendment Effective Date (as disclosed to such Continuing
Term Loan Lender and the Administrative Agent by Wells Fargo prior to the date hereof) and Wells Fargo agrees to assume such portion
of the Initial Term Loans of such Continuing Term Loan Lender or (y) if the aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans such
Continuing Term Loan Lender will be allocated as of the First Amendment Effective Date exceeds the aggregate principal amount of
such Continuing Term Loan Lender s Initial Term Loans immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, to assume
from Wells Fargo, for a purchase price equal to par, the aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans such Continuing Term
Loan Lender will be allocated as of the First Amendment Effective Date (as disclosed to such Continuing Term Loan Lender and the
Administrative Agent by Wells Fargo prior to the date hereof)  less  the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans
of such Continuing Term Loan Lender immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date. 

(d)          The
New Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Amendment Agreement and assuming Initial Term Loans in accordance with Section
2 hereof, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document
required to be approved by the Administrative Agent (including in its capacity as  collateral agent  under the Loan
Documents), the Required Lenders or any other Lenders, as applicable, on the First Amendment Effective Date. 

(e)          The
Administrative Agent, by delivering its signature page to this Amendment Agreement, consents to this Amendment Agreement and confirms
that the New Lender is acceptable to it. 

SECTION 3.           Conditions
to Effectiveness of Agreement . The amendment of the Existing Credit Agreement and associated provisions set forth herein shall
become effective as of the first date on which the following occur or have been waived in accordance with Section 13.2 of the Existing
Credit Agreement (the   First Amendment Effective Date  ): 

(a)          The
Administrative Agent shall have received duly executed counterparts of (i) this Amendment Agreement from (A) the Borrower, (B)
Continuing Term Loan Lenders constituting the Required Lenders, (C) the New Lender and (D) the Administrative Agent and (ii) the
Reaffirmation Agreement attached hereto from each Credit Party. 

(b)          The
Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Existing Term Loan Lenders, accrued and unpaid interest
to (but excluding) the First Amendment Effective Date and, for the account of the Departing Term Loan Lenders only, any other amounts
payable to them in connection with this Amendment Agreement in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents. In addition, the
Borrower shall have paid all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the First Amendment Effective Date pursuant
to this Amendment Agreement or as separately agreed by the Borrower and any of the Arrangers and the Borrower shall also have reimbursed
all reasonable and invoiced out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers relating hereto (including those
of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers). 

(c)          At
the time of and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment Agreement, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing or would result therefrom. 

(d)          The
representations and warranties made or deemed to be made in Section 4 of this Amendment Agreement shall be true and correct in
all material respects, except for any such representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or by reference to Material
Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects. 

(e)          The
Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the First Amendment Effective Date and signed by an officer of the
Borrower, certifying to the matters set forth in clauses (c) and (d) of this Section 3. 

(f)          [reserved] 

(g)          The
Borrower shall have given notice to the Administrative Agent and each Departing Term Loan Lender as required by Section 6.12(b)
of the Existing Credit Agreement. 

(h)          The
Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Conversion/Continuation from the Borrower with respect to the Initial Term
Loans. 

The Administrative Agent
shall notify the Borrower, the Existing Term Loan Lenders and the New Lender of the First Amendment Effective Date and such notice
shall be conclusive and binding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Amendment Agreement shall not become effective, and the obligations
of the applicable Continuing Term Loan Lenders and the New Lender to assume Initial Term Loans as provided for herein will automatically
terminate, if each of the conditions set forth or referred to in this Section 3 has not been satisfied at or prior to 11:59 p.m.,
New York City time, on September 16, 2016 (it being understood that any such failure of this Amendment Agreement to become effective
will not affect any rights or obligations of any Person under the Existing Credit Agreement). 

SECTION 4.           Representations
and Warranties . The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender on the First Amendment
Effective Date that: 

(a)          This
Amendment Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable Debtor Relief
Laws or other laws affecting creditors  rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(b)          The
representations and warranties of each Credit Party set forth in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects,
except for any such representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or by reference to Material Adverse Effect, which
are true and correct in all respects, in each case on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date with the same effect as of made
on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date (except for any such representation or warranty that by its terms is made only
as of an earlier date, which representation and warranty is true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date,
except for any such representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or by reference to Material Adverse Effect, which
are true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date), and except that the phrase  After giving effect to the Transactions 
in Section 8.16 shall be deemed to be  After giving effect to the transactions to be consummated on the First Amendment Effective
Date . 

(c)          No
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from this Amendment Agreement. 

SECTION 5.           Effects
on Loan Documents; No Novation . (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment Agreement shall not alter, modify,
amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit
Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which shall continue to be in full force and effect
and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. 

(b)          The execution, delivery
and effectiveness of this Amendment Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the
Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents or in any
way limit, impair or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents.
Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle the Borrower or any other Credit Party to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification
or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Amended Credit Agreement
or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. 

(c)          On
and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to  this Agreement ,  hereunder ,
 hereof ,  herein  or words of like import, and each reference to the  Credit Agreement ,  thereunder ,
 thereof ,  therein  or words of like import (in each case, if referring to the Existing Credit Agreement)
in any other Loan Document, shall be deemed a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. The Borrower and the other parties hereto
acknowledge and agree that this Amendment Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Existing Credit Agreement,
the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(d)          Neither
this Amendment Agreement nor the effectiveness of the Amended Credit Agreement shall extinguish the obligations for the payment
of money outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement or discharge or release the Lien or priority of any Security Document
or any other security therefor or any guarantee thereof. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation
of the Obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement or the Security Documents or instruments guaranteeing or securing
the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby or by instruments executed concurrently herewith.
Nothing expressed or implied in this Amendment Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other document contemplated hereby
or thereby shall be construed as a release or other discharge of any Credit Party under any Loan Document from any of its obligations
and liabilities thereunder. 

SECTION 6.           Acknowledgement .
Each party hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Amendment Agreement constitutes a written instrument of assignment and
delegation as required by Section 6.12(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement. 

SECTION 7.           Further
Assurances . The Borrower and each other Credit Party agrees to take any further action that is reasonably requested by Administrative
Agent to effect the purposes of this Amendment Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

SECTION
8.           GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . THE
PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 13.5 AND 13.6 OF THE EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE HEREIN,  MUTATIS     MUTANDIS . 

SECTION 9.           Counterparts .
This Amendment Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which
shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment Agreement by facsimile or in electronic (i.e.,  pdf  or  tif )
format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment Agreement. 

SECTION 10.          Notices .
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto shall be given in the manner, and become effective,
as set forth in Section 13.1 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Amendment Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective proper and duly authorized officers
as of the day and year first above written. 

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.   

By: 
     /s/ Joseph M. Nowicki  

Name:  Joseph M. Nowicki  

Title: Executive Vice
    President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Term Loan
Credit Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A. , as the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent  

By: 
     /s/ Justin Tichaver  

Name:  Justin Tichaver  

Title: Director  

[Signature Page to Reaffirmation] 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-21>
 3
 v452263_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21  

REGISTRANT S SUBSIDIARIES  

The following table sets forth, as of November
22, 2016, the Registrant s significant operating subsidiaries and other associated companies and their respective incorporation
jurisdictions. The Registrant owns 100% of the voting securities of each of the subsidiaries listed below. There are no subsidiaries
not listed in the table, which would, in the aggregate, be considered significant. 

Active Subsidiaries   
       
       State of   
  Incorporation    
 
      Beacon Sales Acquisition, Inc.  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Beacon Canada, Inc.  
       
      Delaware   
 
      Beacon Roofing Supply Canada Company  
       
      Nova Scotia   

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 v452263_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1  

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the following Registration Statements: 

of our reports dated November 22, 2016
with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.
for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

/s/ ERNST   YOUNG LLP 

McLean, Virginia 

 November 22, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v452263_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Paul M. Isabella, certify that 

1.    I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.;  

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 22, 2016 

/s/   PAUL M. ISABELLA  

Paul M. Isabella  

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v452263_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Joseph M. Nowicki, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 22, 2016 

/s/   JOSEPH M. NOWICKI  

Joseph M. Nowicki  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 v452263_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Beacon
Roofing Supply, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Paul M. Isabella, the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)    The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/   PAUL M. ISABELLA   

Paul M. Isabella   

President and Chief Executive Officer    

November 22, 2016   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Beacon
Roofing Supply, Inc. and will be retained by Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 v452263_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Beacon
Roofing Supply, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Joseph M. Nowicki, the Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)    The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/   JOSEPH M. NOWICKI   

Joseph M. Nowicki   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

November 22, 2016   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Beacon
Roofing Supply, Inc. and will be retained by Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 becn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 becn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 becn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 becn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 becn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 becn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

